i can not speak specifically to the defy , but if you have got the stock android contacts app and you are syncing to google , you can tell the phone which groups to display . from the contacts app Menu | Display options | {account} . then check the groups you want to see , and the uncheck the ones you do not . " my contacts " is going to be pretty much everything under your account . if memory serves , this is only for display ; the contact info is still on the phone .
i found dialer one which works exactly how i want : display in the contact list only the groups i want to display , with a big phone icon on the right to initiate the call .
hang on a second , you wanted to hard reset your phone because your splash screen did not look like the one on youtube ? it is very common for carriers to change things like splash screens . you do not say where you bought your phone or who your carrier is . can not tell you if it is a fake . if it is legit , you do not say if you bought your phone new or used or if you or a previous owner has rooted it and flashed a custom rom . that would almost certainly change your boot splash screen . i have never owned an android phone that required pushing the back button during a hard reset . here is the only method of hard resetting that i have ever needed : from the main home screen , tap menu tap settings , then privacy tap factory data reset tap reset phone enter your password if required , then tap erase everything to confirm
out of the 3 android phones i have had , one had an " android " startup splash screen , one had a manufacturer startup splash screen , and one originally had a phone network ( vodafone ) startup splash screen , but was changed to a manufacturer splash screen in one of the ( official ) firmware updates . all were bought new and legitimate with manufacturer/carrier supplied firmware . i do not think you can judge anything by what the splash screen shows , especially as this can be changed by carriers and changed in official firmware updates . you need to compare it to an identical hardware model , supplied through the same channel that is running the same firmware/os version . it is unlikely that a random youtube video happens to be identical to yours in all those ways .
there are two different kinds of widget in android : appwidget : a small view of an application ( e . g . weather widget ) that can be embedded inside another application ( e . g . home screen ) gui widget : buttons , textbox , etc ; any visual interface element . i believe you are talking about the former ( appwidget ) . an appwidget always belongs to an app . an app that acts as a appwidgethost ( e . g . homescreen apps ) can lend a part of its ui to be managed by the app that provides an appwidget . in short , it is a way of embedding an application inside another application . an appwidget is usually used as a " smart shortcut" ; a shortcut that provides additional logic other than just being clickable and launching an activity . typical examples of appwidget is recent email/sms/facebook/twitter/whatever-your-favorite-messaging-app widgets , astrid 's task list , calendar widget , etc . an appwidget is conceptually a gui widget , except that appwidget is a gui widget that is not provided by android 's framework , instead it is provided by some other application installed in the system .
if your galaxy nexus is rooted , install this app : stickmount . then connect your usb to a usb-to-microusb cable ( such as this one ) , and plug the micro usb into the phone , a popup will appear asking you what application do you want to open , select stickmount . using a file manager , such as this one , navigate to : /sdcard/usbstorage/ you will find your usb files there . note : if your phone is not rooted , you cannot do this .
you must be looking for this . though it is costly , you can get local cables from radio shack or so . then , use stickmount app . note that this works only after rooting . p.s. rooting is not as complex as it sounds . you are just gaining access to your own phone . in galaxy nexus , you can unroot as well !
i had a similar issue - only seemed to happen when power had got really low and wifi was on . the way i got around it was : connect to charger shut down nexus hold " volume down " and power button until it wakes up on the bootloader screen , press up until it says " recovery mode " press power you should see the android logo with a red exclamation mark press and hold power , and then press " volume up " which should take you to the recovery menu . once in recovery mode , leave plugged in and fully charge ( several hours ) . once fully charged shut down and restart and it should get past the x . good luck !
search for terminal in google play , the first thst appears has ssh on it , i use it to . it is made by jack palevich . i can not give you direct link because i am writeing from my phone . the problem is , i think you need to be rooted
the best terminal emulator out there currently is : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=jackpal.androidterm here is it is wiki : http://github.com/jackpal/android-terminal-emulator/wiki regards ,
i am not sure about vietnamese , but for example in finnish , there are some extended characters that are problematic . this is because some pages are encoded as iso-8859-15 and some are utf-8 . if autodetection in the browser fails , they will be displayed as boxes or garbage . the same thing happens if the font only supports one encoding and the page uses the other . i would recommend to check the encoding of the font and the encoding of the pages you tried , and change the font if necessary .
there is a clause in the openstreetmap tile usage policy which does not allow offline storage : bulk downloading is strongly discouraged . do not download tiles unnecessarily . in particular , downloading significant areas of tiles at zoom levels 17 and higher for offline or later usage is forbidden without prior consultation with a system administrator . these tiles are generally not available ( cached ) on the server in advance , and have to be rendered specifically for those requests , putting an unjustified burden on the available resources . . . . from locus itself , you can also see that osm is not downloadable , versus google 's ( assumed to have limits , as mentioned in their tos ) .
yup . if your contacts were successfully synced with your google account you can easily move them to your new phone using the same google account . any android phone from any company can be used to restore the accounts synced with your google account .
factory reset means deleteing all app and leave just the one that were preinstaled . for the ones that were preinstalled just delete their data , like contacts msgs etc . if you want to delete all data when you do a factory reset i think it will promt you if you want to delete exdernal sd card to ( external sd card witch is actually the internal memory that you use for your photos etc , long story ) if you do not have that option there then just go to storage and see if you have there an option to wipe everything .
if you thoroughly checked that nothing was left , that is a strange thing indeed ( and i cannot imagine it returned " by itself" ) . but as a factory-reset usually only deletes/wipes /cache and /data , the sdcard ( internal or external ) are not touched in this process , so oyu might have missed that . some devices offer to include the sdcard with the wipe/factory-reset , though . for a real safe clean , however , even a wipe might not be enough , as files still could be restored using appropriate software . so if you are selling your device , you had better make sure your data is completly nuked : not only " marked deleted " , but really removed and overwritten . to achieve this , you can use helpers like nuke my phone .
you mention dropbox in the comments area of another answer . merely deleting dropbox data is insufficient to cleansing its folders . you must dissassociate the device from your account or the deleted items will re-synch to the device when next possible . start dropbox . settings > unlink device from dropbox . if this was not done , or done improperly , i can understand how the recovery occurred to the phone .
this could be caused by a variety of reasons , the primary reason being an incompatible recovery , where the appropriate variables are not correctly set . try using another recovery ( example : twrp ) , and see if you are getting this error . a temporary solution for this would be : you could just open up the zip file , extract the meta-inf/com/google/android/updater-script file , and remove the getprop lines , which look like : getprop ( xyz ) == " xyzyxz" ) ; lines from it . these lines are usually in the beginning of the updater-script file . as you say that the rom is " for " your device , this should cause no problems . then , just drag-drop back the updater-script file , back into the zip . now , flashing would not be causing any problems . note that : use programs like 7-zip , or winrar , while extracting the updater-script file . use the notepad++ text-editor , or alternatives like geany , which support the linux eol formats .
please make sure that your build.prop in the /system folder is configured correctly and has the variable ro.product.device set , often time in custom roms the build . prop is not configured completely and some of these variables are necessary for certain functionality checks . you can open it up in a text editor and look for it and make sure it is set and there are no bad characters in there that might affect it being parsed properly . also check these variables and make sure they are set as well , it is good to have them : ro . product . model=xxx ro . product . brand=xxx ro . product . name=xxx ro . product . device=xxx ro . product . board=xxx ro . product . manufacturer=xxx
i have never been a fan of the froyo apps2sd , i was a huge fan of the original " apps2sd " that used an ext2/3/4 partition on your sdcard . i am not sure if any custom roms still support this . i know it is not " supported " in cyanogenmod . you will have to root to go the " apps2ext " route . but if you dont want to go that route , or can not find any roms that support it , i do not really know of any way you can really free up any additional space . if rooted , you can delete any " bloatware " that is installed on the /system . you can remove z4root after you install it . another thing to keep in mind , even if you install applications on the sdcard , they can still use the /data directory to store their data , which is located on the devices internal storage .
loudness compensation boosts the volume on the high and low ends of the frequency band . as you might expect , the higher you set it , the more it boosts . it is mostly useful for balancing out the sound on cheap headphones , which tend to have poor response at the upper and lower bounds of their range . if you are putting worthwhile sound equipment in/on/around your ears , you probably want to leave it disabled .
i purchased 3 cheap mhl cables , same problem than you . this is the red one . 2 cables disconnect all the time , one works perfectly . the problem is the crappy cable .
there are many , the prominent ones being hotspot shield and hideman vpn . hotspot shield works really well so i never tried using any other vpn .
honeycomb was a tablet-only version of the os it was only ever released for a few devices the source code was never released not released until the source for ice cream sandwich was available , and even then the android devs noted that 3 . x source was not complete it never had much in the way of market share see also : what percentage of users use each of the android versions ? is android 3.0 honeycomb only for tablets ?
to build on al everett 's answer : yes , 3 . x was a tablet only version of android . the user base is phone dominated until more recently , but now android tablets are coming with 4 . x . since the first android tablets came out with 2 . x ( the first galaxy tab ) i am assuming that there was an initial tablet crowd that picked that up instead of an ipad , which was dominant in the market at the time to begin with , and then when 3 . x came out there was some hesitation for the unfamiliar since there was no way of knowing what 3 . x was like since it was not available for the phones that users already possessed .
for a vendor to release a 3 . x tablet its hardware needs to be approved by google . very few vendors hardware was approved to release their tablet with 3 . x version . devices with 3 . x are less in the market so are the downloads
rooting will add a few files to your system and will most likely remove the startup process that resets your recovery back to stock . the files it will usually add is the su binary , which is what will actually elevate your privileges , busybox , which will give you some basic command prompt commands , and a super user app , ( usually either superuser or supersu ) . most stock roms have a file that is run during the bootup process that will reflash the stock recovery on every boot ( for security ) . most rooting processes will remove/rename/change this file to prevent your custom recovery from being overwritten . most rooting processes have easy ways to unroot . but essentially , you would just remove the files that it added and then flash your stock recovery back on the device . many toolkits have an easy unroot option . as to how an app can use root . . . when an app attempts to use the su binary , superuser or supersu steps in and pops up a dialog asking you for permission to allow this app root access . you can approve or deny it and there is usually a checkbox asking if you want the superuser/supersu app to remember your choice . an app is not able to get elevated privileges without you approving it through the superuser/supersu app .
amazon app store downloads apk files to a folder that titanium backup considers external app data . you can regularly clean out this folder or choose one of the following : create a label , and add amazon appstore to it . now go into settings and under backup external app data choose . " enable for apps outside of choosen label " now pick the label that you added amazon too . inside tb 's settings under backup external app data choose " enable if it is smaller than choosen size " and enter a value that you are comfortable with .
you can close all the pages via menu -> windows before exiting the browser . if you want the last page to stay loaded and not reload , you have to make sure the browser is not killed or forced to give up memory by android . in other words , use only lightweight apps or do not use anything , and hope your system behaves :p
you may want to consider using an app such as bookmark home . this creates a type of launcher for bookmarks , similar to chrome 's new tab homepage or opera 's speed dial . you can import your bookmarks from the browser . this is probably the closest you can get to loading a default home page like google search , as opposed to loading the last page - it just has that one extra step .
yes you can root your phone then cook up your own rom . the easiest way to cook up your own rom is to use one of the online kitchens such as uotkitchen ( http://uot.dakra.lt/kitchen/ ) or romkitchen ( http://romkitchen.org/ ) . then when choosing the status bar , edit it to suite your needs .
if you tried clearing the app data , resetting to defaults , changing modes and did a factory reset than the only thing left to do is take it back to where you purchased it so they can have a look at it and fix it . it is entirely possible that you have a hardware failure .
these suggestions might seem odd and they might not yield any results but they are worth a shot : try using the panorama and video settings in the stock camera , and i do mean actually use them . do not just switch to them and switch back to picture mode . if you are lucky changing modes , taking a panorama/video , then changing back to normal picture mode will reset whatever needs to be reset . in normal picture mode long-press the shutter button . try this twice , one time release the screen as normal and the next drag your finger away from the shutter button before releasing the screen . i am not sure if doing it these two ways will have different results , but i know that if you drag your finger away no picture will be taken .
did you try resetting the settings to defaults and rebooting the phone ? there is a reset option in the camera setting menu ( open camera , the setting knob , then the three dots , restore defaults ) . if that does not work , then go to system 's settings , applications , " all " tab and clear data .
what happened with my phone is that the scene selector got set to landscape by an os update or someone else fiddling with the phone and i did not even know that there was a scene selector . once i found this setting i found that if i set it back to auto ( or macro if you want to do a close-up ) that the auto-focus starting working again . hopefully this helps someone .
try this , go to settings -> apps -> all tab -> camera -> clear data .
in your settings you should see the category " back up and reset " . and there you should see factory data reset . first try this . the strange korean menu is the recovery menu . there you have the reset to factory option too . but there are differences between the os version and the brand . so you should try to find a guide on google . edit : i read that the reset option might be in the " privacy options " .
in the google talk app when i go into Overflow menu | settings | {username}@gmail.com i see a setting for " notification ringtone " under " chat notifications " . that is what you want , no ? ( i am still on ice cream sandwich so it is conceivable that things are a little different . )
unless you have done something unusual with your device , the sd card will be formatted as a fat file system , which does not support *nix file permissions . this linux faq entry from one of mit is professors explains it a bit , and also explains how you can potentially use mount options to change the permission mode of the device ( this would require root , though , and affect all files/folders on the device ) . also , the sd card in android is mounted by default with the -noexec flag . for the exec bit you had probably want to remount with a umask of 0000 , since the umask is essentially a binary not of the permissions you want ( so umask 0000 says do not mask out any permissions , allow them all ) . untested , but doing it temporarily would be something along the lines of : mount -t vfat -o umask=0000 /dev/your/sdcard/device /mnt/sdcard  the mount point may need to be changed from /mnt/sdcard to something slightly different depending on your device . again , though , i believe mount requires that you have root permissions for this .
as devnul3 has said , using google for the contacts and calendar ( i was using google as an exchange account , so i did not have to do anything special ) . just set your android up with the same google account . moving smss can be done with sms migrator , which can be found in the android market . there is also the spb migration tool , which looks like it can do everything but notes .
for contacts and calendar entries , move the contacts to the google cloud with google sync , then activate the android device with the same account . note:if you created more than one google calendar , you will need to make sure they are all selected for sync on the phone ( open the calendar app , menu > more > calendars ) . not sure about notes/sms/bookmarks , although if you can get the bookmarks off of symbian and into chrome you can use chrome marks or chrome to phone to move them to android .
try upgrading to android 4.4.2 . settings -> general -> about device -> software update -> update . : )
" application name " when it comes down to ddms and adb means the package name of an android application . therefore when creating an ddms logcat filter , you have to enter the applications package , for example for google maps com.google.android.apps.maps .
the package which the game downloads ( after installing from google play that is ) is downloaded to the sd card . your best bet is to remove the app from ' manage applications ' option under settings .
you can delete the cache for play store and download provider . Settings - &gt; Applications - &gt; All (tab) - &gt; app name - &gt; Clear Cache  the space requirements vary app by app but all of them take up more than they package size .
yah , the system will crash if you do not have enough disk space to download and unpack an apk . a really silly design flaw that is been around since the first android os version . anyway , the offending data is probably stuck in a cache somewhere , such as the system tmp directory . go through Settings &gt; Applications and click on the All tab . scroll down until you can click on the entry for " play " and then click the " clear cache " button to ditch stuff in the google play cache folder . do not click " clear data " as this will put google play back to the factory default settings . it will list how much space the cache is taking up above the button , btw . if that is not much help , you can also try clicking on other apps and clearing their caches . ( map , email and browser apps usually have a boatload ) you might also want to download and install a cache cleaner to wipe the other caches clean if you are running low on space ; something might be a disk hog .
from the sound of your question , it sounds like your earphone jack is faulty and is not recognising that earphones are connected . you would have to send your device for repair .
the youtube app has been and continues to be a laggy little dingleberry . here are a few things to try : is there the same level of lag when you try to load the video from youtube.com? have you tried an alternative youtube app like viral ? when updating to the latest nightly , do you clear your dalvik cache ?
samsung phones that are running touchwiz ( samsung 's fork of android ) do not support native themeing , as is the case with other manufacturers such as sony and acer . you can check if you are running touchwiz by dialing *#0*# on your dialer - if a new screen appears , you are most definitely running touchwiz . to achieve support for the theme apps you see on the play store , you need to install or flash a custom android rom , such as cyanogenmod and paranoidandroid .
if you have a problem with an app and you had like a response from the developer , the best thing to do is always to contact them directly . you can find contact details ( usually a support email address ) on the app 's store page . reviews are the worst way to get help with a problem . the app developer is not notified of all new reviews , so unless they have a tool that automatically checks for new reviews , they might not see your review for some time , especially for a popular app with lots of reviews . in addition , the length of the review and their response is very limited , so it is probably not possible to get/give enough information to help solve the problem . on top of that , if you give a bad review saying that something does not work , and it turns out to be simple mistake , it makes you look like a fool , right where everyone can see . this is even more of a consideration now that google play displays your name next to the review , and uses your reviews to recommend apps to your friends . if you do leave a review on an app and the developer responds , the reply shows up right next to your review on the app 's store page . if you have had a notification but there is no reply there , it is possible that the developer wrote a reply but subsequently deleted it , perhaps because it no longer applies to the latest version of the app .
i do not think you can set separate default numbers . however what you could do is set a shortcut to message that contact and leave the default number empty so it can prompt you when you call . to set a message shortcut : long press on the home-screen , select " shortcut " , then select " direct message " . this will launch your default messaging app to send a message to that contact to whichever number you set when you create the shortcut . hope this helps
yesterday , google released chromecast app v1.7 , for selected devices running android 4.4.1 and above . this enabled devices to use screencast feature onto their chromecast .
warning - i have not tried this . i have a lot of experience with android but have not specifically tried hacking google services on to a non aosp based rom . i recommend that you make a full nandroid backup through clockworkmod or any other recovery tool before you attempt this . if you can not backup , i would think seriously about not trying this . that said - google does not like rom developers ship their roms with all the google framework apps installed , which is good for you because it means that everything you need to get up and running properly with the playstore , gmail , google accounts etc can be found in one handy zip file . have a read up of this page , take note of this paragraph : google apps packages are not cross-compatible with other major android versions . for example , the 20120224 pack for ice cream sandwich ( android 4.0 ) is not compatible with gingerbread ( android 2.3 ) . likewise , the drc83 package for donut ( android 1.6 ) will not work with honeycomb ( android 3 . x ) . flashing an incompatible package may cause a variety of bugs , boot-loops , crashes , force-closes , kernel panics , plagues , rashes , coughing , sneezing , headaches , diarrhea , vomiting blood , blood dripping from scrotum , thermonuclear war , unending tic-tac-toe games , mayan doomsday , flooding , purple pustules forming on the face , a bricked device , exploding batteries , or nothing at all . regardless , it is not recommended , and support will not be provided by any competent developer to a user who has done so . the file which matches your os version ( gingerbread , 2.3 ) is http://goo.im/gapps/gapps-gb-20110828-signed.zip . flash this file via the recovery console , or you can install manually by following the script at \meta-inf\com\google\android\updater_script . again i warn you that you could mess up your device , and i am willing to bet there are not that many roms out there if you mess up the current one . good luck !
i assume you are on linux . if the zimage already has a ramdisk in it ( check by using unmkbootimg and confirming if you get initramfs . cpio . gz after decompiling ) , rename it to boot . img and do this in a terminal ( odin way ) : tar -H ustar -c boot.img &gt; boot.tar  or you can look for an existing kernel for your device , download the flashable zip for it , replace the boot . img inside with yours , then flash in cwm .
log collector comes to my mind
you only need to remember the passphrase . i have done this before . if you are worried , you could always create a nandroid backup of your entire system , then wipe and install a custom rom . install tb , and try to restore an app with just a passphrase . if it needs something you lack , then you have your answer and can go back to recovery and restore the nandroid . but as i said , i have done this process already and know that the password is all that is needed .
the faq of titanium backup about crypthography states that you just need the passphrase to recover any backup . that must mean that the private key file is stored along with all of your backups , because it could never work in any other ways . the big problem with that faq is that it should states this explicitly imho so to make things clearer for us users . i took a peek at the first bytes of some backupped file ( i am talking about the application data here , because titanium backup does not backup apks period ) , guess what i saw ? i found the very same ascii sequence in the first lines of the backup files : those files are named something . gz but they are actually not gzip files ( because of the key that has been put in front of them . gzip files begin with hex codes 1f 8b 08 . those files do not ) . if you run linux and want to check it out , download two of your backups on the pc and try this command , that shows the first four lines of the file : $ head -n 4 cgeo.geocaching-20130919-000250.tar.gz  my output is : quite odd for a binary file , is not it ? by the way that must be , yes , my tb private key enciphered with my passphrase . i do not give a thing about sharing it because you would need my backup files and my passphrase as well , to get anything useful out of . now , if you run run the same command on a different backup file : $ head -n 4 com . amazon . kindle-20130919-000004 . tar . gz guess what ? you will get the same s*it ! this simply could not be a coincidence . : ) from a certain point onward everything in backup files finally becomes binary . this behavior makes a lot of sense because that would mean that we can only share the backup files and forget about everything - with the passphrase , we can recover our backups , period . still , i really think that the developer should document a procedure about how to recover our own legitimate data ( we know the passphrase , so it is us ! ) from any computer with a decent crypto tools set ( read : openssl ) .
if you do not mind a small amount of simple programming , it is pretty easy to trigger actions from nfc using microsoft 's on{x} app ( yes , bizarrely this is a microsoft app that is only available on android ) . as long as you have already got the hardware support , this lets you trigger a whole lot of actions with an nfc tag , with an absolutely minimal amount of simple scripting . see their recent blog entry on nfc for some of what you can do .
the answer of cathrawn pointed me to the right direction ( thanks for that ! ) : it is possible with on{x} and a few lines of custom code . there you go : works great for now . i am going to dive into the on{x} api a bit in order to toggle the state and so disable settings again once i want to leave work .
i have been looking at llama . you can set actions based on conditions , and one of the selectable conditions is NFC tag detected . i have not tried this myself yet , but the program is pretty well thought out . highly recommended !
i have the same issue . i solved it by installing boeffla kernel and turning on ignore unstable power .
i have had this issue too from time to time , at one stage i had to turn my phone off to get a decent charge , i found that using a usb cable can slow down the charging time but as you mentioned your using a ac power source . how i resolved mine was buying a new battery , my battery was dated for 2012 and simply needed to go . new battery resolved my problem , and are fairly cheap !
i have noticed that changing the charger works in a few cases . the standard charger sometimes does not play nice with custom roms .
do you keep wireless or any other communication networks on while charging ? this can slow down the charging process .
the built-in gingerbread keyboard should support multiple languages , they can be selected from the Settings -&gt; Locale and Text -&gt; Gingerbread keyboard -&gt; Input Languages menu . after this , you will see the current language on the space bar and can roll through the languages by swiping left or right on the space bar .
there could be two reasons for this , i am assuming i know what sound you are talking about since you have not provided an audio example . you have sounds for phone sleep and phone awake in your settings and/or you have notification sounds enabled . you have skype installed with the notifications on for people login/logout , the logout makes a yawning sound . check this out and i guess one of them is your root cause : )
something that may be easier to install is bluestacks . i think it should meet your needs . edit : well . . . except it is not ics :p i would then go to sdk emulators . . .
recent versions of the sdk include a native x86 android image . ( http://developer.android.com/tools/devices/emulator.html ) http://android-x86.org offers a 4.0 image that can be run from virtualbox . http://androvm.org/blog/ offers a jellybean ( 4.1 ) image for virtualbox . note that performance may not be so great .
no , the tablet only fits into the transfomer keyboard/dock one way , with the screen closed against the keyboard when folded shut .
on sd card stored only application data , but some parts of applications are always stored on phone , so recovery is impossible - only reinstall .
solved : while the rageagainstthecage exploit is not working with the infuse , you can root it with the psneuter exploit . easiest way to do it is with the superoneclick application .
did you have a look at applications such as kioware and surelock kiosk lockdown ? these seem to be able to put your device to a kiosk environment . im certain there are more alternatives for this purpose out there . another option would be to implement your own home screen application . this answer from stackoverflow might help with that . cheers !
for a solution like a kiosk you would use dev hardware where you have full access to the hardware ( jtag for example ) and then you would push your own android build with root access enabled and then push the rom to the dev board . that said , for a kiosk type deployment you would not want root access available . therefore when you push your rom root would not be enabled . i think your confusing root access and an unlocked bootloader . by a dev board and learn how to build your own roms . : )
you can remotely install an app like plan b or androidlost from the play store website to try to recover the device 's location . your device has to be un-wiped for this to work , i.e. , your google account has to be active on the device and it needs to be registered with the play store . other than that you are likely out of luck unless you have google latitude enabled or some other security software . if you know your imei or other device identifiers you could try giving that to law enforcement or the the phone companies in your area , but in many areas there is no sort of coordinated effort to keep stolen phones from being re-used .
yes , very easily actually . to make your s3 emit a wifi network enable ' wifi tethering ' in System Settings-&gt;More-&gt;Tethering and Portable Hotspot-&gt;Portable WiFi Hotspot . configure the hotspot ( name , password etc ) , in the Setup WiFi Hotspot menu . to connect your tablet to the wifi network enter the tablets wifi settings , and turn wifi on . select the wifi network you configured on your s3 ) . select connect . if you setup a password , you need to enter it . other info if you do not see the wifi hotspot option , then your network has disabled it . if you are rooted you could use an app such as wifi tethering - just be aware that this will produce an ad-hoc hotspot , and stock android cannot connect to these types of hostspots . there is currently no way , afaik , to create a standard wifi hotspot without using the stock android tethering system .
i assume that you have 3G/LTE connection on your Galaxy S3 and want to use that connection on your Galaxy tab2 , so you would have internet on it . ok ! here is the solution : on galaxy s3: enable internet ( 3g/lte mobile data ) go to settings -> wireless and networks -> tethering and portable hotspot ( the path and names may be different on your phone ) enable portable wifi hotspot click on " Configure Wifi hotspot" and define a desired ssid and password for your network . now , on your galaxy tab 2: go to settings and enable wi-fi in the list of available wireless networks , find your wireless network created on galaxy s3 , and tap on it to connect enter password of the network you created on s3 and then it should connect to your galaxy s3 and use its internet connection . more info : http://support.google.com/android/bin/answer.py?hl=enanswer=168932 if your network ( sprint ) has disabled tethering on the phone , you may want to use 3rd party apps to enable tethering ( liam has pointed to one of them in his answer )
best way is to enable wifi tethering . bluetooth also works .
what i did is to root my samsung s3 and install a wifi tether apk file so i can get free internet on my samsung tab 2 .
samsung galaxy tab 2 and motorola photon you can get internet thru bluetooth
yes , you will lose root ( ota survival mode at root application does not always work ) . recovery loss depends on package , provided with upgrade ( it varies on availability of recovery . img ) .
if your phone is rooted , you can install market enabler from android market and choose another location . sometimes you may need to change the language settings on your device .
just go in downloads --> select other downloads ( and it will appear facebook build 141046 ) --> select it --> click cancel or settings--> apps--> all--> download manager--> force stop disable and clear cache then enable again
try : -long pressing the notification . -a small dialog that says " app info " will appear . -press " app info " -press " force stop " .
switch to the call you want to end , hit end . a few seconds later the other caller will " call you back " , which is actually just the other call resuming . it is weird , but that is how cdma signaling works . " it is not a bug , it is a feature "
it seems that old installation of locale was making problems ; since after uninstalling it problems disappeared . i still do not understand how is it possible for app to influence android systems so badly , since every app should run in it is own sandbox , but at least problem is solved .
you can change , first root your device . using file manager go to your root directory . open folder named " system " . in that open file named " build . prop " using text editor . search for option called lsd_display= ( after equals to enter your default dpi value and save the file . ) now reboot . done
all i know is to use odin on windows . if heimdall does not work , you will have no chance from osx . but there might be one solution : unpack your umage until you have a recovery . img file . put it on your rooted device . in the device shell as root type if=/pathtorecoverymimg of=/dev/block/platform/ , , , , , /by-name/recovery sync , reboot to do a backup of the partition first is always a good idea . just do it the other way round to get a backup in a file . some devices automatically restore recovery on boot . try to reboot directly into recovery ( eventually disable automated recovery recovery using cwm recovery : )
if you are using ics or jelly bean , there is a free app called bluetooth auto connect that will automatically connect to devices you specify . from the looks of it , it was designed because some devices do not auto connect to any bluetooth devices ( let alone two ) . it will likely work for your phone as well , if you are running android 4 .
google talk was never on the android market . it should have come with your device if it was a " google approved " device , e.g. one that met their minimum requirements ( see this for the gingerbread requirements ) . the google apps that come pre-installed on devices are usually not listed publically on the market . an exception is maps , for example , which is not preloaded on some devices either . you should look under your app drawer for " talk " ( rather than " google talk " , it is easy to miss if you look for that instead ) . if it is not there it can probably be side-loaded if you root your device , but that is another issue .
try checking this link out there are a list of media players that may work for you if you have not tried them already . top 10 media players for android phones
there is an app called " just playlists " that states the " none repeating shuffle " as one of its features : http://www.androidzoom.com/android_applications/media_and_video/just-playlists_byqz.html
try trmp random music player . it has a great shuffle engine !
android scans your sd card . when it finds an mp3 playlist ( m3u file ) it looks for media files in the same path , if it does not find any , it deletes the playlist because it thinks it is empty . to stop this from happening create a file in the folder with the m3u file called .nomedia . this will tell the media scanner to ignore the content in the folder .
no , even though android is based on the linux kernel , programs for gnu/linux need to be ported to the android user-space environment . they usually require some source code changes , and to be compiled linking against the appropriate runtime libraries . you can find some command-line programs that have already been ported to android on open-source sites like github , but there is nothing like apt . the closest thing to an apt repository is f-droid , but that is mainly for gui apps : it is an alternative to google play for downloading open-source apps . i have already searched there and there is nothing like ps2pdf .
no . you can not easily install linux native application on an android platform . in order to do so you will have to compile your files with the linux kernel and not the java virtual machine that runs all your android applications .
no , you can not do this transparently . the dialer app talks directly to the TelephonyManager in android , which is integrated with the driver for the phone baseband . even if you could do this , it would only work for outgoing calls anyway : incoming calls would arrive at your phone , and by that point it is too late for an app to do something else with them . your best bet is installing a voip app and using that . you also have to tell all your wife 's contacts to use the voip number instead of her phone number ( or set up call forwarding with the carrier ) . but if you are having signal problems , it seems likely you will have just the same problem with voip , unless you are always on wi-fi .
the android dialer has sip capability , which should come pretty close to what you want . assuming you have a sip provider ( e . g . , callcentric ) , you can both send and receive calls over wifi/data using the native android dialer . you can configure the dialer to always make calls over sip when connected to wifi/data or to prompt you each time you make a call . i do not know how to select automatically based on the number , but you may be able to use tasker for that . instructions for configuring sip in the dialer are available here .
i do not know if this applies to the s4 but on my nexus devices it shows up on my pc as a ' drive ' but i can not access anything until the phone is unlocked ( the normal screen lock - pattern/pin ) . if you have a screen lock set it should not allow access to the device until you unlock it .
unlike REINDEX , the VACUUM command needs to create a new temporary file to work in . it then replaces the database file with this temporary file . this means that it needs write access , not only to the database file , but also to the directory it is in .
this a policy enforced by the server admin to control the access to mails . it is a normal behavior . the client just sticks to the exchange policies . in other case , it is the operators that want the client to behave in this manner .
i do not think this is a setting on your phone or has anything to do with data transfer or memory consumption ( at least as far as your device is concerned ) . i think this is a policy enforced on your exchange account . exchange activesync allows account administrators to define policies on how email is delivered to and stored on your device . specifically , an email retention policy called maximum email age specifies the maximum number of days of email items to synchronize to mobile devices . according to microsoft , exchange 2013 allows the following options for this policy ( emphasis added ) : all , oneday , threedays , oneweek , twoweeks , onemonth htc has a pdf document that outlines the supported microsoft exchange policies in htc sense ( sense is your phone 's stock ui ) and this policy is supported by your device . it would seem as though your account 's administrator has set this policy to only allow three days ' worth of email storage . justifications for this kind of policy vary ; i recommend contacting your account administrator ( or whoever operates the exchange system you use ) .
is the sip functionality really gone for good from the optimus 4x ? actually , lg really seems to think their ( european ? ) customers do not need sip . most likely official argument will be that carriers either exclude sip usage from their mobile data plans ( at least here in germany , many do ) . so they removed it . ooops . that was only half true : they removed it from the obvious places , that is . you might not find it in the settings . but luckily , they just removed the link to the settings screen -- all the code still seems to be there ! ah ! still available ! so how to access it ? i found it more accidentally while playing with apex launcher . long pressing on a free space on one of the home screens , like you want to add a widget , opens the expected menu . select " shortcuts " here . on top of the next screen you will find an item called " activities " , which i long ignored -- unfortunately ! but after a very interesting chat session with dan on broadcasts versus intents versus activities , i had to dig into this . and found that : activities of the phone app ( click images for larger variants ) the top entry in the first screenshot clearly reads sip settings -- so i added that shortcut to my homescreen . and what should i say ? yesss ! it is the long missed settings screen , from where you can configure your sip accounts ( and define whether you want the device to listen for incoming sip calls ) ! so if you miss something that should be there , this might be a place to look for it . besides , as reputated users as ase we are always told to watch out for hidden gems in new places -- so you might want to look further : list of apps with activities ( click image for larger variant ) you see , other apps have also activities they made freely available ( they might have even more which are kind of " private " to them ) . the numbers to the right tell you how much activities the corresponding app has made " public " . try them out ! you surely will encounter the one or other force-close when you try to start such an activity ( as it might expect parameters ) , but it cannot hurt . you might find other interesting things ! are there other ways to discover/call such activities ? sure , apex is not the only one . there are other apps available on the playstore which let you explore available activities , such as e.g. package explorer or stanley . and you also can use e.g. tasker to start your discovered activities . besides : with that , most of the " shortcut-apps " available on the playstore you will not need any longer this way . just inspect the settings app , which seems to declare each and every page it has -- so you can directly jump there from your newly created shortcut ! does this apply to the optimus 4x only ? for sure not ! this functionality should be available on any device . i just cannot promise you to find the sip settings on all of them . or anything else you have seen in above screenshots : )
that sip settings are hidden in " activities " below " telefon " , it took me a while to find it . creating a sip account was possible but it was not stored permanently . after closing the sip settings and opening it again it is gone . still using vimtura vimphone as sip dialer . lg p880 fw v . 20b , android 4.1.2
perhaps this was the problem ? ( from the forum thread you posted ) : originally posted by prbgd i am totally confused now . i just got confirmation from asus a few days ago . the tech person there said the gps ( us model ) will not work if there is no wifi . this is a firmware issue . it may be fixed in next firmware update . update : after the latest firmware upgrade today , gps is working great now even without wifi . if that was not the problem : sometimes when i use my android device without cell signal it can take quite a while to get a gps fix . i think it might be a combination of it using cell towers to improve gps fix time , and having a connection to the internet to download gps assistance data . if you do have an internet connection when you are trying to get a gps fix , the gps status and toolbox app will let you download gps assistance data , which could possibly improve your fix time . just install the app , open it up , go to menu --> tools --> manage a-gps state --> download .
it definitely is a software configuration . there are 2 possible reasons for this problem : servers its contacting - when google maps on your tablet/phone contacts the gps satellites , its done through a special set of servers . sometimes , the manufacturer might have set the system to connect to a set of particularly busy servers . it has been shown that connecting to other servers with lower traffic can give dramatically faster lock on times . possible bug in the initial configuration - when the manufacturer was setting up the initial build configuration , an unintended bug could have been introduced . the solution to both can be done i believe through a simple fix in the gps . conf file but that would require root access . when i was running the stock firmware on my asus transformer , i was having the same problem . now i am running a custom rom and i have no troubles with lock on in google maps .
when the battery is low , the phone will turnoff services/processes , like sync , to save energy . it may help if the phone is kept charged .
2.2.1 was the big lag fix release on the galaxy s , that made a huge difference to the device 's speed compared to the previous 2.1 and 2.2 releases . to me , the gingerbread 2.3.3 feels very much the same to me as 2.2.1 did .
although they did not change the file system , they did make improvements and i am personally noticing significantly less lag on 2.3.3 coming from 2.2 .
from techie-buzz . com : [ o ] ne major disappointment with this firmware is that it still uses the rfs file system . the rfs fs is the major culprit behind all the lags and stalling issues which majority of the galaxy s owners face . if you want to fix your lag i recommend an ext4 lagfix . if you flash a kernel such as voodoo with odin , you do not even need to root first ( note that flashing it will void your warranty anyways though ) . this guide describes the process for an android 2.3.4 kernel for the sgs gt-i9000 . i use voodoo on my sgs vibrant and it is awesome .
maybe disabling the noise cancellation feature might work . . get a rooted file editor first , then from "/system/build . prop " change the "media.a1026.enableA1026=1" to "media.a1026.enableA1026=0" then do a reboot . see if your problem is solved . i simply suspect the android 's mic always gets enabled for the purpose of noise cancellation during calls/voice input . remember ! i do not hold responsiblilty for any failure . i suggest you make a backup and everything when you try this . source : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?p=6787214
i ended up using the backup verification codes . the backup methods are the only way to get back into your account if you have damaged your phone .
goto security tab of your google account settings and disable 2-step verification . then install the authenticator app now you can re-enable 2 step verification which should work normally .
there are huge differences between 1.6 and 2.2 . 1.6 is also a pretty old version of android . flash is only available for 2.2 and later , so if you have to have flash then you need to go with 2.2 . but the archos 43 does not have an fm receiver , the 48 has a receiver , and transmitter . the ui had big improvements in 2.2 compared to 1.6 . the ability to install apps on an external sdcard is also available on 2.2 , but i do not think you will really need that as the 48 says it has 500gb ( that seems like a lot for a device like that . . . ) . i have also read that it is possible to install froyo on the 48 . 3 . x is currently only available on select devices as they have to " partner " with google in order to have access to honeycomb ( 3 . x ) . so i would not expect to see an update on these devcies anytime soon for 3 . x .
android 2.2 also introduced a better just-in-time compiler , so the system runs quite a bit faster than before . features list here .
this is possible , if the phone is rooted . and i suppose it might even be worth doing if you can get an old g1 off craebayslist , but probably not with the device that is your " phone " . normally when you connect your android device to a computer ( or the tv ) and enable mounting , it mounts the sdhc card or non-removable equivelent . but that is not the only possibility . with some root level reconfiguration ( replacing vold ) the usb storage driver on the phone can actually be pointed at anything that looks sufficiently like a disk - ie , a physical disk , or a file containing a disk image . since there are also ways to get the linux underlying a ( rooted ) android device to mount a filesystem served over the network from your pc , you could now point the usb storage driver at a file on your pc containing a disk image of a fat filesystem containing the media you want to serve . ( there are some potential shortcuts to merge the steps , but it will be easier to get the pc-to-android and android-to-tv parts working separately first ) you would still have to create disk image files on your pc much like you now copy things to usb sticks , but you could automate that and only eat up hard dive space having duplicate copies in the images , and you would not have to physically move the usb stick .
there are definitely android dlna clients and servers which will allow you to share or receive videos or other media over a wireless network , see these previous questions : dlna enabled media player ? what can i do with dlna on an android smartphone ? can i get dlna on my droid ? what is the android answer to air video server ? if you have a tv with a usb port , you should definitely be able to mount your phone 's sd card as a drive and play the files on it ( assuming they are encoded with codecs that your tv understands ) . also if you have a phone with video or hdmi out functionality you can play videos direct to the tv over a video or hdmi cable . but , i do not think you will be able to do things quite the way you describe . i do not know of any tvs that will mount a usb device as anything other than a mass storage device ( usb drive ) or a network adapter ( normally only specific manufacturer approved adaptors ) , and it sounds like you want to stream movies via your phone rather than just play them from its storage . one problem you are going to face is that on an unmodified android phone the moment you mount your phone as mass storage to one device ( eg your tv ) it is no longer accessible to other apps on your phone ( such as whatever 's receiving it from your pc ) . tl ; dr three realistic options : plug phone into pc copy movies onto sd card , unplug phone , plug into tv play as files if your phone has tv-out , video-out or hdmi-out , plug your phone into the tv that way instead of usb and then either play from its storage , or from a streaming video client if your tv is network connectible , use a dlna client on your phone ( see above question links ) to push the movie from a dlna server on the pc ( eg windows media player on win 7 , or twonky server ) to a dlna compatible , network attached tv ( or media streamer box attached to tv ) .
you are looking for some fairly advanced features . have you considered using a virtual pbx like freeswitch to manage your incoming calls instead ?
i believe this is a problem of the rom itself ( android 2.2 in ace ) . even with only the basic applications it would show the same error . anyway this problem is solved for me . i upgraded my phone to android 2.3.4 . after that , up to now ( nearly 5 month ) i have not come across that problem .
i believe this is a problem with samsung 's ui , touchwiz ; i experienced this on a couple roms for my galaxy s . i do not know of any way to fix it without replacing your rom , but i did find that going to Settings -&gt; Wireless and network -&gt; WiFi settings and toggling wifi there seemed to work . settings is a standard android os app and thus bypasses whatever problem touchwiz has when you try to toggle the wifi from the notification area .
i did have a problem a few months ago where i would keep getting an error when i tried to turn wifi on , which needed a reboot of the phone to fix . i traced it back to an app that i would installed recently , the app in question monitored the wifi connections and did funny things ensuring you connected to specified wifi points when they were available . after i uninstalled the app the problem went away ( the app in question was the bt fon app , in case you have the same one ) . so it is probably worth thinking about when the problem first started , and then working out which apps that have anything to do with wifi you may have installed or updated around that time , and removing those apps for a few days to see if it helps .
you can try this , on the dial pad , enter *#*#526#*#* this will automatically load the wifi drivers . once you see that driver loading successful , you can then turn on the wifi and it might work . . .
try going into settings > language and input and configure the google keyboard . in there you can turn off ' auto-correction ' . this should stop it from changing the foreign words to english . you could also try adding additional dictionaries . this should allow you to enter words from different languages without it detecting them as mis-spelt english words .
android allows downloading of any file type irregardless of size ( fat32 formatted sd cards however allow only up to 4gb per file ) . many file explorers come with built-in zip support -- and again , many also offer access to network ressources via ftp , sftp , ftps , samba ( windows network ) , and more . some good examples for these include : es file explorer file manager : compress and decompress zip files , unpack rar files , can create encrypted ( aes 256 bit ) zip files [ . . . ] ; samba , ftp , bluetooth , dropbox , box .net, sugarsync , google drive . . . astro file manager / browser : zip/ tar ; bluetooth and samba ( via addon ) , sftp , and ( explicitly mentioned ) a downloader total commander : zip and unzip , unrar ; bluetooth ; ftp and webdav ( via addon ) of course they offer a wide range of additional features . downloading then either takes place using the file managers network capabilities to browse the resources and copy the file ( as you are probably used to with file managers on your computer ; on windows , total commander is already widely known and used ) -- or , alternatively , using the web-browser , which then stores the file on disk . once on the local file system , the mentioned file managers offer you to open/extract the archives ( a zip file is an archive ) either when directly tapping on the file , or via its context menu ( usually opened on tap-and-hold the file entry ) . should be pretty easy and self-explaining -- though some of the file managers also offer tutorials / online help / inline help to guide you : es file explorer help topics es file explorer support forum astro file manager introductional video astro file manager getting started guide total commander beginners tutorial total commander advanced tutorial
yes , provided you have got an application to deal with zip files , you should be just fine : winzip for android by default there is already apps within your os to deal with zip files : best is access a zip file thru your browser , download an open one . a window should pop-up , with some recommended apps already on your system .
the power consumption is not noticeable . even a tiny watch battery can run a small led for a few days continuously . increasing the blink rate will not change the power consumption at all : what makes a difference is how long the " on " part of the blink is compared to the " off " part . this is called the duty cycle of the led . most led controllers use the duty cycle to control the brightness of the led ( because leds are not sensitive enough to voltage ) , so even when the led appears to be on continuously , it is actually blinking faster than you can see . you can see this by waving the phone around in a darkened room : instead of tracing a continuous line in the air ( like a sparkler or torch does ) , it looks like a dotted or dashed line . if you can keep the waving speed constant , and measure ( or estimate ) how long the dashes are compared to the gaps , you know the duty cycle . the only reason for the led to blink is a human one : to make it more eye-catching , so you can see when you have a message ( or whatever ) .
in handcent you can set delay settings for individual contacts . i am pretty certain if you set this then the global setting will not override it so maybe you have set the delay to 0 on some contacts . hope this helps .
it is not possible to limit an account to not send emails . the only solution i can think of is to sync the main account ( the one for calendar and contacts ) and a second account for email . in the gmail application , you have to set it to default to the second account when the application is open . in the calendar , you have to set the application to open the calendar of the main account .
the contacts app and the phone app work as one , however the contacts app should allow you to make a call using any app that uses the call broadcast receiver . ensure that the standard phone/dialer app is not set as default : uninstall set default go into Settings-&gt;Apps-&gt;All-&gt;Dialer (or Phone) scroll down and select Clear Defaults . go back into the contacts app , and select a contact to call . it should ask you which app you want to use . select Go Dialer and select to always use that by default .
any dialer customize the things that are come before you press dial button . after pressing the dial button it can only use the stock interface .
i am afraid that is something the android system does not provide by default . but you might take a look at e.g. zakus wifi profiles , which lets you create profiles by access point ( android itself has only global settings here , which would apply to all wifi aps you connect to ) : as i never used this myself , i am not sure whether it only deals with static ips , or can handle dhcp with special settings as well . the app description does not explicitly state this . alternatively , ip manager might prove helpful . it says to manage different ip profiles for different access points , but unfortunately gives no closer details ( and the screenshots do not tell that much ) . still worth a try , as it sounds promising .
this is an issue i have as well , it lies with the apps , whose settings override the default ringer and vibration settings . in order to completely disable vibrations you will have to disable them in settings > sound , and individually in each app . twitter app you will have to go to settings > and there is a notification settings sections that allows you to disable vibration . as an aspiring developer , it will be my goal to default to system settings but allow for customization , as it should be . . .
virtually all android devices have the developer options menu . this is stock android ; a carrier or device manufacturer would have to explicitly remove it . if they did , the hue and cry from actual android developers would be very loud ; some might even refuse to develop for such a device , which would have a negative impact on device sales . in ice cream sandwich , it is grown lots of extra options , as you have noticed . the developer options are mostly useful to actual developers , though some of them are useful to power users . for instance , " usb debugging " allows a user to control their android from their pc with adb ; that could be anything from side-loading an apk to rooting the device . privacy fanatics will appreciate " allow mock locations" ; when this option is on they can use simple apps to generate false geolocation data . and my personal favorite is " stay awake " which prevents the phone from sleeping or blanking the display while it is on the charger . if you are having a problem with these options getting enabled while the device is in your pocket , as in your other question , consider using a screen lock . in jelly bean , developer options must be enabled explicitly and a warning dialog appears if you try to enable developer options . this will help prevent you from enabling them accidentally in your pocket .
summing up from the comments : there are multiple possibilities . while not all of them might work , you still might give them a try : narayanan writes : some device can be flashed by booting through goldcard . read many questions that are related and find with google how you can prepare a goldcard for your device . according to lie ryan , this will not be feasible for you , as it only applies to some htc devices . recommendation from ce4: adb shell mount -t tmpfs none /sdcard then adb push update.zip /sdcard/ . after that you can install the update regularly ( maybe you need to enable adb first in the settings . this procedure creates a temporary tmpfs filesystem at /sdcard . you use it to just-in-time upload your update to it via adb , cwm will not notice that it is not the regular sdcard which is mounted and will be fine ) this should work fine for you , provided you have usb debugging active or are at least able to activate it .
you are out of ram i think . clean the ram memory in task manager . use any other apps like advanced cleaners which you can easily find in play store to remove other junk files . post what happened .
are you trying to play in a browser ? i have found that is not supported but playing in an android app using the native mediaplayer should work .
nexus 7 does not support ums ( usb mass storage ) out of box . but , it supports file transfer by mtp ( media transfer protocol ) . mtp allows you to push and pull any type of files from sdcard , but it does not allow you to edit files directly on sdcard ( like you do with ums mode ) . from your screenshot , it looks like your nexus 7 is connected with ptp ( photo transfer protocol ) , also known as camera mode . switch to mtp mode and do whatever you want . also make sure your pc os supports mtp .
the notification bar uses the global date format . so , just switch to the desired format from Settings ~> Date and time ~> Select Date Format . for the lock screen , use a lock screen app . search the play store , you can find many .
no . users are not allowed to write to the /system folder/partition . any sort of exploit or method that would allow this partition to be writable is equivalent to root access on the device . some other examples besides root are : " rooted recovery " which is a recovery partition that has more features than the standard android recovery ; an " engineering " ( htc ) or unlocked ( everyone else ) bootloader ; or a file-permissions exploit , which at that point you might as well put su and SuperUser.apk on the phone anyway . . .
undeleted my answer , though it is incomplete . i am aware that even with root access , there are certain things a rooted app can not do . elixir 2 , for example has a system add-on which allows the gps toggle to turn on gps directly through its widget . without this , the gps toggle opens the screen for you to turn on the gps manually . maybe someone else can explain . an app is either a user app or a system app . a user app is stored in the /data folder , while a system app is stored in the /system folder . to access either folder , you need root access . giving a user app root access means it can perform actions that requires root access , such as accessing / modifying system files . but what makes a system app unique is that it does not get deleted if you do a Factory Reset . it becomes part of the android operating system . related questions : what are the differences between a system app and user app ? permission is only granted to system app , in manifest - see the answer here
since wireless charging actually stops charging at 100% , daydream will not stay active . there is a open issue for this at https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=48980 as a workaround , you can root your phone and , go to a command prompt and type the following : su svc power stayon true 
when you plug your phone into a pc , or other device that communicates with the phone , the phone uses a usb " data mode " , so to speak . in this mode , there is a 500ma maximum draw from the usb port . when you plug your phone into a regular ac wall charger , there is no data connection . the phone then uses whatever amperage is supported by both the phone and charger ( typically between 500ma and 2.1amps ) there are usb charging cables that have the data pins re-wired to disable a data connection . this makes the phone think it is plugged into a regular ac charger , and allow more than 500ma to flow . that does not mean the usb port has more than 500ma to begin with . typically , usb ports on pcs have 500ma , or usb 3.0 ports may have 900ma . theoretically this is safe because it is just disabling a data connection . it is not using more power than it should . phone 's are designed not to accept more amps than it can handle . there are also apps that allow for fast charging by forcing the phone into using the ac charging mode instead of data . however you still need a compatible kernel or it will not work . ( for standard users , changing the kernel is a complicated and risky procedure . ) please note that there are reported cases of people 's phones not supporting regular data modes after attempting to activate fast charge via an app ( notably the nexus 4 ) .
android itself does not provide such a facility ( as to my knowledge ) . but there are a bunch of web servers available in the playstore . a german overview on androidpit sums up some of them ( grouped into suitable targets ) : webserver ( google translate 's english variant : webserver ) . some examples include static content webservers like e.g. kws - android web server and servdroid . web , plain " http file servers " like file expert and wifi file transfer , more complex things even offering scripting support such as paw server for android , or all-in-one solutions like servers ultimate .
if you mean enable web server on phone - there a lot of servers on market , but for file transfer ( s ) ftp is more usable . es file explorer last versions support this , as example , or wifi filetransfer , that less functional on device , but easier for use ( freeware version has 4 mb file size limit ) .
this android police post has a link to the current market version ( note it is the standard market , not the tablet version which only works on honeycomb ) . if you download it from your device you should be able to use your appinstaller to install it from /mnt/sdcard/download/ .
as an alternative , you can get apps from 1mobile market instead : download the apk from cnet to your pc . when it asks you if you want to open or save , save it , and remember where it is saved . then connect your tablet to your pc/laptop via usb go to where you have saved the file and right click it , then send to your android . on your android you will find a new icon called '1mobilemarket ' . use this to download apps instead of google play .
answer from vi . su . in comments ( to make it clear for other users ) found out solution to this problem . in fact , this is not a problem at all . nfc device in the nexus phones is the source for this sound . when placed near a rfid / smartcard , it actually tries to read it aloud . galaxy nexus nfc weirdness
technically you do not " run linux on android " . in fact , every android device runs " under " linux ( that is , android uses the linux kernel ) . what happens when you install a linux distribution ( i think that is what you meant by refering to linux ) on android is that the android os and the linux dsitribution share the same kernel . even if you replace the android installation with a pure ( gnu/ ) linux one , the used kernel is " the same " . therefore the hw api calls are identical , and you can access the hardware from e.g. python without any difference .
try using a system monitor tool that shows the activity of the disk/processes . in windows you can use resource monitor , other systems , such as linux vary . the general idea is to know that there is some data being read/written from the system to the android device .
there is problem with the mtp driver in windows xp . it will connect in ptp mode thats why it is showing as camera . you can search in microsoft forum for enabling mtp but still not sure whether it will work or not . change the os or install sony pc companion
if you have upgraded from gingerbread , android 4.0 does not allow for direct mounting of the phone memory/sd . this means that your phone will show up as either a media player or camera .
you probably have the phone set to connect in ptp mode . when you connect , there should be a notification that you have connected to a computer . open that notification and it should allow you to select a different mode , usually either msc ( mass storage , used on pre-4.0 ) or mtp ( media transfer , 4.0 and newer ) . alternatively , look in the settings for a usb connection mode option .
press the power button on the device . all phones should have them and they are usually the buttons that lock the screen as well . if you happen to not have a lock button you can change how quickly android will lock the screen on idle in settings . the way to change this varies from different flavors of android .
i do not think we can do this just by installing an app . i mean , we can not define our new app as default app for making/receiving calls . so , i think it is in rom developer 's hand . only they can replace it with custom one , afaik .
take the dialer from your old stock rom , extract from the zip , and install in new rom . you will need the app "/system/app-mover " , free from playstore , to move stock rom dialer into the system . goto settings> apps and disable custom rom dialer . your running a custom rom so this should work , i did this on my htc . if this does not work out right , just reverse the steps . no damage to the system .
try this : menu - settings - content settings - website settings from there you can clear data for individual sites . if that does not work , maybe look into remote usb debugging : https://developers.google.com/chrome-developer-tools/docs/remote-debugging
you can not clear website settings . this is a major oversight in my opinion .
check out this application to know whether it has camera/hardware problem - system info droid it provides whole summary of the device .
the main difference is that the launcher screen contains all installed apps on your system . you cannot order it nor do anything but using the icons to access any application . in the main screen you can : add shortcuts to applications ( icons like the ones in the launcher screen ) , you can place each icon in the place you want . add widgets that provide rich functionalities like clocks , calendars or weather access . if you want to compare your phone with a computer , launcher screen is the equivalent of start menu in windows , while the main screen ( s ) are the equivalent to the desktop .
according to this changelog the upcoming f-droid version 0.71 should support this . another mention of this is in : https://github.com/whispersystems/textsecure/issues/127#issuecomment-51065857
almost every f-droid app is signed with a different key , though all keys are in the same key store . in order for the switch to be bypassed , f-droid client would have to be installed as a system app and made to work safely as such . some code has been supplied for this to work , but it has not been integrated yet .
sorry , without root , is probably not possible . with your device 's os version and the fact that you want to capture an overlay ( video playback ) , even harder . prior to android 3.0 , screenshots were taken using the framebuffer , that is accessed by opening the /dev/graphics/fb0 device . this location requires root access , and even with root may not work for all devices . some devices use a pair of framebuffers and toggle between them . additionally , and more related with your current problem , the framebuffer does not contain surfaces in an overlay ( often the case with video playback ) . that is the reason as to why you do not get the video , only the application frame . support information by developers on stackoverflow by this answer and this answer .
you first priority is probably to clean-up downloaded files , cached files , old apf ( installation ) files to give yourself more room and operate more efficiently . you can clear cache individual applications through settings > applications > clear cache . use any file explorer to remove files no longer needed or no longer wanted from your downloads . each browser normally has its own downloads folder . " sd maid " includes a file explorer if you do not already have a separate application . you can clear cache files much quicker by installing " clean master " get rid of " junk files " such as cached files " sd maid " . some items within are " overview " help to see what you are working with . " corpslefinder " find and delete files sd maid believes belong to your old/deleted applications " appcleaner " is a premium feature so you can use " clean master " to get rid of cached files , would need to mount your removable sd card , and once mounted , you would have to unmount the card before you physically remove your card . settings > storage > external sd card > mount/unmount sd card . you have to set default storage individually per application . some applications would slow down everything if they used your removable sd card storage , such as " play store " , and applications that start at startup . to move an application to your sd card : settings > applications > choose application > " move to sd card " to choose applications : settings > applications > on sd card http://www.tomshardware.com/faq/id-1772970/set-default-download-location-card.html http://forums.androidcentral.com/t-mobile-galaxy-s-ii/137116-can-i-set-external-sd-card-default-media-storage.html
are you having any screen guards in the new screen ? because low cost screen guards also can cause this . i had the similar issue in my nexus 7 after applying the new screen guard . also other possibilities are like user2541963 mentioned , if you are having a charger that is overcharging the phone , while charging the phone wont respond .
its not the malfunctioning in the screen but when you disconnected your screen , phones default values/drivers got messed up and are unable to find the new or the old screen driver you connect . visit xda forum thread you can fine more info on that . btw is it happening when you connect charger ?
as you asked for a calibration tool : the playstore seems to have some suitable candidates , e.g. touch sensitivity calibration . but while this might be helpful , the permissions look quite suspect : the only job of the app is screen calibration , but it requests permissions such as accessing your contacts , call phone numbers , read and send sms/mms , and more -- according to a screenshot on the apps page at google play . funnily , the permissions tab says differently : no permissions required . . . so i would give it a try , and abort installation in case those permissions really turn up .
open instagram . . . then go to " edit your profile " and then delete your mobile number from your profile . . . hope it helps . .
i had this same issue . turning off all notifications in instagram did not help - this is actually a twitter notification from following instagram on twitter .
just text " stop " to the number sending you those annoying messages . worked for me !
if you are following instagram on twitter , either unfollow them , or " turn off " text notifications on twitter
here is the way i used to do it ( make sure all of your contacts are backed up to google ) : delete all non google contacts . add contacts to phone that you do not want to appear . delete the contacts from google that you just added to your phone . in you contact book : menu button > contacts to display > google only now your contact book will only show your google contacts , but your phone contacts will show up if the person calls you . this is a little inconvienent if you like to use both your google and phone contacts for different things . note : this process can be reversed to get the opposite effect ( store main contacts on phone , store contacts of people you do not want to see on google ) .
go to settings , wireless networks , wifi settings then uncheck notify me for open networks . this solved the problem for me : )
perhaps its just hidden . click menu unhide
gsmarena 's listing for the htc explorer does not indicate a compass , and this post on an htc forum concurs . without a compass in the device , compass apps obviously will not work .
when google cloud messaging receives a message from google , it sends a broadcast to the related app . the app can receive this broadcast even if no service was running , and it can respond by starting a service , or by creating a notification from within the broadcast receiver itself . part of the android developers ' documentation explains the process step-by-step . there is a lot of detail there that you only need to know to write an app that uses google cloud messaging , but it might help satisfy your curiosity .
aside from izzy 's suggestions , i also find clean master helpful in cleaning unecessary files / cache . check it out . : )
you can stop this notification from showing up , but you will need root and xposed framework installed . so this solution is only for experienced android user . http://repo.xposed.info/module/com.mohammadag.disablecleardefaultsdialog
this behavior may be caused by power management features , and does not indicate a problem . try installing android terminal emulator on the phone and pinging either the router or a normal pc ( not another phone ) by running ping -c 10 &lt;address&gt; from there . you should notice that ping results in this direction are better . ( note that without the -c &lt;n&gt; option you will need to figure out how to send ctrl+c to the terminal to stop ping ; it is possible to use a volume button as ctrl if your keyboard does not provide such a key . ) the difference between pinging a phone from another device and sending pings from the phone itself is that when the phone itself sends ping requests , it is active and can receive the ping response without any significant delay . however , when you attempt to ping the phone from another device , the phone is most likely is in some low-power state , and waking it up can take noticeable time . wi-fi also has some powersaving features ( e . g . , the access point can buffer packets directed to a mobile device and transmit them only according to a specified schedule , so that the mobile device can stay in a low-power state between these scheduled polls ) . because of all these powersaving features you cannot make any conclusion about the wi-fi link quality just from ping results you show , unless you either turn off any powersaving during the test ( see below for an example in my tests ) , or at least perform testing from the phone side . here is what i see when pinging my samsung galaxy w ( gt-i8150 ) using the unofficial cyanogenmod9 rom , when the phone is idle with the screen off : as you can see , the results look pretty bad . however , when i start android terminal emulator and select the take wifilock command in it , then turn off the screen again , i get significantly better results : and if i repeat the same test with the screen on , ping result is even better : ( for some reason , releasing the wifilock and even closing the terminal emulator does not restore the original behavior , until i turn wi-fi off , then back on probably there is a bug somewhere . ) running ping from the phone itself gives about 12ms average rtt without taking the wifilock , and 1.95ms after taking the wifilock so even when testing from the phone side the effect of wifilock is significant .
most apps save their settings and preferences to the internal memory . however , many apps are written to use the sd card for some storage as well . this is usually done to prevent taking up too much space on the ( often very limited ) internal memory . for example , many apps with " offline " mode ( e . g . news readers ) will place downloaded content onto a folder on the sd card . some apps handle disappearance of such cache from the sd card better than others . in most cases though , you can get away with clearing the app cache and data via Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications menu , then tapping on the app , and tapping " clear data " and " clear cache " buttons , if available . uninstall and re-install is a last resort option and should always work .
i believe it depends on how that app was using the sd card or if it was installed on it . if the app was moved to the sd card it will probably have to be uninstalled/reinstalled .
in my case , i am on android 4.2.2 so things should not be changed much on your environment . however , what i do , from settings> application/apps i get my all applications installed on my device . so , if any application supports to be moved on to sd card , i can simply move it by pressing the application icon> move to sdcard . if it does not help . try using link2sd . this should do your job .
can you visit this link with your phone ? market://details?id=org.mozilla.firefox  also you must note that : firefox is available for android phones ( 2.0 and above ) and the nokia n900 . the official page of firefox mobile gives also a list of supported devices that have been tested .
what model/os/screen size do you have ? firefox is not supported on all platforms . for example , i can get it on my nook with gingerbread , but can not find it on my froyo ideos with a tiny screen .
in settings , click default calendar to select a default calendar for new events . then , when you click new event , there is an option for calendars . make sure pc sync is selected and not exchange .
they are not anywhere . the logs you see in adb logcat are stored in a ring buffer in ram only . they are deleted when the phone is turned off . even while the phone is turned on , the oldest entries are continually overwritten by new entries , so that the log does not take up more and more ram the longer the phone runs .
the notification toggles are not part of standard android os ( ics , jelly bean , etc . ) some 3rd-party apps give this feature , although they are usually not very stable . custom roms like cyanogenmod and aokp provide this functionality as part of system settings .
these toggles are not part of android . third party roms like cyanogenmod and miui , and certain skins that hardware manufacturers put on android include that . if you want to have this functionality on a nexus running stock android you might want to try these two applications , i have used them both , and they are quite stable and useful . power toggles : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.painless.pc more quickly panel : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mabware.android.morequicklypanel
another app i would highly recommend is notification toggle .
i know this question question was already solved , but i have found another app that does exactly what you need : switchpro widget . maybe other users will be more comfortable using this app . you can fully customize as you want it to be . i am using it for some time now , and i really love it
you mean the antenna on in the internals of android handset , underneath the battery or nearby it ? if so - the short answer is no - am afraid ! the firmware and radio base-band is definitely off-limits , closed and proprietary .
done . no need to root . it is now an option in my app : powercall . let me know if you run into issues .
this may help : on my gn also running bb jb 4.1.1 if i want to silence it i will typically hold the volume control down until it gets into vibrate only mode . then i have to down again to turn that off . so even that is a two step process and it may just be the nature of the bugless beast . : )
it is simple . download the whatsapp messenger app on to your tablet . it is free for a whole year , then you pay $1/year to keep using it . by default , whatsapp is not compatible with tablets , but there is a work-around for that . . . . . . right here you can also try line , which is another messenging app . also . . . textplus has the least amount of work to setup ( it is compatible with tablets ) , but it allows you to send texts and make calls . though it is not as good as whatsapp or line i have also tried mightytext , which works just fine . not sure why it will not work for your phone . . .
use openwrt 10.03 or later . install the following modules : kmod-nls-base kmod-usb2 kmod-usb-core kmod-usb-net kmod-usb-net-cdc-ether kmod-usb-net-rndis kmod-usb-ohci kmod-usb-uhci  then edit /etc/config/network . under the wan configuration , change option ifname eth1 to option ifname usb0 . then enable usb tethering on the phone and reboot the router . this article has some information about how to get the configuration smoother so you do not need to reboot the router each time you want to tether . this article has a simpler way .
the best way to 4.3 may be unrooting and flashing the stock recovery image . i used the nexus root toolkit 1.6.4 to install 4.3 on a galaxy nexus having some minor problems . i would suggest waiting for nrt 1.6.6 which will have full support for 4.3
if you have root , i really recommend you titaniumbackup !
i heard dropbox is a good alternative , but i have not tried it myself .
firmware definitely will not affect the quality of gps reception ( atleast in case of original roms , as homebrew roms might have some bugs - even then it is either the fact that the gps fix might take longer than usual or the gps does not work at all . not associated with accuracy . ) what affects gps reception is the quality of the signal . you tend to get a better and a faster gps fix if you are in the open rather than in a closed building . i have seen that foursquare and google maps always point at the same location . ( no brainer . )
go to Settings -&gt; Language and Keyboard and select the default android keyboard .
i do not think there is a way to do this with this phone . the droid razr m does not support mhl , and its android version is too old to have the feature of mirroring the screen to a chromecast . you could still use chromecast to send specific video ( i.e. . from movie players , presentation apps , or youtube ) to anything that has hdmi input , but not to mirror the whole screen . note that the phone 's screen itself does not use a high-level protocol like vga or hdmi , so you can not simply take the screen off , cut its ribbon cable , and wire a vga screen in its place .
i do not you are running out of available ram . you should try using a memory booster like go task manager to clear some up .
mainly there should not be any hardware problems if the unit was tested correctly . for other information you can use this application that has also power monitoring for gps .
there is a mode in cyanogenmod and other roms called " expanded desktop " . if your phone is in expanded desktop mode , then the navbar will not be visible ( the notification bar may also be hidden , depending on your settings ) . the easiest way to check if you are in expanded desktop is to try toggling it . simply long-press the power button to get cyanogenmod 's expanded power menu , then tap " expanded desktop " to toggle it . if your buttons showed up after doing this , then you are set ! if not , it is something else .
maybe you upgraded instead of a clean install . it will just continue with the settings made earlier . take a backup and factory reset . that will surely get back those buttons .
first , you can decide what data you want to sync with google . in the accounts settings , you can disable contacts sync , and so only sync your calendar data , which would solve one of your items . concerning sms , there are several backup and restore apps available on the market . the probably most popular one is sms backup and restore . second item solved . as for your apps settings , and " etc " -- that will get a bit more difficult . if your devices are both rooted , it could be done using titanium backup . without root it is almost impossible -- except for those few apps using the google backup api ( you can decide to have your " data " backed up to google servers in your device 's settings ) . as each app runs in its own sandbox , without root no other app can access its data .
a workaround at least while in the main launcher home screen is to press menu and then notifications . else get hellostatusbar and assign it to a shortcut key . you can also try status bar expander which uses a long-press on the menu key to drop the bar wherever you are . naturally , ymmv as certain devices do not support these apps .
z-device test may show your sensor output : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=zausan.zdevicetest possible reasons : some aftermarket display protectors may cause that an earlier android release only switched the screen off via proximity sensor when held vertically . this would have prevented your described problem . ( see http://www.guytechie.com/articles/2012/1/22/galaxy-nexus-slow-proximity-sensor.html ) . maybe this behaviour has been reverted . if you updated just before noticing this problem , you might have to switch back or wait for another update to fix that again . installing a 3rd party update like cyanogenmod9 might also fix your problem .
the problem ended up being transient ; i rarely restart my phone . somehow it got stuck in ' on call ' mode , so the proximity sensor was enabled despite nothing being running . a reboot resolved the silly issue .
actually , i believe samsung has suspended the 4.3 update for now . have a look here .
connector a seems a u . fl-r-smt-10 and probably is for an external/additional antenna . u . fl , is a miniature coaxial rf connector for high-frequency signals up to 6 ghz manufactured by hirose electric group in japan . 1 u . fl connectors are commonly used inside laptops and embedded systems to connect the wi-fi antenna to a mini pci card . female u . fl connectors are not designed with reconnection in mind , and they are only rated for a few reconnects before replacement is needed . the female u . fl connectors are generally not sold separately , but rather as part of a pigtail with a high-quality 1.32 mm doubly shielded cable , which allows for a low-loss connection . ( from wikipedia )
as @axeman said , the connector is an ultra small surface mount coaxial connector ( quite a mouthful and still could not get how it was abbreviated as u . fl ) which is a kind of expansion port which could be used for any radio communication , including gsm , wifi , gps . and as @lie ryan said , the fourth terminal in the battery is for connecting the antennae in the battery to nfc circuitry on the motherboard . few searches in google confirmed this and gives raise to following information : those who have nfc in their phones , may lose the nfc capabilities if they try to replace with cheap and duplicate batteries which may not have the nfc antennae as said here . i am summing up all the points to make this question as answered . i was unable to accept @axeman 's answer as complete as it did not answer the nfc part and @lie ryan had added as a comment only . kudos for them both ! update : i happen to get hold of lg p500 's service manual which confirms the rf connector with the following image tagged as sw1001 .
i am using a htc hero and when i had to unroot my phone , i found the ruu for my phone . this in simple terms is a restore to your phone which the service provider uses to restore the phone to absolute stock . i would check and see if you could not find the ruu to your specific phone ! good luck !
using the trackball or d-pad for this is pretty accurate . you can easily go up , down , left and right with it .
if you use swype you can move the cursor by swyping from the swype symbol to the sym key . that brings up a screen where you can do easy cursor movements and text selection . also , you can correct words easily by double-tapping on a word ; this will bring up the word choice box .
yes - if you touch into the text on a word and hold , you will usually get a small magnifying glass bubble just above your fingertip that will allow you to drag your finger and change the cursor point . i say usually because sometimes pressing and holding will bring up the " edit text " menu that gives you the options to " select all " , " copy " , etc . if this happens , just exit out of the menu and try again .
touchpal input method has a ( similar to swype ) feature to do cursor movement , copy , cut , paste functions . you need to long press on the " edit " key ( that is the one to left of the space button , with the pencil icon ) and you will get cursor movements and edit keys keyboard .
any micro usb cable that has the capability of charging your phone does excactly that . i found a link on usb powering . the source is from 2005 but the issue remains the same . some cables do charge your device due to a sufficient power flow through the cable while others do not .
for what it is worth , i purchased a generic microusb cable on amazon for like $2 , which was advertised as being for blackberry users , and it works just fine on my incredible . i use it as my charger at the office .
my un-technical answer is no . i have a microusb ac adapter for a bluetooth headset that charges my headset just fine but will not charge my phone for some reason . i also have a retractable miniusb cable to connect to the computer with and it is fine for data but it also fails to charge my phone .
i would say it depends on the cable , but you have a fair chance to get your phoned charged . i have tested htc hero with 3 types of usb cable ( universal , bought with my pocket hdd and bough with my dvd-drive ) , 2 types of a gps charger and one type of a gps car charger . all worked well . : )
use another launcher ( for example , nova launcher ) .
edit : just came across kitkat launcher , a clone of the stock kk launcher with some mods . more info on their xda thread . jboi explained : unless you write you own homescreen launcher or use an existing one from goolge play , there is no way to resize icons . well , no way does not mean its impossible : as said , you can write your own launcher as discussed in stackoverflow . you can resize elements on the home screen , but these elements are appwidgets . since api level 14 they can be resized and user can - in limits - change the size . but that are widgets not shortcuts for launching icons .
sms works on any phone . on android , your phone will have an sms client built-in ( probably called " messaging " , but it varies between manufacturers ) , and you can also choose from many third-party sms clients . as well as plain old sms , there are many instant-messaging systems that work on android and iphone , and other platforms too . your iphone-using friends may well have one or more of these installed already . some examples are skype , jabber , whatsapp , google hangouts , and facebook chat . what you describe as " apple messaging " is probably what apple calls itext : it is the sms app on iphone . it also has its own closed chat system built-in , so that if it knows the recipient of an sms is an iphone , it'll silently send the message through apple 's servers instead of through the sms system . it still uses sms for people on other phones , so you do not need to worry about being exiled .
you mention imessage , which is important to understand that it is a proprietary solution from apple . there is no way to communicate with imessage from android , and there probably never will be . that said , there are a very large amount of third party cross-platform messaging apps , and if your friends and family would accept getting these ( they might already use them ) , you could communicate via these . there are probably hundreds of them , but some of the most popular ones include whatsapp and viber  both of which offer iphone as well as android versions of their software . the obvious strengths of any kind of im software like this , whether it is imessage , whatsapp or viber , is that all of your data is sent via your data plan , or even via wifi if available . you will be able to send images without paying an mms fee , you will be able to send audio without being charged for a call ( voip ) and you will be able to send text without being charged for an sms ( via e-mail or im ) . there are no drawbacks as i see it , except for maybe backwards compability with non-smartphones , sms definitely has the edge there .
you dont need to rig your usb to enter download mode . you just need to hold vol up + home then plug your usb cable to your pc . if you have not started odin in flash mode or did not install bootloader drivers for the mini , download mode will not show up , and you will see only a black screen .
yes the xoom should stop transmitting as soon as the headset disconnects . ( although it may start playing out of it is own speaker ) . ( and in this case it would disconnect as it had ran out of battery and turned off ! )
i go running with my motorola droid and a bluetooth set of headphones ( motorola rokr s9-hd ) . when the headphones die , my phone will stop playing the music . so it basically acts the same way as removal of normal headphones . do note , that this does depend on the app 's behavior as the developer has to actually code in the listener for headphone removal . i know this because i have had to do it myself when writing a music app ( radio reddit ) . but most music apps i have seen have implemented this behavior in their apps .
i have a kindle fire i received as a gift and live in canada . the amazon app store is visible but you cannot download anything . it says " this service is unavailable in your region " the web browser works fine , as does downloading books from amazon . ca you can see the content for sale or borrowing in amazon prime , but get the same message .
just got a kindle fire as a gift . so far i have been more than disappointed . no apps no amazon prime membership . no cloud . no mp3 's no storage . yes facebook works . yes i can check my email . yes i can browse the web . bottom line is , if you are in canada , spend a few more bucks and get a tablet that you can use . . .
alternatively open up the play music app on your phone . using the menu navigate to my library . choose the album view . under the album picture is the 3 dots , press on them to bring up menu options , one of which is keep on device . press that to download the music to your phone . you can specify phone or sd card ( if available ) by going into the play music settings option and changing the storage location under the downloading options .
it is actually pretty simple but not obvious at first . create a playlist ( e . g . ' offline' ) open google play music on your android device and select the playlist check ' keep on device ' for the playlist go to http://music.google.com and add tracks to this playlist you device will download the tracks , even if you add them with the web interface
would not it be easier to just change the contract on the sim card to a data-only contract and let the phone company do all the blocking for you ? it would also save you paying for services you are not using .
based on a google search it is either an allwinner a13 tablet or one of it is clones , but i can not be sure , since the model number is pretty generic for cheap chinese tablets . some specs can be found on slatedroid .
super easy : go to all settings about device ( in my case about phone ) then you should see where it says Model Number that is your device . mine says : droid razr m as the model number ( not really a number but whatever ) . a quick google search will give you the specs you want . just search for your model + " specs " and you should be able to find it pretty easily . edit : if the model number did not give you enough info , try searching the model number along with the system version , it might give you more information . you could also use the screen size specified in the hardware information to narrow your results .
i used android system info app and it gave me a bit more hardware information ( cpu speed , cpu chip , etc . ) but nothing definitive about the manufacturer . . . i guess it will remain a mysterious an allwinner clone . . . thanks for the help , all . . .
download the app cpu identifier , it will tell you all thee info about your device
press and hold ( long press ) on the widget , then drag it to the remove/trash icon that will appear .
this is probably because you are viewing wikipedia 's mobile site . on the bottom of every page there should be a link to " view this page on regular wikipedia . " tap it , and after the page refreshes you should be able to resize/scroll it normally . if you like , you can also tap the " permanently disable mobile site " link to prevent being redirected to the limited mobile version of wikipedia .
it is most likely GT-N7105 , the international version . you can find the other models in wikipedia .
usb devices are designed to use a wide variety of voltages ranging from 500ma to 1500ma and have been standardized for quite some time . you can generally plug any usb device into any usb cable and into any usb port , and nothing will blow up . using a more powerful charger should speed up battery charging , while using a less powerful one will just charge slower . a good resource for this topic can be found here . as noted in that article , the only real concern is when charging an older phone with a newer charger , as the battery might not be able to handle the higher current . in your cause your using an older charger with a new phone , so your all good .
the play store does have an option in its central settings for controlling whether shortcuts on your home screen are automatically created for apps when you install them : you can get here by opening the play store , pressing the menu button on your phone ( or the " three dots " menu icon if you do not have a hardware menu button ) and select settings , you should then see the " auto-add widgets " setting that you can enable or disable .
go to the market and search for screen filter . it can get much dimmer than the brightness control by controlling the screen colors rather than just the backlight .
short answer : no . auto brightness is usually a battery waster . i like to use the brightness widget , it will let you turn on/off auto-brightness or with one touch adjust the brightness to one of several presets .
yes , it is a system process . other apps may use media storage to download , play , and stream audio/video . i do not know specifically which media apps actually uses them though . you might try to block it , and see if any functionalities in the media player you regularly uses stops working .
i attempted to get vnc options working , but they are all buggy . in particular the keyboard mappings and clunky and the screens never seem to render correctly . i even wrote to an author offering money for improvements but never got anything back . teamviewer 8 is the only solution i have found where it actually works the way it is supposed to ( i.e. . seamlessly ) . teamviewer is free for personal use , which is a bonus , but it is by far and away the best solution i have found . it properly supports the android home/nav keys and has complete and properly mapped support for keyboard input . to use it , install teamviewer 8 on your pc/mac , and " teamviewer quicksupport " on your android device . as far as i know , root is not required . no , i do not work for teamviewer .
as you already put it into your question : you might consider installing a vnc server on your mother 's device . admitted , most of them require root access , so this could be a problem . however , at least one claims to do without root : vmlite vnc server . but it comes at a cost : there is no free version available , so you'ld have to pay about eur 6 . to give you a closer idea , some quote from the app 's description : this app works on rooted and non-rooted android devices . however , for non-rooted devices , every time after turning the device completely off and on , you will have to connect your device to a windows pc or mac using a usb cable , then run a free desktop program , vmlite android app controller , to start the server on your device . once the server is started , you can disconnect your device . if you do not turn your device off ( but just let it " sleep" ) , then the server will continue running for months , if desired . as that should definitely work , there are some other apps which might be working as well : vnc server ultimate writes the app normally requires root but on some devices it works without root . , so you could give it a try -- it is free , and a paid version is available for just eur 2 .
i do not see how the " hover " effect can be practical on any touchscreen device , regardless of os . screens on most current mobile devices ( resistive , capacitive ) can only register touch events . you would need to modify the os to treat a single tap as a mouse pointer , and double-tap as a " click " . however other gestures like scrolling , pinch-to-zoom , etc . would most likely stop working with such a paradigm . also , most mobile versions of sites disable the fancy stuff like hover animations anyways , in order to load faster .
one way to trigger the hover on links is to long-press the link , wait for the menu to appear , and the press the back button to cancel the menu . this also works in some other browsers . note that this does not work on all links . just tried on the example you mentioned , does not work , probably because there is a slight delay between the onmouseover event and showing the menu . but on other pages , where it is a simple onmouseover trigger this method works .
if you are using a device ( usually a tablet ) with a usb port , you can plug in a mouse . the mouse cursor will trigger hover events .
you need to add a gesture for this . wiggle your finger over the button in question and it takes it as mouseover . not yet implemented afaik .
usually , with the multiuser feature , apps are not downloaded again ( but rather linked ; let 's skip technical details here ) . in your case the trouble is : your apps are not connected to google play , so i am not sure how that would be handled . however , here 's a way you definitely could do so . but it would require you to install one app from google play to handle it : login with your " owner account " get yourself appmonster free backup restore via google play start the appmonster , go into its settings , and check/configure the path it stores the backups to . for your goal , it should preferably be in a location accessible for the other users as well . now " back up " the apps you want to " transfer " . you might wish to include appmonster here as well . login with one of the " target users " use any file manager to navigate to the appmonster backup directory now you can simply " start " the .apk files , and the installer should pop up . as the backup directory structure might be a little confusing , you may wish to first install appmonster that way , and use this app itself to install the other apps ( after having configured the backup directory again ) . be aware this only handles the apps themselves , not their data . another variant , including the app data , could be utilizing adb backup and adb restore . to do this without a computer , you could use helium - app sync and backup . other than above variant , this creates backup archives ( *.ab ) of your apps , which then could be restored using the very same app . i have never tried that amongst multiple accounts , so i cannot guarantee it works . helium is available for android 4.0 and above ; but as you already use the multiuser feature , this should be no show stopper : ) note , however , that you would need to install helium also for the accounts you wish to restore to . and again : while i am pretty sure the appmonster variant will work , i cannot guarantee that helium works in this context . but it might be worth a try if you want to include the data with your transfer .
the error stating that the avd 's config is missing a kernel file is because when i checked the avd manager , the concerned avd had a red cross-mark against it ! once i repaired this avd i found that the error was eliminated !
make sure that your device has usb debugging enabled . what happens if you execute " adb devices " ? is it listed ?
buddy , i have micromax a-52 . it will not shows in eclipse on windows and linux-ubuntu but it is showing on linux-mint and mac-machines . i have not tried on any others yet . so its might not the problem with your eclipse and system or even with device ( it can be manufacturer 's fault ) . i can just suggest you to try on more options if available .
the only solution posible for using your phone for developing android apps is to root your phone . this is a useful link for doing that : root you phone tutorial
after a long search , finally i made my micromax a57 to connect with eclipse and made it to suit for development . installed moborobo ( all in one android smart phone management tool ) . perform stop -server / start -server using adb . reboot the device . restart the eclipse . device got detected . ( eclipse - list of adb devices ) list of attached devices : hope , this would be surely helpful . thanks
i had the same problem and think i found the place to correct it : 1 ) open the e-mail client program on the samsung 2 ) go to " menu | account settings " 3 ) disable sms-sync hope it works !
keep the sd card when you return the phone and put it in the new phone you get . contacts : you contacts are constantly synced with the google account associated with the phone so there is no need to back those up . media : pictures and movies should be stored on the sd card which you will keep . apps : you can back them up to the sd card with a 3rd party app or sign up for appbrain which syncs with your phone and keeps a list of all the installed apps . you can then reinstall them right from appbrain . settings : theres no way out of the box to back up phone and app settings . other : there are a number of free apps in the market that backup particular data like you sms messages , your call log , your apps . . . total solution : there are a couple apps out there that claim to backup and restore the entire phone . i actaully had the same exact problem you are having back in january with my droid . i used a free version of mybackup pro back them but i am sorry to say i can not even remember if it worked . its worth a shot but use caution , it seems to have some mixed reviews .
lookout should do all , or at least most , of this for you . ( warning : market-speak follows ) your mobile device is your most personal computer . it contains your personal data including contacts , photos , video , e-mail , and text messages . backup your data and keep it safe and secure . whether you accidently delete data , your phone is lost , or even destroyed--your data is safe . you can restore any data with the click of a mouse . changing devices is just as easy and your data can be transferred in seconds .
if you are rooted , you can do a nandroid backup of the entire phone ( it is like taking a snapshot of the phone 's data ) and you should be able to push it on the new phone so long as it is the same model . additionally , if you are rooted , you can use titanium backup on the apps on your phone : it'll do both the app and the data associatied with the app .
it seems tethering on sgs2 on cm10 is currently broken , according to entropy512 on xda developer : cm10 supports tethering , however wpa/wpa2 tethering was broken on devices with bcmdhd wifi until i fixed it earlier this week . some devices may not have the fix enabled yet ( it has to be enabled on a per-device basis , since the " fix " will break devices that do not need it . )
ifixit has a teardown that shows the wi-fi antenna is on the back . interestingly , when i took it off and looked i saw that it was nicely labeled too . also , the wi-fi reception seems much better after reattaching the cover . maybe my antenna was not connected very well . it appears a simple mod could be done to attach an external wi-fi antenna if i needed to do that . a mod may be in my future .
afaik it isnt possible , because bluetooth protocol currently allows just one-to-one connection . you have to create " master " device which next share keyboard and mouse throw diffrent protocol , eg . wifi . but i still do not see any use for this : )
you would probably wanna : -setup a launcher like nova launcher ( my personal favorite ) solely to setup gestures for daily used tasks like calling and viewing smss . -with nova launcher change the icon size to maximum ( 130% i guess ) to make icons more visible . -go to accessibility and change the text size . since it varies from manufacturer to manufacturer , the customizability may be different . tinker around in the accessibility settings to find something useful . -change ringtone , notification sound and alarm to something loud and distinct . -turn on haptic feedback in sound settings ( varies from manufacturer to manufacturer again ) -de-clutter the home screen ! may even want to sort them by folders ( drag an app over the other )
it sounds like your phone is defective . you should return it to the shop for repair or replacement .
there appears to be a software update coming out to fix this in the " near future " . the actual release date for this update was not specified . . . here is the faq on the motorola website . . .
it looks like it is a common bug with droid x users and there does not currently seem to be a fix . see this relevant thread here .
you have to actually setup your voicemail with tmobile as well as on your phone . you simply ring 222 from the phone . here is a detailed description : http://forums.t-mobile.co.uk/help-and-support/index?page=homecat=voicemail
this is samsung 's " quick glance " feature , which triggers when a hand is waved over your sleeping phone . you can turn it off in settings -> my device -> motions and gestures -> air gesture -> quick glance .
it seems that this is possible for both versions of the hd ( 7" , os version 7.4.3 and 8.9" , os version 8.4.3 ) . i found xda developer forums for 7" hd version 7.4.3 and 8.9" hd version 8.4.3 . for the purposes of making this post self-contained , i will assume that you have the 7" version . the steps are : step 1: download the *root_with_restore_by_bin4ry_v31 . zip* . ( see original forum ) step 2: extract the file . step 3: this step is very important . uninstall any drivers you have for the kindle fire hd . connect your kindle to the pc via usb . press the windows start button and search " device manager " go to > portable devices . " right click " on kindle and choose " properties " . go to " driver " and click " uninstall " . then unplug the kindle from the pc . step 4: now download and install kindle fire adb drivers . ( see original forum for links to these ) step 5: now on your kindle fire hd go to " settings " then > security . mark " enable adb " - on . step 6: connect the kindle fire hd to the pc via usb . wait till automatic installation completes and kindle is recognized . step 7: navigate to the folder where you extracted the bin4ry method and " double click " the " runme . bat " file and choose option 1 . step 8: on the kindle fire hd select the option " backup my data " and wait till the backup completes ( when the backup completes , on the computer press any key ) . then select the option " restore my data " ( this will not erase any data or files ) and wait till the restore completes ( when the restore completes , on the computer press any key ) . step 9: your device will reboot twice . step 10: when your device boot select select the option " restore my data " once again ( this will not erase any data or files ) and wait till the restore completes ( when the restore completes , on the computer press any key ) . your device will reboot once again . step 11: when your device boot , unlock your device and go to " apps drawer " , you should see the " superuser " app . you are done !
the disclaimer appears on the splash screen after rebooting . you will not get any notification during the unlock process . here 's a picture of what you should see .
after relocking and unlocking again , it worked for me .
there is another one : morse code keyboard
yes , there is : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.rgam.morsekeyboard
you should never mess with the system without having a backup . to get root back you can just re-flash the rom that you are using without wiping anything . this will remove whatever happened with your busybox .
there is no malicous intent you can safely use it . this app has been part of the android open source project ( aosp ) since at least android 1.5 cupcake and cyanogenmod only adapted it . here 's cm 's source code which shows it was only copied from the original aosp code : https://github.com/cyanogenmod/android_packages_apps_soundrecorder/blame/cm-10.2/androidmanifest.xml here 's the initial aosp version from 2007 which already has the same permission grant : https://android.googlesource.com/platform/packages/apps/soundrecorder/+/e2118f54af4c5215bd988979769e383292b9c9cb/androidmanifest.xml now one may ask why it has this grant in aosp already : i do not know why , it is seemingly not needed .
the picture viewer of my htc desire work fine for tiff . . . do you try astro ? beamreader is able to do it , but it is expensive . . . however , they offer a 10-day free trial .
touch " applications " touch menu button touch " grid view " touch menu button touch " edit " now you can drag and drop icons to/from shortcut bar
is it a primary google account ? - if it is , a factory reset would be needed , meaning a wipe unfortunately . . .
*google now cards appears when needed . . for example : you went to shopping then google track your location and it will show a google now card on your notification screen as well on google now page saying that " you are _ km from your home , and shows you path to get your home back . etc . . there are many others like show you a card of whether if you went to some another state or country . . etc . etc . . it will show when needed and you manually can not get cards . play with settings in google now to know more .
on the bottom of google now there are 3 icons . click the magic wand ( middle one ) and select others . there find the topic and tell gnow that you are still interested . new cards will be added automatically once you search for them with google now . once a new cad appears tap the three dots in the upper right of the card and than yes when prompted if interested .
in ICS 4.0.4: open stock browser , click menu , click settings , from the list , got to advanced section , about middle of page , click on default zoom and select medium . in other versions , if available , it is somewhere near that !
in order to use those themes , you will need to use the alternative launcher adw . as it says at the top of the description : *Must have adw.launcher 1.3.1+ to use* http://www.appbrain.com/app/adw-launcher/org.adw.launcher
the solution is pretty simple , far more easier than i anticipated : partition your usb drive/sdcard , into two partitions , using this easeus partition master , which is what i used . partition layout needs to be one with 1gb of space with fat32 filesystem , that is for the installer . remaining partition of type ext3 ( linux partition ) . the installer , when live-booting from the usb drive/sdcard , will show the just-created partition on the usb/sdcard , just select that partition to install on it and its done .
i am not sure if it is a good choice to use a alphanumeric keyboard instead of a qwerty one . but here is some choices for you : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=bigkeyboard.bordeux.net https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.bb.keyboard.wf this one is paid , but seems better : play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.fredricknet.inputmethod.latin there is no much people making this keyboards , so it is probability that the keyboard is no longer updated .
fastboot commandline utilisation as per elinux . org is shown below . update: what does update . zip need to look like in general , fastboot flashes only .img files . the update . zip generally consists of .img files which will be flashed to the particular partition . a typical update . zip file to flash via fastboot will have following files and more boot.img recovery.img system.img userdata.img radio.img etc...  flashall: where do the flash boot + recovery + system come from , what format , etc . flashall will flash the system.img , boot.img and recovery.img in the current/path folder . these images can be obtained from the update . zip mentioned above . boot: what is the format of &lt;kernel&gt; and what is the &lt;ramdisk&gt; option in fastboot boot , the &lt;kernel&gt; format is an .img file . i am not sure of the &lt;ramdisk&gt; option . my guess would be to boot a kernel with a modified ramdisk without altering the built kernel ( i am not a developer , sorry ) . this is what i have learnt fiddling with nexus phones . others can correct any obvious errors in the write up .
all the data stored by the app in the folder /data/data/app_name/ will be cleared . you cant specify which data to clear . the app would be like when it was installed or updated .
if you can tether mobile data of your galaxy nexus over wi-fi , you have full-featured ad-hoc network . if you are not sure , install wireless tether ( root access is required ) . after connecting laptop to this MobileAP , look for ips of client and Default Gateway ( ipconfig /all cmd command works fine with windows ; fing can also be used ) . ip of Default Gateway is ip of your android device . you can use these ips in any networking service you want . it works . another approach in ad-hoc networking , it does not matter which point is broadcasting ssid . so , you can make your laptop virtual router too . connect your galaxy nexus to it and do whatever you want . to make your laptop virtual router with nas support , i would recommend you to install connectify pro ( not free ) . there is a nice free alternative too : mhotspot . after connecting your galaxy nexus to virtual hotspot created by it , you can use any networking service over it .
it is saved in /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf file . you can open it with any text editor . if you have terminal emulator you can also do this : cat /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf 
you can also download the app " wifi key recovery " which is a lot easier .
any ideas whether this feature will be part of the core of android 4.2 , or if it is just for nexus 10 ? multi-user support in android 4.2 will be for all tablets . so yes , all tabs with android 4.2 jelly bean will have multi-user support . google is officially supporting this only for tablets as of now . however , i am very sure that custom rom makers will port it for phones . in fact , there are already a bunch of custom roms which do this . i wish i got this on my nexus 7 . nexus 7 is a tablet , so when you upgrade to 4.2 , you should get multi-user support .
try sending a text message " vl " to 52586 . if you get the same error message as a reply , you will have to call the customer care and they will guide you to set up gprs on your phone manually . this happened to a friend of mine and he fixed it by calling the cc .
i have the exact same problem with my samsung galaxy s . you can also get it going again by holding the " on " button for about 15 seconds . it has been happening now for about 2 months and it was only today that i happened to be looking at it as it hanged and i saw the message about the internal sd card , before that i thought it was a corrupt operating system or faulty battery . the frustrating thing is that when it hangs i lose all my contacts , my text message history and my customised settings like shortcuts to certain apps on the desktop . it also loses the default setting for connecting to the mobile access point set by my mobile provider . sometimes when it reboots people can not ring me , they think it rings once but i do not hear it ringing at all and i get no missed called . it is funny , i notice that this post is dated december 27th and this is roughly when my phone started giving trouble , my phone is about a year and a half as well . the advice given here by izzy is probably the best advice for this situation but i just wanted to contribute some content here that might help more people with the same problem to find this post because unless you are looking at the phone when it crashes you will never think that the internal sd card was at fault . it is more likely that you will find that your phone has switched itself off or has just hung .
i can think of 2 ways you could do this . bluetooth audio adapter , like the antec bxr100 . these are generally used for headphones , but should be able to simply connect into your amp . -pros : simple , cheap -cons : bluetooth , limited range , a2dp appears to have issues on android 4.2 , possibly non-optimal audio quality dlna renderer ( mini computer ( raspberry pi ( raspbmc maybe . there is a topic on the use of raspbmc as a dlan renderer here on their forums . ) or similar perhaps ) , specialized unit ( like the ( discontinued , though still findable if you do not mind buying used ) netgear mp100 series ) , or maybe a cheap android device ) attached to your amp , getting your audio pushed from one of the several dlna server apps available for android . this is essentially the same as apple 's airplay system , only a different , more open standard which will work with more manufacturers ' devices . -pros : almost as simple , will work anywhere you can get a wifi signal , possibly better audio quality than the bluetooth , could potentially be used to move video if you wanted to in the future if your chosen receiver has that capability . -cons : more complex , possibly expensive , new audio-only dlna renderers seem to be rare nowadays .
try charging the tab for an hour or so . connect the tab to the computer via usb , so that you hear it bleep and appear connected . hold the power button on the tab down for 10 secs . remove usb from tab . wait 5 escs . try power on . i had a similar problem and this worked for me . i think the tab has a battery discharge issue and turns off the display which does not come back up
i belive it is because you gained the data during the period wi-fi was activated , so when you swithced off your wi-fi , there was still some unread data you had not seen ( in the form of mail and g+ notifications ) . also i recomed , if you are seriously worried about this , and it perseveres , to turn off wi-fi via wireless communications in the settings app .
if you turn off wi-fi , but you have a data plan with your carrier , you will still be accessing the internet using your cellular mobile radio . opening the app and having it say that it is not connected to the internet could thus be because you have poor signal , or you have not used your phone in a while and it is been auto-disconnected from the mobile network to save battery/bandwidth by either the phone or your carrier . you can use airplane mode to turn off both cellular and wi-fi radios .
in dropbox 2.0.1 ( and in pre-2.0 versions , iirc ) , you can tap on a text file and it can offer to open it in " db text editor " which comes with the app ( or some other editor which has been assigned to open files with . txt extension ) . note that this will not work on just about any other file -- dropbox does not recognize mime types , but rather uses the extension to pick a program to open a file with , even if the file in question contains text . this also works with other file types -- for example , i am able to open my password database from keepassdroid ( extension . kbdx ) .
the "32" in fat32 has nothing to do with the "32" in 32gb ! fat32 is file allocation table in 32 bit and is introduced in 1996 , when there was not any 32gb sd card . according to wikipedia : the maximum possible size for a file on a fat32 volume is 4 gb minus 1 byte or 4,294,967,295 ( 2321 ) bytes . so you can not copy a huge 4gb ( or more ) single file to a fat32-formatted sd card . afaik , android os does support ntfs and you may want to use it , as it has many benefits over old fat32 .
32gb is the limit imposed by the secure digital high capacity ( sdhc ) specification , not fat32 . fat32 supports 2tb drives , with a standard 512 byte sector ( or 16tb with 4.096 byte sectors ) which is ( coincidentally ? ) the same as the latest secure digital extended capacity ( sdxc ) specification , so fat32 should be viable for some time to come . the biggest restriction with a fat32 formatted drive is the per file size restriction . since fat32 uses 32bit file pointers , which means that no single file can be larger than 4gb ( actually 2 32 -1 ) . most of the time this is not a problem , but if you want to transport movies or virtual machines which are not split into multiple smaller files , then this might cause you problems . as an aside , in an answer like this , i can not help but illustrate it with a favorite picture of mine which compares 8 bytes of magnetic core memory from 1953 with 8gb ( 8 thousand million bytes ) of flash from 2008: in the same space as those 8 bytes from 1953 you could now fit 8x or 12x 32gb usd cards ( when you take into account thickness too ) so who knows where we will be in another 55 years ? probably wondering how we got by with only a couple of terabytes in our phone . *8' )
it is about 290 dpi ( just crunch the numbers : use the pythagorean equation to get the " pixels " diagonally , then divide by the screen diagonal ) .
you might want to use sygic if you are in india . it comes with free maps .
+1 for the question , i am really looking for a good answer here . take a look at the answers for a similar/identical question i asked once on forceclose . from the answers there , i think navdroyd will be my choice ( 5 euro only , seems to have ok coverage ) , but i have not tested it myself yet .
i have not had a chance to try it myself yet , but i have heard good things about maverick : maverick for google android - code sector there is both a limited free and pay version .
note : many of these applications use map data from a really cool free map project called osm ( openstreetmap ) , which anyone can contribute to . osm is constantly improving , but in many areas it may lack information like house/building numbers . free : google maps google maps does have some offline functionality , but there are a few catches : the size of the area you can download is limited ( you can not download an entire us state , for instance ) , navigation will not work offline , and some countries or areas are not available for download . instructions for google maps version 6: offline maps overview for version 7 ( available on android 4+ ) : get offline maps osmand open-source , uses data from osm . currently only has 2d navigation , but one of the better free options available . mapfactor osm-based offline navigation . fairly basic but promising . navfree allows you to download maps for offline navigation , also osm-based . there is a separate version for the us . osm has maps for the whole world , but for some reason navfree only has maps available for certain countries , mostly in europe and north america . many others based on osm here : android - openstreetmap wiki paid : copilot live premium copilot live is a very nice , full-featured app , which will let you download maps ahead of time and use gps offline . the us version is normally pretty inexpensive . just make sure you get the " premium " version that includes all the features ; if you buy the " standard " version it does not even include basic features like voice guidance , alternate routes , 3d maps , etc , and you will end up paying more if you buy them as add-ons later ( edit : the standard version does not seem to be available any more , but i will leave this in case they put it back up again ) . skobbler gps navigation and maps osm-based offline navigation with a clean interface . there is a free trial available , but it does not work offline . the paid version includes 1 map for free , other maps range from 2,22 ( for one country ) to 7,77 ( the whole world ) . there are detailed reviews of many android gps apps here : android sat nav apps
i regularly use locus . it does not have much in the way of navigation support ( although i think this is in the works ) , but for off-road and off-line use it is fantastic . it allows downloading of maps for off-line use , supports sqlite and gemf maps , which allow large map ( 2gb limit for sqlite , no realistic limit for gemf ) tile sets on your sd card without wasting masses of space . it also supports vector maps as well as bitmap ones ( more coverage , less disk space ) . it has a very good interface and is well supported . there is a free version with ads which does not support in-app map downloading ( i think ) , although you can use your pc to download the maps . the paid version is not expensive . that all sounds excessively glowing , so i should emphasise that i am not the developer and have no affiliation ; just a very happy user !
have you tried backcountry navigator ? backcountry navigator it has topo maps , open street maps , and aerial photography . it has a 16 day demo and a paid license .
if you are looking for north american maps ( and european maps as well i am told ) , than i can recommend copilot live . it is not free though .
i am now using osmand . it stores openstreetmap maps on the phone 's storage . osmand uses a vectorial format , which means it can store a lot of information without taking too much space , and is visible in all zoom factors . you can download the maps you want , for instance italy , bolivia , or any other country/region . free , open source .
for england and much of europe , viewranger is great . supports ordnance survey and other official-type maps ; also some open street map projects . but it is absolutely what i would use -- and do -- if i am hiking with a phone . for android - viewranger
google maps 5.0 now supports offline mode !
i used navdroyd when travelling in europe . i did not have mobile service so i downloaded the maps over wifi before setting out . navdroyd successfully guided me from slovakia to croatia through austria and slovenia while driving . i found it less useful while walking , good for orienting oneself , but not on par with google maps for finding points of interest .
maps ( - ) allows to store maps for offline use from openstreetmap , from opencyclemap and from google maps .
have you tried maps with me ? it has a lite ( free ) version and allows downloading maps for an offline usage . also it is very fast : in my experience osmand is much slower even with maps downloaded , although it shows more information .
what are your needs ? just maps ? point-of-interest data ? navigation ? i use mapdroyd , which is free and lets you download openstreetmap data . i see that they have some other products . navdroyd ( paid ) , which is mentioned above by @ripper234 does navigation . traveldroyd , which has point-of-interest information , also seems to do navigation based on the screenshots , but i have not tried it out .
if you change csc , you need to wipe / factory reset your phone . so , you might as well download and flash a stock rom that is for india . it has indian csc . edit #1: you do not need root to flash stock rom on your phone using odin .
this might not solve the problem , but it is the first thing i would look after : many carriers require specific settings in the menu settings-> wireless and network -> mobile networks . usually when you make a contract , they send you a message with the necessary configuration settings . updating your phone might reset them or require new settings . if you think that might be the issue , you should have a look around on the website of your network provider . they often publish the necessary settings and/or offer a service to send you a configuration message . also , are you sure you need wcdma ? just asking .
try using josm and opendata plugin . to install it just go to preferences ( f12 ) -> plugins-> search " opendata " and install . after importing you can ( as far as i know ) save it as * . osm , and then use osmandmapcreator
as for using another app , google earth can help . as for still sticking to osmand , it depends on your program design . if osmand is your project , you may consider creating a file stream to open the kml files else , passing the intents with the kml file
i almost forgot about my own question , meanwhile i found perfectly working solution -- simply converting kml into gpx with gpsbabel : http://www.gpsbabel.org/ it is open source , which is great plus for me .
i use gmap2gpx . it loads some javascript into the running tab to do all the work . it is fairly easy to use , just follow the instructions on the site . use " extract full " to generate a reasonably accurate . gpx file ( the basic file just has turn-by-turn instructions and little data besides ) . note : only use it in an incognito instance for added privacy . you must not be logged into google using chrome ( or it will not work for security reasons ) . just launch an incognito instance via " ctrl+shift+n " and do it again there .
it is most likely the battery . it might have to be replaced . if it is literally dropping from 90 straight down to 0 , then the battery health has reached its end . if you do replace the battery and the same thing occurs , it could be your rom
you can use a vpn such as hideninja free / paid on google play . it will bypass geo restrictions .
it is because your e-mail was created using a philippine ip address . if you have a android phone , root it . note that this voids warranty , and may have a chance of bricking your phone .
found it . . . . message board service started bluelocate service started here is the app causing theses messages : connectdroid
i use the tasker application to change the screen timeout and brightness ( as well as the gps ) when i use maps or navigation . i turn on gps and disable timeout when starting maps/navigation and turn them off on exiting . tasker allows you to specify certain tasks that are activated when opening/closing and application . it has several other features and uses , but i find it works well for the problem you are having .
you need to root your phone and use a file management app that supports root access in order to copy and delete files from /storage/emulated/0 .
well , after much testing , found the destination microsd card had file structure corruption , causing the problem . it was resolved by mounting the microsd card on a pc , copying all the good files to a desktop folder , running gparted to unmount and reformat the microsd card , and copy the files back once the formatting completed . rooting was not required to access /storage/emulated/0 .
are you sure you invested enough time in searching the internet ? i just found this forum and another forum after one search . to answer your other questions : in short , you will need to use odin ( a computer-based tool used for writing to your device while in " pre-android " mode ) to flash ( a fancy phrase for installing ) a custom recovery ( clockworkmod , aka cwm ) . that custom recovery will allow you to flash a superuser app that will handle granting root access . all files necessary can be found by resorting to the linked forums since so can not host files . rooting does not remove your version of android . in most cases , it will actually wipe all of your data ( factory reset ) , so make sure to backup anything that you need beforehand . being rooted does leave room for flashing different versions of android if you wish to do so in the future . sadly , i did not have any luck finding linux drivers for the note 10.1 . windows drivers available here .
the way i generally deal with truculent apps is by following each of these steps until it starts working again . force stop clear cache clear app data restart the device uninstall/reinstall ( this may be tricky with the market app )
yes it does have the controller . now will it act like the nexus in nfc user friendliness ? no . required software is locked because what they are attempting to do is use a sim card as the antennae making verizon able to control the nfc chips full capabilities . this way limits how much information can be transferred by nfc . now it will be supported later on but if you truly want full blown nfc without restrictions then get the phones with supporting hardware .
the razr does have an nfc chip in it . currently the device does not have the drivers so the os can make use of the chip . motorola has been quoted to say that the razr is getting nfc support when the device gets the ics update . basically , the device could support nfc now , but motorola , for one reason or another , did not include the components that would be needed for the android os to communicate with the nfc chip . what are the benefits of upgrading a device to ice cream sandwich ? ice cream sandwich brings an entirely new look and feel to android . it has a redesigned user interface with improved multi-tasking , notifications , wi-fi hotspot , nfc support and a full web browsing experience .
actually , it should not be necessary to connect the tablet to your desktop . all you need to do is to log into google play on your desktop with the same account that is registered on the tablet . then navigate to an app and press the Install button ( or Installed if it is already installed on one of your other devices ) : once you click Install , a dialog will appear which allows you to select the device to install to : after clicking Install , click OK on the next dialog that pops up . then connect your tablet via wifi , wait a bit , and the app will be installed !
goto settings--> apps--> all--> ( you can find Settings App ) click on settings--> clear data and cache
you have not mentioned which phone you use . unsure about ics , but on gingerbread , go to contacts - press menu > more > settings > save contacts to - sim this is available on newer versions though , ymmv .
i have not used it in awhile , but something like airdroid or the like could be helpful . i have heard of a handful of apps that work in the same fashion , exposing your android device to a browser on the local network . with airdroid running you can connect to it on your laptop using the ip address of the phone and a port number . something like this : http://xxx.27.21.11:3456 the browser window will let you control the phone . i used it a few times to write long texts/emails . it does a lot , you should be able to initiate calls , browse phone data like contacts , look at media , etc . i just scanned a review of the new version , it sounds much better and does not require your phone and laptop be on the same network .
i will assume you actually want to know what ways are there to increase battery capacity of your android device . there're three approaches to this problem . approach one is an internal battery with higher capacity . i do not have any details on whether anker is worthwhile , but it is capacity for say htc desire s is 1600 mah and standard battery capacity for the same htc desire s is 1450 mah , so that does not look like a huge improvement to me - it will be drained in one day of usual use anyway . what is really important is battery reliability - you want a reliable battery with long lifetime ( number of charge-discharge cycles and capacity retainment ) and good safety so that it does not explode in your phone ( that actually happens once in a while with cheap batteries ) and you have to look for such information elsewhere , not on this site . approach two is a spare battery . it is not very convenient - phones are not designed to allow for fast battery swap and phones lose power and their state when a battery is swapped and also charging the spare is a problem , because you either need a charger craddle for that or you use your phone for that and the latter means more battery swapping . approach three is an external battery - there is a lot of such stuff , anker sells that too , they come in a wide range of capacity , some can even be used with netbooks . basically it is a box with a battery inside and a usb cable . you charge the box either of usb ( your computer , laptop , usb hub , phone charger , whatever ) or of mains - that depends on the model . then you can use the box to power any usb device , phone included - the phone will think it is connected to usb and charge through it . this is a rather convenient option - you can temporarily connect your device to the box and charge it fully or partially , you can carry it conveniently in a bag or a pocket and have the device connected to it and use the device at the same time . one big advantage of this approach is that the box can be used with various devices , not a specific model only . one big disadvantage is the thing is relatively expensive . again you need good reliability , lifetime and safety , you should search for that information elsewhere . another disadvantage is that the box itself can be slow to charge - its battery capacity is usually rather high and usb does not provide lot of power , so charging current will be rather low , this might be important for your convenience .
the superoneclick dev 's website http://shortfuse.org/ states on their august compatibility list : all 2.3.4 devices need a custom root method . looking around , there does not seem to be a universal one click root method for 2.3.4 yet , most of the root methods for the later gingerbreads involve flashing custom firmware , etc which is more involved .
turns out i had to change this via the " mail settings " menu in gmail , under the general menu is a my picture menu , where you can select the image used for google + , google voice and apparently the icon used for contacts synched with gmail .
try isyncr . they have a wifi add on also .
you can also try double twist .
isyncr works over usb ( mass storage or mtp ) , mac or pc , and also works over wifi . it handles the galaxy nexus just fine . in full disclosure , i am the developer .
new version of handcent with its group sms plugin does the job perfectly .
try to identify the location of the driver on the system ie , windows/system32 then uninstall the software and the driver from device manager . once you have done that return to system32 or where ever its located and delete it . reboot your system and try installing the old drivers .
you should not want to close applications manually . just stop loading the current page with the stop menu item , and use the home key . this will leave the app running in the background , but without costing power or wasting your download limit .
the android designs says that when the user ' goes away ' from the application the app should keep running for a fast start and for background music playing etc . this means that what you are asking for is against the nature of android . applications themself could choose to close themselves after you click ' a close button ' . since applications have to come up with their own solutions you can image that there is no ' one button solution ' . using a taskkiller is a solution for this problem . a single program in the widget list to kill all unneeded applications for a performance and battery boost is a great help . i am using advanced task killer set up to keep my most used applications but to close all other rarely used apps . there might be a browser with a close button but the one i use does not have a close button . then again keeping open the page i last visited is a welcome feature .
open a new tab/window on your browser . close the tab you were using and any others that were open , except for window/tab you have just launched , which should just leave you with the new tab/window which should be your home page . now use the back arrow . that effectively exits out of windows and solves any java issues too .
closing the browser has no benefit . the android subsystem manages the memory on the device really well and will free up memory from background applications if it needs it . as i understand it , it does this by saving the application state in a database on disk . if you run the application again , it can then rebuild its state from the info in the database . if you want to stop the browser from downloading and you can not see the " stop " button , press the menu button . this will bring up the address bar allowing you to press the stop button . although if the address bar has disappeared then chances are your phone is not downloading anything , unless the site you are on has javascript on it which is causing it to refresh elements regularly . if this is the case you are on your own .
applications are built to save their state to storage _at_any_time_ , and to restore themselves from that state . they are also built to be closed by the os at any time ( e . g . when it needs the room for something else ) . afaict , all applications share the same screen stack : opening an application 's page " over " another one simply adds additional pages to the stack . the back button just pops the topmost page off . the home button pops all the pages off the stack . the applications are still running and , if they are written as directed , will keep their previous state when you explicitly open them again . the difference between an application stored and an application waiting in the background is less than in a desktop os . cheers
press and hold the browser icon until the inline toolbar appears , press the application info icon , there u can press " force stop "
no , delivery reports generally just tell you that the message has been delivered and is sitting on their phone . it does not necessarily tell you that they have been read . there is not a way to tell if its been read as far as i know .
numerous messenger apps provide the possibility of see of a person has read your message . for text messages it is not possible to get a read status as this is not part of the sms protocol .
i would try and clear the cache of this application menu settings applications manage applications all market clear cache just to see whether this should help . you might also want to click the ' clear data ' button but than you must login to your account again .
i think this one really depends on the device and procedures involved in installing a new rom . for nexus devices , there is really no point because you can just fastboot oem unlock the bootloader and install your new recovery with fastboot flash recovery [file] . other devices , however , may force you to use tricks that require root in order to unlock the bootloader . for example , in order to install a rom on a device which does not support fastboot , you may need root in order to install a custom recovery .
the vulnerability towelroot used has been fixed within android 4.4.2 . check your version . plus , as you can read here , geohot , developer of towelroot , now works for google , so probably there will not be updates . i would not recommend any other root method : it could invalidate your warranty . see this article .
if your phone is on the same local wi-fi network as your computer then you could use airdroid for this . if it is not , then remote desktop offers a terminal emulator , so you could use that to uninstall the app from the command line : pm uninstall app.package.name  alternatively , you could set up an ssh server and then use the above pm command . is there some ssh server for android ? is a good place to start if you need ssh server software . also note that using pm uninstall from outside adb shell - such as in a terminal emulator - will require root . i am unsure if airdroid requires root for its uninstall feature .
appbrain provides this feature . but you have to get an account and install the appbrain app .
though it went unmentioned during today 's google i/o keynote , the google play website now offers the option of updating and/or uninstalling apps from android hardware directly in the browser . by heading to the " my android apps " tab of the play portal , you will see a list of all applications that reside on your smartphone or tablet ; users with multiple devices can view a breakdown of what apps are installed where . though sorting is alphabetical , apps with pending available updates will be listed first . clicking a gray update button will immediately start the download on the target android product , though sadly there is no " update all " option just yet . uninstalls are equally as simple : selecting the trash can icon underneath each app first brings up a warning dialog that acts as a nice safeguard against unintentional deletions . clicking through this leads to the immediate removal of the app in question from your device . source : http://www.theverge.com/2012/6/27/3121959/google-play-website-update-uninstall-android-apps
in my default music player app [ 1 ] i can delete songs just by long pressing on the title and choosing for " delete " . are you sure there is no such option ? [ 1 ] : " play music " app on my htc one x
after using mobile network and you disabled it , you will receive a notification in black background about your balance internet gb/mb or charged price for internet usage ( as like what you received now in the picture )
airtel system has some bugs . the usage is not shown properly and i will advise to install an app that would manage your data account . which can show your real usage .
install greenify . it will stop all background processes and save memory , battery and unwanted network connectivity .
from your screenshot , it is apparent that you are using a dual sim phone and that data roaming is enabled on one of those sim cards . i have never used a dual sim phone but i read on a forum that at any point of time only one of the sim cards can be used for data while the other is on standby or being used for a voice call . make sure both your sim cards have data disabled . also disable data roaming for both sim cards . use these screenshots for reference : check your data usage in Settings&rarr ; Data usage to see what is using your data connection make sure Data roaming is disabled for both sim cards
answering your second question : google voice does not currently allow forwarding to another google voice number :
for this to work seamlessly you would need an smb server on your phone . there is such an app , available via this forum thread . it needs root , and it looks like results vary by device . at least one reason why root is required is that normal users are not allowed to open ports below 1024 , whilst by convention , smb servers use ports 135-139 . an alternative is the on air ( wifi disk ) app , available in the market . whilst not quite seamless , this does give you access to your sd card via appletalk , webdav or good old ftp . i have just tested with an htc desire hd and windows xp over webdav and it appears to work well . the windows xp webdav client is a bit ropey , but that is not really the fault of android or on air : ) the on air app itself warns of issues using the built-in webdav clients for vista and windows 7 , and recommends a standalone client .
well in that case u can use software data cable in your android phone . it'll install the ftp server on your phone and you can get access to your phone storage from the browser . . remember they should be in the same network . . . .
this is because they are not compatible . unity requires devices with armv7 instruction set , your phone only supports v6 . i am sorry but there is nothing that you can do other than buy a new handset if you want to play cutting edge games . see this for the detailed specifications of your phone .
unity games work on arm v6 with vfp , most cell phones sold after 2011 that have qualcomms and arm v6 work with unity games , however , this is an issue with cyanogenmod as of 8-21-2012 , but if you remove parts of your game and load a blank level , you will see it works , so its just a missing piece , no clue if they will fix it or find it .
the following instructions are from androidforums . com site . the summary of the rooting procedure ( just copied and pasted - credit goes to sagarwep the poster of the procedure ) is as below : enable usb debugging on your device . to do that , go to settings > development > usb debugging . connect your device to any pc/laptop . the drivers will be installed automatically . download bin4ry for root a110 by sagarwep . 7z and unzip . run RunMe.bat from the extracted location . a command prompt with weird green letters will pop-up on your screen . follow the onscreen instructions carefully . to start off , you willl need to type in a "1" and press enter . [ note : if you ever want to unroot your micromax a110 , follow the above steps till you reach this one and then , instead of typing "1" , type " x " and hit enter . follow the instructions that appear on the command prompt after that . ] your device will reboot during the process after which bin4ry will copy some files to your device . with rootchecker you can verify whether the phone is rooted or not .
hi i am trying to restore my imei number and i would like to unlock the network the phone is on . i can get onto the service mode screen but there are not any menu options . i have re flashed the phone and still not got any menu options
rom manager should not be a required systems app to run cyanogenmod . take a look at the steps over here to remove a system app from your phone : http://oldwiki.cyanogenmod.org/wiki/barebones something like : adb remount adb shell rm -f /system/app/RomManager.apk 
did you try whatsapp ? it is available on both ios and android . google voice is the best option though if available in your country .
two ex-googlers created the app mightytext . give it a try : " send and receive sms and mms from your computer or tablet , using your current android phone number . messages stay in sync with your phone 's sms inbox . " " sms directly from gmail on your computer . " " text from [ your ] phone as [ you ] normally would . . . in the u.s. or international . " disclaimer : i have not actually tested it in australia ; ) but i would be happy to hear if it works for you !
since you are in australia , i would suggest trying t0mm13b 's suggestion of viber . you will have to " validate " your account with viber in a location that you have mobile data connection , according to this article , first , but then you should be able to use the service just fine on wifi . if available , google voice is a good option . you will be able to send and receive sms from it on both mobile network and wifi . it is probably your best option as it does not require the other person to have a different application to be able to receive the messages . most of them will require the person receiving the message to have the same application . google voice does not require the other person to have a special application . it will send the messages as sms . it will , however , require you to use the google voice application to send the messages .
try bluestacks app player on your computer . you can download any android app in it and use it on computer .
i assume you are referring to the 2012 version of the nexus 7 ? although the hardware is capable of supporting bluetooth le ( as suggested by the link in your question ) , google never certified it as such and so the stock rom does not support it . there is an answer to a similar question on stackoverflow which appears to suggest that cyanogenmod ( and maybe other custom roms ) has added support for bluetooth le on the 2012 nexus 7 .
System Settings-&gt;Select your Google account-&gt;Search-&gt;Near the bottom .
if you have debugging enabled , you can use adb to pull files from the phone . if you can not remember the names of the files , you can use adb shell to enter the phone 's shell and then browse the filesystem with normal unix commands , such as ls , cd dir , cd ..etc . once you have a list of files to copy , use adb pull /sdcard/path/to/file.ext localpath/file.ext . if you prefer to use a graphic interface , install the full sdk and eclipse , then use the ddms view to browse and copy files .
onik 's right that adb is your best bet for retrieving your apps , data , etc . but to get it all , you need to be rooted . xda has an extremely simple guide for rooting that fortunately does not require the use of the screen , it just requires usb debugging . once you root and start adb shell , try entering su before anything else . if the prompt changes from $ to # then you have root privileges . if it fails , adb probably gained root privileges automatically . now you can access the full contents of the data partition and other areas normally off-limits .
my answer on that other question was not quite right -- i have a us variant on the galaxy s , and the process to get into download mode is not exactly the same . i will update that answer shortly , in the meantime here are the odin instructions : go to this xda thread and download the newest firmware for your region . download odin for windows ( search for " heimdall " if you are on linux ) . then do the following : put your phone into download mode remove the battery hold volumedown plus the home key plus power . while holding , reinsert the battery . release the power button , still holding the others , about 1 second after the white " gt-i9000" text appears . after a few seconds a yellow triangle with an android in it should appear , this is download mode . if it does not , try this again while holding power the whole time . start up odin . attach the phone to your pc via usb so that odin recognizes it . load the . zip file you downloaded ( the rom/firmware ) into the pda field of odin . load the 512 . pit file into the pit field of odin . check " re-partition " . hit start . odin will tell you when it is done ; if it fails , reboot your phone and try again . ( this happens occasionally ) . note that if you need to back anything up , you should do that beforehand and save the backup to your pc , since everything ( except probably the external sd card ) will be wiped on the phone . also note that you do this at your own risk ; odin is very powerful and misusing it can damage your phone . i have used it dozens of times myself safely .
only one way to find out . recognize 10 songs with each and compare results . no way the data traffic results are the same . you will need some population ( more than 1 tests and take average ) in order to get some results . ideally you would test with the same data but that is just impossible . unless you have 2 devices checking the same sound at the exact same time . . . still i guess you would be able to make a good comparison with different fragments of the same song on a single device , alternating soundhound and shazam . what you really want is an app that stores the recorded sound to analyze later on when you are on a free ( or at least much cheaper ) wifi network . only reason for this question is you have to watch your data traffic , no ?
as of 2.3.4 this issue is fixed . for other users on previous versions , i temporarily solved this problem by disabling wifi all together .
revert ? if the os itself is not sleeping properly , you can not do much else besides install a kernel or rom that behaves better .
if it is a wi-fi issue , have the stand by settings changed with the new installation ? settings-> wireless and networks-> wi-fi settings menu-> advanced-> wi-fi sleep policy has this setting changed from to never ( which will keep the wi-fi on all the time ) ?
have you tried updating the battery statistics ? it is said to help with battery life in some cases . charge the phone completely . while still on the charger , boot into recovery . in recovery , reset the battery statistics . reboot the phone . when it has booted completely , unplug the charger . run the phone until the battery is completely flat and the phone turns off .
i think this could be a problem with your apache configuration . maybe the server is not listening on the correct address ? check that the server is set to listen to all relevant ips or all of them with a wildcard if necessary .
best thing to do would be to check your apache logs and see if you are indeed getting a http request from your phone . if you seeing entries as requests from the phone then it could be an issue with the apache setup . if you are not getting any log entries then most likely the issue is from the device 's side .
this is the latest official ainol novo 7 fire jellybean firmware ( using the latest android version 4.2.2 ) : google translation maybe required .
oh , i found how languages may be switched : ) . there is a small keyboard icon in the notification area which allows to do that .
to change languages , layouts and keyboard apps you can always tap on a text field ( the keyboard must be active ) , then drag down the notification bar and tap aon keyboard settings/input methods . now you chose the keyboard application or configure it to change its language .
go into the youtube app > press ' menu ' > select ' my channel ' you then have 3 tabs of uploads / favourites / playlists et voila
i was able to find my private ip on the gsm network interface ( svnet0 ) and it corresponds with the ip i see in the arp requests as soon as i turn wifi on .
thanks for your quick response lie ryan . just to update this topic a bit i called tmobile and spoke with l3 support and indeed they are using 10 . x.x. x but also 25 . x.x. x and 26 . x.x. x for handing out ip addresses - it depends on the device/feature in use . the issue was that since the device was joined over wifi and had no connection to tmobile in theory it should not need a tmobile ip address at all . well it turns out that it is indeed connection to tmobile due to the wifi calling being enabled . still does not explained that unmarked van outside the house . . . .
some large isps/cell providers have been known to be assigning reserved ip addresses ( i.e. . ip address that does not belong to the private addresses ) to devices in their network . many organizations ( government and universities ) that participated in the early days of the internet owned very large blocks of ip address that are not being used , and their ip addresses are suspect to this sort of misuse . the reason they did this is usually because they run out of supply for private ip addresses . this workaround is violating all kinds of standards , but it is generally safe as long as nobody in their network need to access a server using those reserved ip addresses , and since these ip addresses are unused by their owner anyway , nobody really cared to do anything about it . btw , my superintendant told me to told you to not worry about the men in black suits in front of your residence , they are gardeners .
do you have an ics rom installed ? i have that same issue with t9 keyboard on the galaxy nexus . i reported the issue to nuance but they claimed the t9 does not support ics . you can fix it by holding down the backspace key until the whole field is cleared , then switch to a non-sliding keyboard to enter the info in the To: field .
fixed it by rooting the phone with a different kernel version . installing in appropriate kernel was the reason for this problem .
once the tunnel is created , you should connect to mysql using localhost:1234 .
it may be your file explorer is not written well . you could try to use a different file explorer , such as es file explorer . or , try going about it from a different way . instead of using your email program to look for an attachment , use your file explorer to ' share ' the attachment , and choose to share it via your email app . it will add the file as an attachment and open your email app . as long as your email client is listed as a possible ' share ' app , this should work . if neither of those work , try getting a new email client . since the email client is not showing all of your file explorer apps when selecting to add an attachment , it may have written its own ( poorly designed ) app selector .
the best answer is that you can not . apps act on their programming and unless you plan to modify significant parts of android , what you want is not easily done ( if at all ) .
strange issue , due the fact you have a custom kernel it might be a better plan ( hope you do not have any important things on your phone ) to completely wipe your phone and reset to stock . so from cwm just wipe system , ( dalvik ) cache , install fresh . zip from the internal sd ( suppose you can mount the usb in cwm ) and ( re ) install a clean rom , install gapps and modem [ optional ] , fix permissions , boot phone , good to go . if you can not grab a proper logcat/last_kmsg it is difficult solving this issue to be honest . if it is solved just be sure to make a nandroid backup and then flash a custom kernel , if something goes wrong you can just reset it back to the current ( working ) state .
some resources i have found regarding nfc tags seems to indicate this would not be possible : nfc chip types the highest memory available is only about 7600 bytes . which is quite a bit more than most apks . nfc data exchange format the standardized data format specification that is supported by nfc devices . at a basic level , an ndef record contains two components : ( 1 ) the data and ( 2 ) a descriptor of that data which is used to contextualize the data . [ . . . ] ndef supports a fairly limited set of actions . more complex actions can be implemented with customized software running on the touching device . so the default actions that may be supported by nfc devices are : url text email vcard phone sms uri in order to support a non-standard action , you would have to completely implement that in a separate app . then to transport your apk , it would have to be within the data limitations of all modern nfc tags .
anything can go wrong , including issues that permanently brick the device . that said , galaxy s devices are compatible with a tool called odin that can fix all but the worst problems . example process . i personally flash pretty much anything i feel like onto my vibrant , and odin has saved me many times . i would not hesitate to flash something i wanted to try out , but you may wish to be more cautious .
i do not know for sure if this is your only problem , but i am posting it as an answer just in case . you seem to be confused about adb commands . adb shell foo  is a command that tells adb to open a shell on the device , and run the command foo on the device , whatever you say there for foo . therefore , the command you have been running , adb shell recovery  does not tell the device to go into recovery mode : it tells the device to run a command named recovery , while android 's still running . from your description , it sounds like this is the same program that the recovery mode uses , but it is not intended to be run while android is running . it is writing to the screen directly , without going through android , which is why it keeps disappearing and can not accept input . it is actually pretty sloppy work on the part of the manufacturer that you can run this program at all from within android . in the same way , the command you want to use to reboot into the bootloader is adb reboot-bootloader  ( on newer adb versions you can replace the hyphen with a space if you like . ) there is no shell in the command , because this is an instruction to adb , not a command to run on the device .
if you can pass the usb control of the device from the host to the guest , then it should be perfectly fine . this requires the closed-source version of virtual box . source
i think the easiest way would be to find a textarea where you can input big text , and then just take a screenshot and upload it to what the font . that is probably the easiest way .
the default font in android devices is called droid . i think droid sans might be what you are looking for .
if you are looking for the name of the font you have changed to , you can use the website what the font .
tablets have larger screens , and often more powerful cpus , than phones , which vastly increases power consumption . in order to provide the battery life expected , tablet batteries have much higher capacity than typical phones , and would charge at an unacceptably slow rate with a 5v , 550ma charge provided by a usb 2.0 computer port ( some wall chargers are 850ma or 1-2a ) . at 550ma and 5v , you are getting 2.75 watts ( volts x amps ) , at 2a , you are as high as 10 watts . charging at a higher voltage allows a faster charge while keeping the current down , which minimizes the need for heavier conductors in the cable , etc . the asus charger used with the transfomer series , for example , uses 1.5a at 15v , which provides 22.5 watts . i believe the ipad charger has similar characteristics . each of these uses a proprietary connector which provides a signal to the charger that it can safely output the higher voltage , which reduces the risk of damaging other equipment by connecting it to the higher voltage charger . the asus will charge , albeit very slowly , from a computer usb port using the proprietary cable ; the same may be true of other tablets . edit : an additional factor is the maximum current rating of the pins in the usb connector . this article states that the maximum rated current on pins 1 and 5 of a micro usb connector is 1.8 amps for a total of 9 watts . currents beyond that amount run the risk of overheating the pins .
the google nexus 7 charges from its micro-usb port . i am not sure if it'll charge plugged into a computer usb port , but plugged into the wall , it works great .
the usb spec specifies that the power supplied over usb shall be ~5v dc , which is fine . a single usb device ( e . g . your tablet ) may draw up to 500 ma of power in usb 2 and 900 ma of power in usb 3 . this is the issue - it is workable but not ideal . using a usb cable as a power connector between a tablet and the ac adapter that came with the tablet is a different story - they can do anything they want - but charging from a usb port is governed by the above limitations .
it might be due to a problem with the seating of the sd card in the slot . if you are sure it is firmly seated in the slot and the problem still exists , then your slot may be broken , per se . send it in for repair .
just play the elements . a very cpu intensive game . if you add a lot of stuff to make the simulation very slow , you are sure to use the cpu on full . meanwhile you could use gps fix to constantly use your gps . and you could leave your bluetooth on . all this at the same time ( especially with the sgs2 and cyanogenmod ) you might end up using more power than your phone can recharge .
enable your gps and use navigator to some location you are not going to that is far away . then watch a movie on your phone with brightness on max . this will get the job done .
watch a movie with full brightness , download a large file , while enabling wifi tethering ( this is a great battery drain ) , gps , bluetoth and wifi at the same time .
in order to drain your battery just run something cpu-intensive like video playback . if you want to wear the battery out ( make it lose capacity permanently ) you need to follow the guidelines for prolonging the battery lifetime but in reverse - cause deep discharges and mildly overheat the battery .
if you know some basic programming , you can write an application that just do some random calculations ( e . g . calculating primes , factorials , or even folding proteins ) , request cpu lock , prevent screen from turning off , turn on gps , bluetooth , wifi , turn on vibrators , record videos , etc .
i found a solution . i do not know if it is the best place to do such a modification , but i was able to edit the default emulator skin at development/tools/emulator/skins/HVGA/hardware.ini  and set hw.keyboard=no there .
i removed /data/etc/wifi , /data/misc/dhcp and /data/misc/wifi and it worked .
this is what worked for me : turn off wifi ( this may not be necessary ) remove /data/misc/wifi reboot another possible option : fxr wifi fix and rescue
i used a wrong driver . h9000+ means you need zopo mtk6577 driver from http://zopomobile.cn
please erase all data and the dalvik-cache ( if you have recovery ) . are you using the stock or custom rom ? this looks to me like a bug in the rom to do with nfc - this is the only reason the device would lock up like that . if you are using a custom rom , i suggest you contact the rom developer with the logs , if not , check for a software update . edit : the nfc service will only run if nfc is enabled - if you disable it , and then reboot , it should no longer be active . if it is you can kill it via Settings-&gt;Apps-&gt;Running .
if you still have the warranty left it is best to change the battery , but the problem could be because of overcharging and discharging of the battery it has happened to a friend of mine who had a samsung galaxy s3 and after 3 months after purchase he had his battery replaced by warranty . the reason they gave was that he was using the charger on for too long and it had affected the battery . personally it does not occur a lot but if it does its better to check it at a service center and get to know the problem clearly instead
you can not do it with the same google account that is made to sync with other clients . only alternative is use a separate google a/c imo .
you could try to disable google people ( contacts ) sync application using storage/apps menu item and then disable contacts sync option for google account . after that you should be able to add contact which is marked as phone only - not synced . hope this helps . . .
go to settingsstorageapps scroll to google contacts sync open this app select disable you can now add contacts without the pop up saying it will sync with google . it will say phone-only unsynced contact . also when disabling google contacts sync , a warning will say " may affect other apps" ; click ok anyway . when done adding contacts go back to storageapps , select disabled ( top right ) : google contacts sync will be there re-enabled , and your good to go .
i do not know sogo-connector and synthesis sync clients , but i am sure it is possible to select an account for synchronization . look for mylocalaccount in google play store . this allows to create a local account . once the app is installed nothing happened . even you will not find this app in your list . but now you are able to create an account which is a local one . you have to go to system settings -> accounts and create a new one . now you see a new account and you are also able to add contacts to this account . of course you have to configure your connector to add this account for sync operation . i am using myphoneexplorer to sync ( in combination with mylocalaccount ) all these things with success since almost 3 years . generally it does almost all i want to do . i can sync from different pc 's ( home and office ) . what i cannot do is to sync to different devices , for example to phone and to tablet with the same database on the pc . do you know , is this possible with your solution ?
a work around is to go via the phone dialler icon , click the three pips on the bottom right for options and select new contact . this will allow you to create a local contact , but no need to add the number here , just add the name . once your done , go back to your message , click the options button and select ' add people ' . it will allow you to add the number to an existing contact , so pick the contact you created a moment ago , selecting the device type . hope this helps .
the web app has not built a correct apk . to install a font , you do not need font-to-apk converters . just put ttf file on sdcard and use a font installer from play store . for this , rooted device is required . if you are not rooted , font-to-apk converters are useless .
you should be able to find it in /data/data/com . android . contacts - check the folders inside there . if it is not in there , then i am afraid i have no idea where it could be stored , as that is the only place that app could store it is files . next time , i recommend syncing them with your google account .
the nexus 7 ( with mobile data ) takes a micro sim card . see this page from google support on how you can insert and activate a sim card .
this is an error with your network setting . nothing is wrong with your device or the app . goto Settings -> More Settings -> Mobile Networks now go to Access Point Names click your APN , ( e . g . o2 ) delete the proxy and delete the ip address within it , so it is " not set " this was solved in the microsoft forums .
as far i know this is a security " feature " on android devices that do not let you open personal data through widgets when you set a lock code or a lock pattern . only works if you do not have no security set .
you can still put your own widgets onto the lock screen , but i can not figure out how to get the temp back .
im able to get samsung apps market app on my phone with no sim card it can etect country via wifi , works on galaxy s3
no , the samsung apps market will not start without a sim card , because the card is used to determine the country of the user . there is an app called " kies air " which allows you to connect your device to the kies app installed on your pc over wifi . but i doubt that you are able to upgrade the os this way . it is more meant for synchronization ( calendar , email , . . . ) use . imho you need a usb cable to update the sgs , either with kies or odin/heimdall .
there is probably no kies app for android , as @onik notes in the comments . i was mistaken probably when i thought that there is one .
take it to the samsung care and fresh install the kitkat rom all your problems will be solved . if you don wana go to samsung care go to sammobile . com find the suitable firmware and flash your device using odin .
note : techicnally you probably couled use a fat32 partition but i have had issues on several devices . for Link2SD you need 2 partitions : 1 ) fat32 this is your file storage , photos , media etc . 2 ) ext3 ( or ext2 or ext4 , but 3 has always worked for me ) partition . this is the part this will be recognised as new ' internal memory ' . there is a full tutorial on xda here and the keypoints are : next , create an ext2/ext3/ext4 partition ( i suggest ext2 cause it works on all roms and kernels ) . this is where your apps will go . i suggest a value of 512mb would be big enough . personally i use 1024 mb . open link2sd . you will be prompted to choose between ext2 , ext3 , ext4 and fat32 . select the one you used . it will say mount script created . reboot your phone now go to Link2sd &gt; Settings &gt; Check the autolink ( to automatically move apps upon installation ) to check your memory , select storage info . this will show you the current state of your internal memory , fat32 , and ext# partition .
it must be user error , because nxp tagwriter and tagstand writer both let me select fields from a contact to include now . i did switch to a contact in the phone as opposed to browsing for a vcf file .
i have found nfc tools to be a good app for this . you can write several default tag types , but they also offer a " raw " format , where you specify the mime type/header and content directly . i was able to make a version 3 vcard with a small png image included which worked well on several android devices . just be sure your vcard format is in spec when you do that , and be careful of space issues . most nfc tags can not hold more than a few hundred bytes , most on the market are under 1k .
pop off the back cover and make sure there is not a sticker or anything over the speaker or mic . you could try voodoo sound . it is a custom kernel for sgs devices but if you do not want to mess around with that you could just try the voodoo control app , it can do some improvements without the kernel . ( if you do use the kernel you really need the app as well . ) otherwise , i would assume it is a hardware problem and you should get a replacement .
i had the same issue this week . did the switching off of noise reduction and finally rebooted completely but still same problem . in desperation i stuck a pin in the tiny mic hole at the bottom of the phone and waggled it about . . . hey presto ! all sorted !
running adb logcat and rebooting my phone worked for me . requires the android sdk though .
i had the same problem on cyanogemod 7.2.0 htc wildfire . in the end i simply stopped the tb service through the android application manager and ran the batch operation again . it will continue restoring all the apps that have not yet been restored . this is a workaround , not a solution since you should logically be able to hit the home button and continue the batch process by simply accessing the notification .
the default browser does not have extensions , but what you are looking for might be found as android apps , for instance : " bookmark sort and backup " ( bookmarksb ) . the bookmarks themselves are considered part of android not of the default browser , but the addon would only have use through the default browser and there are changes made to the options in browser that you will not see in other browsers from installing this app . for serious stuff like effective ad blocking and changes to the hosts file you would need root access , before you can use full features of such addons , and in particular modify your hosts file . the hosts file would apply to your entire system not to a specific browser or application .
i searched for that one click root tool and found a post in xda 's amaze 4g forum that has a mac version . i would expect it to be the same as for the zte score , you can try it out anyways : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1310115
it is not a one click solution , but there are solutions depending on what you want to achieve : you can install android sdk and perform rooting with adb by using the tools extracted from a one click solution package ( the linked instruction uses the tools from a superoneclick 1 . x package ) . you can use heimdall ( which works fine on a mac ) to install a cyanogenmod rom . i did this using these instructions for samsung galaxy tab .
unless amazon releases their kindle fire source code , there will not be a way to mod a different android tablet to be a faux fire . i seriously doubt that will happen that is not to say that someone will not be able to put together some combination of mods and apps that might approximate some of the fire 's functionality , but that is a pretty daunting task , if amazon 's proprietary changes do not make it completely impossible . update : how about that ? amazon actually did release the kindle fire source code . http://latimesblogs.latimes.com/technology/2011/11/amazon-releases-kindle-fire-source-code.html update 2 : it seems that someone 's got something very close . android spin has details .
yup , it is perfectly fine . i do it regularly while playing games .
the pattern is not very safe , because you can simply do a data wipe in recovery . and you are in the phone . in addition the pattern can often seen in the screen , because you swipe everytime you unlock your phone this pattern .
at least on most phones you can just hold down the volume key/keys to get to the fastboot/recovery . from there one can easily get adb connection , even if you do not have usb debugging on , and access straight to the internal memory . from there it is even possible to root the phone to make it possible to edit internal files and disable the lock , like power-inside suggested . all this can be done in several minutes !
it is insecure depending on a few cases* . here 's a sample of an exploit that a hacker or an above average user can do ( with the adb tool and the phone connected to a pc ) :- exploit 2 * may only apply on rooted devices . ( not all adb commands require root though ) " usb debugging " should also be set prior to using the adb tool . but as eldarerathis said , some devices can also be rooted through the adb . in fact , a skilled hacker may also find loopholes for gaining access to the internal data . ( perhaps even find a way to utilize the adb without the usb debugging option ) the android pattern lock also has many glitches making it relatively unsecure . here 's an example . . while the exploits mentioned above and certain glitches may be fixed by google in the upcoming versions , a pattern lock remains a pattern lock . ie , it can be considered as a mere solid gateway to using the android 's user interface . a pattern lock does not encrypt the contents of a phone . it will not stop a hacker from playing around using the adb shell . he can view the internal memory of the phone etc using the adb tool which is freely provided in the android sdk also , the internal memory is pretty much compromised as there may be other ways to mount it or read it . all i can say for now is it would be better if you disable " usb debugging " unless you need it , as an added security measure .
you do not even need much technical know how to crack most touch screen phones . there was a white-paper written recently about the security of touch screen lock mechanisms ( and pattern locks in particular ) and breaking into these devices using purely the greasy smudges on the screen to get the unlock code . 8 conclusion in this paper we explored smudge attacks using residual oils on touch screen devices . we investigated the feasibility of capturing such smudges , focusing on its effect on the password pattern of android smartphones . using photographs taken under a variety of lighting and camera positions , we showed that in many situations full or partial pattern recovery is possible , even with smudge noise from simulated application usage or distortion caused by incidental clothing contact . we have also outlined how an attacker could use the information gained from a smudge attack to improve the likelihood of guessing a users patterns . . . . smudge attacks on smartphone touch screens ( pdf ) the rest of the paper is well worth a read too .
make sure you must put cache in obb folder . if its a file with . obb extension you must put it in obb folder but first make sure its in correct folder name and dont just copy in obb folder . for example it must be in this path : obb/com.ea.game.fifa14_row/main.128.com.ea.game.fifa14_row.obb
you must be online when you start it for the first time . that is the resource it is not getting .
i had the same problem and today i did find what was causing my problem . it just started yesterday , 2 weeks after i got the phone . and the only thing that was different is that i started using a generic ac charger that arrived yesterday . when i suspected it was the charger this morning , i switched back to the white samsung charger that came with the phone - and when the battery was fully charged , there was no ' beep ' , just a notice on the notification list . screen did not light up . so i suspect that the generic charger i had just received was overcharging the battery , and the phone must be designed not only to do an audible alert , but to keep repeating that audible and screen-on alert until the phone is unplugged . i have the phone charging on the white cable/plug that came with it , and i have a spare for travel . that is the charger i used up until yesterday - and never had a problem . so i think this resolved my problem with the battery full alert - and i will update again if it turns out that my problem is not fixed .
i am answering my own question , because i somehow solved it . i downloaded the battery doctor app ( the one featured by clean master ) and created a scheduled profile for night that has timeout set to 5 . also enabled ' charging screensaver ' . it is ok now . battery doctor takes over the touchwiz uselsss popups and notifications , and forces it to stand by after 5 secs . it is all ok now : ) . this is the app i am using : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ijinshan.kbatterydoctor_enhl=en
this is not a special extraterrestrial thing . the default user does not have root privilege . all those binaries are removed which can grant root access to default user . /system partition ( which contains sensitive files ) is mounted as read-only . as only root user can remount a partition with r/w access , you are out of luck modifying those files . .
yes , you are talking about wake-on-lan . and as far as i know , the device to be awoken this way must be plugged-in via an ethernet cable ( how else ? when it is turned off , so is its wifi ) . as for the network : either both devices have to be in the same network , or you have port-forwarding enabled on the router connecting the different networks ( otherwise your target cannot be reached ) . now for the remaining part : how to use your android device to trigger this ? you were asking for tasker -- and yes , that should be possible . there is a locale wake on lan plugin ( and locale plugins do work with tasker . i cannot see that tasker natively supports nfc -- but there is e.g. a youtube video , so there must be a way -- hm , maybe this locale nfc plugin ? so now there should be everything complete , and you can start testing : )
i do not know if it is open source but i use gtasks and i am very happy with it . it syncs with google tasks , has a nice ui , and you can add a new task by just giving it a name . -= edit =-
i think astrid is open source but you might want to check better because i am not sure .
i have got it ! i think this works . . . shuffle for android
i was using google maps latitude ( afaik shipped with stock android ) for that purpose . latitude is now integrated with google maps .
if you have froyo or newer ( 2.2+ ) you can use seekdroid ( market link ) or for lower versions the same company did find my phone ( market link ) . i have tested only seekdroid , works great with the web interface , with find my phone you only get the gps coordinates via text message , but you can input the coordinates to google maps for example .
disable antivirus in your system before extracting superoneclick and while running it
according to an answer i got a thread i made at xda developers , it looks like the phone actually is rooted because the whole idea with the cf-root kernel i used is that it comes pre rooted ( which makes me feel slightly sheepish ! ) .
best solution i have at this point for recovering usability of your phone would be to boot into download mode and flash a full suite with odin .
well , i guess this is the answer : how to go back to a stock android rom on samsung galaxy s2 ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hj1flxev1lc ) .
i have a nas that uses standard windows shares ( smb ) and i use the image transfer app to push all my new pictures and videos to my server over wireless ( it is a paid app but very cheap and in my opinion worth the small fee ) . also see this previous question : app to sync photos to a network drive over wifi ? which has a few alternatives and where image transfer came top . my device comes with a web-page interface , which is how i do most viewing of pictures , files etc
es file explorer has the ability to connect to any shared folder using smb , ill recommend you to give a try . if what you want is the possibility to copy files manually from/to your nas server from/to the phone , this is a perfect solution , its free , easy to configure and super easy to use . if what you want is an automatic sync of some phone folders to your nas shared sources , then you are searching for something else .
no . its up to the manufacturer to release new android versions for their devices . some devices will never get a new android version . only the devices from google ( nexus one , nexus s ) will get the latest android versions early and ota . the others may get the new version , but it is the decision of the manufacturer . custom roms may provide a newer android version , as the last official version that was released by the manufacturer . but this often only applies to popular devices .
**no . ** for an android phone to receive new updates , it must jump through several hoops . first , google . when google releases new versions of android , they get to determine the system requirements . while they have good reason to include as many devices as possible , they sometimes can not , or have to make hard decisions not to for the purpose of new features . furthermore , in the future , their motives may change . next , oem . if your phone is not a nexus or google play edition , the manufacturer of your phone must take the code released by google and make it work with their drivers , their skins , and their addon software features ( like gestures and such . ) they may find it is not worth their effort . they also have the motive of planned obsolescence in selling new phones ( if you loved the super duper x phone when you bought it , but the new os offers features you want that are not available on the old one , you are more likely to buy the super duper x phone ii . ) lastly , carriers . if you bought the super duper x phone for $199 , likely your carrier paid the other $400 that the phone actually costs , and plans to extract that money from you in an inflated-price 2-year contract . as the middleman , they likely demanded the right from the manufacturer to install some apps of their own . these apps must be updated by the carrier after the first two hoops have been jumped through . then , after that , the carrier must test the new software stack to make sure it does not crash their network . if your phone makes it through these hoops , then bam ! new ota software for you . but remember , this process can be short-circuited at any step . furthermore , those in the process know this . so , if you are , say , htc , and you spend the money , time , effort , r&d to update this phone , you will want to be damn sure that , say , verizon will do their part of the job and then finally approve the new version . if not , your effort is wasted . if you are not positive , you might not bother . a good illustration of this is the galaxy nexus . google made a promise ( which i think they meant to keep ) that this phone would get the newest updates first , for as long as reasonably possible . unfortunately , they chose to release a verizon version alongside the unlocked versions they themselves sold . verizon dragged their feet on updates , and the verizon version has lagged behind the unlocked versions for months on new updates . if you must have the newest updates , the closer the phone is to google , the better off you are . choose nexus first . choose google play editions next . choose motorola phones next . then choose the phone from the oem with the best track record for updates and the network with the best track record for updates . or learn to root and rom and take your chances in the wild wild west of phone software . . . .
i do not know for sure as i have not seen a philips phone , but it sounds like philips have put in their own sms app which does not use the standard text entry field . the little tab to help you position the cursor accurately is part of that , not part of the keyboard . if this is the case , then using a third-party sms application instead will make it easier to use . there are many on google play , so just try one out and see if it helps .
are you sure you have android 2.3 ( gingerbread ) ? because i think this is a feature that was added in this version of android . i know i got this when i upgraded my htc desire from android 2.2 to 2.3 . you can see some images below showing this feature in action . click the images for high-res . the first four images show this feature in my sms messaging app , and the last one shows the same feature in my browser . i use the stock apps for sms and web browsing that came with the phone . but like i said , i did not have this until i upgraded to android 2.3 . now from what i understand this is probably what you get when you try to do the same on your phone . something like that ? and maybe a magnifying window ? you need to make sure you have android 2.3 ( or higher ) also known as gingerbread . if you do have android 2.3 ( at least ) then it probably has to do with your sms messaging app . in that case you need to try a different sms app . here are some sms messaging apps you can try out . chomp sms handcent sms go sms pro
connect your computer with virtual hotspot created by android device . install any ftp server app on android device . it'll not give you ip of device for sure . : ) in your computer , find ip of Default Gateway of wi-fi network of step 1 ( in windows , you can use ipconfig cmd command ) . its the ip of your device . use any ftp client software on computer . use ftp://IP:Port ( port is generally configurable in ftp server app ) . enter username and password configured in ftp server app . done !
a simple way ( once you are set up ) that only requires a browser on the computer side is something like airdroid , webkey , or lazydroid ; which essentially turn your phone into a server , and which you can easily access from any browser ( even outside your local network - with dyndns you can also keep in contact with your handset if it " disappears " , w/o it you will have to see the phone or find it is ip address another way ) . essentially with a server app on the phone that is linked to a dyndns account , you can walk up to any pc , and access your phone no matter where it is ( barring firewalls , no signal , etc ) this allows you to sound an alarm , get gps and other sensor info , blank/lockout the screen , view the camera feed , run/interact with any apps on the phone , and lockout the ability to reset ( short of a batt pull ) . some programs work better than others depending on the device , i have all three on my atrix for full flexibility . i do not like to waste the processing on it , but you can also set up a persistent fileserv or even host a website . for full functionality or even for some of these apps to work on some phones you need root access and to make the apps superusers
i know this is too little too late , but . . . i tried to connect my phone ( lg motion on stock 4.0.4 ) and could not initiate a ad hoc network from the phone to my pc . i wrote this workaround using ' fast file transfer ' app to establish the ad hoc network and proceeded from there . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2272529 with a little tinkering ( maybe the wpa file hack or a custom rom ) i am sure i could get it to work through airdroid alone , but i find the stability of the stock rom as inherently better and this is a quick workaround .
at least on non-touchwiz devices the contacts can be transferred from Contacts -&gt; menu -&gt;Import/Export -&gt; From SIM to Phone ( or Import from SIM Card in later versions ) .
yes , just go to : Contacts -&gt; Menu -&gt; Import/Export -&gt; From SIM to Phone or you can view this more detailed article to help you : http://androidadvices.com/import-sim-contacts-android-phone/
when you are in contacts you have to edit your contact list by importing or exporting contacts . there is nothing on the screen to indicate how to do this but pull up the menu by pressing the icon on the very bottom left of the phone ( on the note3 this is not on the screen but on the frame around the screen ) and then you can click on import/export and move contacts to either device or sim . card by just going down the list and clicking on all the contacts you want to import or export .
i do not particularly want to have to delete my entire message conversation with that person just to get rid of an error message ; if anyone knows another way to get rid of the ' failed ' i would appreciate that too . you do not , you just have to delete the message that is failing . long press it , choose " delete " . how do i start a new conversation with someone on the same number ? how do you expect your phone to understand what messages belong in which category ? the only way i see this working is if there is a function to put " all messages from now on " in a separate conversation , but that is not a feature that exists in the standard sms application , and not in any app that i know of . dividing your past messages with a contact in two parts makes no sense , it would be even harder to find a message then if you can not remember what " conversation " you have put it in . not only would you have to scroll back to see it , you would also have to pick the right category . surely it is easier to sort the messages on a by-contact basis and just scroll .
this feature is called " fast charge " , and it charges your device slightly faster by disabling the usb data capability . it is not available in the stock rom that i know of , so you need a rom and a kernel that you know supports this . i am using aokp with the franco kernel and it works great on my galaxy nexus , so you could try that . ( there is even a quick toggle for fast charge available ) . there is probably not an unrooted solution for this . being prompted for driver installs ( at least on a windows machine ) is annoying it might be good to know that installing the correct usb drivers for the galaxy nexus in windows is not something that happens automatically . if you decide to root and flash your device , you will encounter this ; i highly recommend using galaxy nexus toolkit to make the procedure as easy as possible ( it is really not that hard ) .
have you tried ringdroid ? lots of people seem to have success with it . create your own ringtone , alarm , or notification sound from an existing audio file , or record a new one directly on the device .
hey man you can use this . notification lockscreen widget ( available for free in the google play store ) . it gives following features . view all dismissible notifications including missed calls , sms , facebook notifications , gmail , etc . launch the app directly from the notifications list . combine multiple similar notifications into one notification with counter . allow full original notification content as it appears on notifications bar .
fundamentally android requires the developer to implement encryption directly ( ie , there is no os supplied framework for this ) . to the best of my knowledge , there is no current android hardware with encryption built into to the hardware . the new " black phone " that boeing is reportedly making for the us defense industry is likely an exception to this ( the phone hw was specifically engineered for security ) . basically ios is encrypted by default , and android requires the devloper to implement encryption in their applications .
i would recommend you to download some camera manipulation app like vintage camera by fine droid devs though it would have been better if you had mentioned your device .
if you know the exact position to touch for focusing the camera , you can use adb shell input tap &lt;x&gt;&lt;y&gt; . this will simulate a touch on the particular (x,y) cordinates .
before you take a video , focus the camera first . i had a similar issue with a digital camera ( canon s95 ) . sometimes , i would get a blurry video . it turns out that i forgot to focus the camera first , before pressing the record button . the concept would be the same with a phone camera .
lies , damned lies , and equipment specs . i can print up a lovely sticker that says it'll output 1000a . does not mean it'll output that . it is significantly cheaper to make a low-power supply than it is to make a high-power power supply . making the latter means you need a bigger transformer ( with heavier windings ) , larger capacitor ( s ) , larger inductor ( s ) and higher current rectifier ( s ) , all of which add up to more money . if you are trying to make stuff on the cheap and are not worried about pesky things like ethics , you will go with the lower end components and massage the specs ( by testing at low temperatures , etc . this is especially common with computer power supplies which specify output at 25c , even though they would actually operate at ~40c unless you are using them inside a refrigerator ) , use theoretical values rather than actually testing the product ( saving money on qa ) , or just outright lie about the specs , the latter of which is probably the case with this charger , for reasons below . one big red warning light that your charger is substandard is that the ce mark ( which is used to indicate conformance to eu standards ) is fake . the shape of the letters and their spacing is wrong . a real ce mark should have the letters each forming a half-and-a-bit circle and should link up if you continue the arc , as shown below . a cursory glance at the mark on your charger shows it looks nothing like this . the ccc mark ( indicating compliance to chinese standards ) is also fake . other warnings signs include having no manufacturer listed and improper capitalization ( should be ma , not ma , unless they are claiming is can supply a billion amps . ) . in essence , to determine if a charger is likely to be substandard , apply the same thoughts as you would for determining whether a product is counterfeit . the only real difference between a substandard product and most counterfeits is whether a manufacturer 's label is forged or not .
aside from the actual power provided , there is another variable : whether the device recognizes that the charger is capable of putting out the rated amps . devices have some different strategies for recognizing what rating a charger has . now when connected to a computer , it is easy - the numbers come across during usb enumeration . but when connecting to a dumb charger , it is harder , and you do not want to try to draw too much , as that will cause the charger 's over-current protection to kick in and cut it off . i know that apple uses a specific set of resistors in their charges to produce specific voltages on the usb data lines . their devices then look for those voltages and take them to mean that they can draw some larger amount of current . the problem with this is that there do not seem to be a lot of standards on this detection - different devices seem to do different things . i would guess that your cheapo-charger does not do whatever the galaxy nexus requires to recognize that the charger is capable of 1 amp , so it does not try to charge at the higher rate .
even 10a charger will not fast that fast because android recognized your charger as 500mah . workaround https://dangerousthings.com/shop/android-fast-charge-usb-cable/ or by shorting data+ and data-
if smartphone is taking longer with cheapy charger for full charge , it means that the cheapy is giving less power . there is no exception or loophole with that . grab a multimeter and measure the output by your own . in this case , the printed specs ( 5v/1a ) may simply be wrong or there may be other things like cable , connector etc which are screwing the output .
just like resistors , chargers have error margins , it is just not written on them , simply because it should be negligible in the case of known brands . your phone will not even charge if the charger is deviating a lot from the designated voltage . it is not even supposed to harm your phone because modern phones have fail safe measures in them . now if the charger is having the right voltage , the speed of charging is dependent on the amount of current it passes . and here is where the problem lies with cheap chargers . cheap components affect the amount of current passing through them .
go download poweramp . best $5 i ever spent on an app . it includes lockscreen controls and i am pretty sure you can set up lockscreen gestures to do whatever you want . i will confirm this real quick on my installation . edit : confirmed on the lockscreen gestures . swiping left and right over the album art will skip the track forward and backward by default , from anywhere in the app or on the lockscreen .
yes , capacitive screens just need something that alters their capacitance : something conductive or a dielectric . as per usual , wikipedia has more information .
here 's a video on how to create a capacitive stylus for free ( as long as you have an anti-static bag laying around ) . from the page : in this video we show you how to create a free capacitive touch screen stylus out of a common piece of antistatic film . as many people know capacitive touch screens use an electrical impulse created by the operator 's body to register a touch point on the screen . the only problem with this is that if you are wearing gloves or need to make a precise touch point , capacitive screens do not work well . most likely many if not all of our tech-savvy readers have a piece of antistatic film lying around . simply cut the film to the desired length , roll it up , and ( if you want ) attach a piece of tape to hold it in place .
i tried various metal ( pins , tubes and foil ) and plastic ( antistatic bags and foam ) . i found nothing that was satisfactory . you have some level of control but it is not the same as your bare finger . my advice would be to keep it metal and keep it short . not all screens are equally sensitive so you have to play around . i have not tried a commercial stylus .
although this may be of no use , i found this amusing and thought i would throw it out there anyway . i was sitting at the dining room table , working on my home computer ( dell aio with touch screen ) . my cat jumped up on the table and was in my face , begging for attention . when he walked in front of me in one direction , i would lean the other way to see the screen . once in a awhile , the computer would jump to another app or pull up something i had not cued it to pull up . could not figure out what was going on and initially thought my computer was going wonky on me . since i was deep in my work , it took a few minutes for me to realize that whenever my little mister would walk in front of me on the table , his tail would occasionally brush up against the monitor , and . . . bingo ! my brain kicked in and realized that my cat was interacting with my computer . for a couple of minutes , i had some comic relief as i sat there and laughed at myself for not getting it sooner . so , i realize now that maybe a duster would work , but it sure would not be very precise ! ; )
notification light turns only when there is a notification for say facebook or gmail etc not for charging and all . there is no option of turning on the notification light at the time of charging in stock so if you need it then you can use light flow it allows to put custom led color at different events .
if your phone is rooted and got clockworkmod installed , then try formatting and creating an ext partition in clockworkmod . its the most simplest and easiest way to do it . it will automatically take care of your fat partition too . for more info , read this article
minitool partition magic did not work for me . instead , i formatted and partitioned the card directly through adb in cwm recovery using this guide on xda-developers forums . am using link2sd ( similar to app2sd ) fine now on cm 11 kitkat 4.4.2
i had the same problem . use minitool partition magic and set your card partition to primary partition . apply changes and that is it .
if you have got a replacement app , you could utilize tasker for that : condition : docked task : start app [ your-replacement-app-here ] on the next docking , you would be asked for the app to perform this action with . decide for " tasker " and see if it works as expected . if it does , make it the default next time . as alternate app you could e.g. use desk clock plus , which might even support this without the help of tasker .
i had the same problem . . . go to play store and update your google+ app and then try to sign in again . it worked for me .
check for a security notification under the notifications . i missed it at first on my tablet .
" does not work outside us currently . we are working on getting a fix out . " . . . told me les vogel who is the staff developer programs engineer - googletv so i think we will have to wait .
hmm , as said before i am afraid that there is no such setting available . but there is a handy little app that lets you create widgets that let you switch your networks with a single tap . so when you realize you are connected to your friend 's network , simply press the button on your homescreen and you will be connected to your own network again . you can find the app here : wifi manager .
not exactly what you may have intended , but still a possible solution : using an app like wifi qr code generator wifi qr share you can generate a qr code of your friend 's wifi connection , print it , laminate it ( for protection ) , and put it into your wallet . now , whenever you want to use that wifi network , take out the qr-code , scan it with barcode scanner -- and get connected . for a " log-out " simply disconnect , and remove the network from your list ( to keep your device from autoconnecting ) . not quite elegant -- but it saves you from typing the long password everytime . side-effect : print out the qr multiple times , and give it to your friend 's for other guests . do the same for your own wifi . now you never have to tell your passwords : to permit your guests to connect , somply show them the qr-code to scan ( and have them delete the network from their devices when they leave , as android stores wifi-passwords unencrypted ) .
if it was working before , try uninstalling the app ( s ) you put on it most recently . they might be the problem . after that , the first thing to try is probably a factory reset . edit : ok , so basically your rom is totally screwed up . i would just replace it . some official firmware is linked in this xda post . download whichever you prefer , then use odin as described below . download odin for windows ( search for " heimdall " if you are on linux ) . then do the following : put your phone into download mode remove the battery hold the volumedown , camera , and end call buttons : reinsert the battery . after a few seconds a yellow triangle with an android in it should appear , you can let go of the keys since this is download mode . start up odin . attach the phone to usb so that odin recognizes it . load the . tar file you downloaded ( the rom ) into the pda field of odin . ( if you got a . rar or . zip instead of a . tar , you need to extract the . tar inside the archive . a . tar . md5 file is fine . ) optional : load the 512 . pit file into the pit field of odin and check " re-partition " . you should only do this if you screwed up the partitions or perhaps if flashing without this does not work . make sure you have the appropriate . pit file for your device variant . hit start . odin will tell you when it is done ; if it fails , reboot your phone and try again . ( this happens occasionally ) . note that you do this at your own risk ; odin is very powerful and misusing it can damage your phone . i have used it dozens of times myself safely .
yes , connectbot supports pubkey authentication and tunnels .
that definitely does not make sense . unless they somehow turned off one core ( probably impossible without serious development effort ) and compared the transfer rate to when both cores were on , you can not draw that conclusion . one phone might have a different transfer rate that another , but it has nothing to do with whether one phone has a dual-core processor or not . the speed of the internal memory or sd card and the filesystem are the most important factors , and possibly the efficiency of the storage-handling code . all three can vary between devices .
there is a dirty fix to it , create an empty contact that is only the name but no number , then merge the fb contact with the dummy contact . should set it right , as i said it is a dirty fix but it works .
http://forums.androidcentral.com/t-inspire-4g/110483-phone-number-instead-contact-name.html htc is aware of the issue but there is no true fix for it yet . anything in that link is temporary , but it is insightful . htc should be working on a fix .
i believe most of the chinese tablet can do that . there is no negative effect but it might overheat .
download the gsam battery monitor ( formally knows as bad ass battery monitor ) it will keep track of the number of times and for how long each app keep the device awake . open gsam and go to the app sucker view ( icon on the lower left ) . then change the view to time held awake . to see the number of time an app held the device awake press on the app . ( click to enlarge )
check " wakelock detector " - wld at googleplay ( disclosure : i am the author ) choose " full wakelocks " option to see which apps are using screen wakelocks ! currently running processes are shown in green color , which makes it easy to recognize the suspicious app . here is a screenshot , where the ad notification was detected . it was waking up my screen randomly .
in order to determine , which process causing the wakelock , you can use betterbatterystats from xda . its proven over periods , the app provides clear list of what are all process causing the wake lock and their count as well . hope it helps !
yes there is a way . it is called foldersync . it allows you to set up folder pairs to sync and the full version even allows you to sync on changes . it also supports several other cloud services .
i have a galaxy tablet ( gt-n8013 ) . in the dropbox application , you can ' star ' specific files or folders to download to your device . this is useful if your tablet will be offline ( no wifi ) for a period of time . changes that you make to the document on the tablet will be saved to your dropbox folder , and when you re-connect to the internet will become available almost immediately . if you are going to be somewhere that has wifi , the dropbox folder allows you to open the documents from dropbox , use them , make changes or notes , and save back to dropbox . this makes it very easy to take documents to meetings via the tablet using the dropbox folder .
you could use a different account for the phone , and just share the folders you want to sync to the phone account . 15 oct saw a down-vote , so perhaps it was not clear . it is quite easy to share files between dropbox accounts . of course this is only relevant if you use a dropbox app that does not allow selective syncing . ( there are many dropbox apps )
you can use android device emulator for this . it is packaged with the android sdk and a virtual mobile device that runs on your computer . the emulator lets you develop and test android applications without using a physical device . link : http://developer.android.com/tools/help/emulator.html
here is bluestacks which gives you exactly all you want . 100 times better than emulator . i have seen my colleagues using watsapp , playing temple run ( not efficiently ) in that . you can root it too .
these codes are just samsung 's own version codes , and as far as i know , they have no logic , except that they increase alphabetically and numerically with each new release . you will have to either install and check the version they correspond to , or search for news of new firmware releases for your device to see what they upgrade . as for the pda/phone/csc , pda is the os itself , phone means the radio firmware ( gsm/cdma/umts/lte radio chip ) and csc stands for country specific customization ( or carrier specific customization ) , which provides regional customizations such as carrier apns , available languages etc .
in fact the charging time depends on two points : the output current of the adapter or the usb . the output current of the pc is only 0.5a , it may charge slowly than most of the ac adapters ( most of the ac adapters are 1a or more ) . the input current and the charging convert rate of the phone . different phones have different input current due to limited current protection for them . for example , the limites current for nokia is 0.5a , the input current is only 0.5a even you use an ac adapter with 1.0a output . beside , the charging convert rate is also different according to the models .
to charge at the maximum rate , the charger must identify itself as a charging device by shorting two middle usb pins . this is in the usb specification . proper chargers come like this . other chargers can be modified to short the pins together . i have personally modded a griffin usb car charger in this manner . before the change , it would charge in " usb " mode . after soldering together the two pins , the phone charges in " ac " mode . one caveat : i have not done any tests to see if this changes the charging rate , but it certainly charges quickly after the mod . everything i have read about this phone says that it will only pull 500 ma in " usb " mode . references : wikipedia entry regarding usb charging spec . look for the words " dedicated charging port . " amazon user review with instructions for modding a certain car charger .
i had this issue with my old g1 . the only resolution i was able to find was to do a factory reset on the phone and re-enter the google id with the @gmail . com extension , as os version i was running does not have the ability to remove your google account . newer os versions do seem to have the ability to remove your google account from the phone and re-enter it with the new extension as i have been able to do this on froyo at least .
the easy way is to go to your wifi settings , and hit Menu &gt; Advanced . it'll show up there , or you can set it to a static ip if you want . the cool way is to dial *#*#4636#*#* to open the testing menu . then click wifi information , then wifi status .
the easiest way is using a tool like e.g. os monitor , which shows you ( amongst others ) also a lot of network details : os monitor showing network interface details ( source : google play ; click image to enlarge ) as the screenshot shows , this app reveals for each network interface : interface name ipv4 ip address assigned ( if 0.0.0.0 , this interface is currently unused ) ipv6 address ( if available ) mac address packet statistics ( i.e. . transfered data ) a status  interface names might be handled differently on different devices . but in most cases you can tell from the ip where it belongs to . furthermore , rmnet is mostly used for gprs ( mobile data ) , while wifi uses names like tiwlan or eth .
i like netgenie lite for all sorts of networking info .
the ip address widget displays a small widget on your home screen with your ip address . i have been using if for a couple of weeks .
in this case an os upgrade solved the issue . for someone in a similar situation without an os upgrade ( or other fix ) in sight , it might be worth taking a look at vcard manager ( which claims to be able to open all types of vcards ) or contacts vcf , which says to open any .vcf file : vcard manager and contacts vcf ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants )
if do not want to root you can use http://www.androidcentral.com/sideload-android-apps-all-you-want-sideload-wonder-machine its much easier than side loading with adb
no need to load a custom rom . you have two paths possible -- you can simply use special software on your pc to sideload apps or you can do some edits to the configuration databases on the phone to bypass the block permanently . this page covers both methods -- http://samsungcaptivate.wikia.com/wiki/how_to_sideload
the first step is to root your device : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=739304 then you will want to try out some custom roms . that thread recommends using rom manager from the market . i would start there .
the window manager you saw is part of samsung android 4 . x o.s. and only works on samsung tablets . there are lots and lots of differences between samsung android and google android . i did a quick comparison for the galaxy s3 smartphone : here
there is an xda developer who created just such an application after becoming frustrated by facebook 's blatant disregard for users privacy . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2049360
these apps read your location for post location tagging , and there no apps that i no of that do not have the location permissions . there are some workarounds however : mobile site you could use http://m.facebook.com , which would only be able to gather ip based location , unless you allow it to access your location via the browser ( this is easily denied , and an option will be displayed when it first attempts to access location - you can just select deny . this is in the android browser ) . disable location services another alternative , is to just disable all location services in your settings menu prior to launching the app - the app can still get your location , but it would be very course ( to about town level ) . deny location permissions to app ( s ) if you are rooted , you can use an app such as permissions denied ( paid app ) to deny the apps the permission to access your location - be aware that the app may force close if it tries to do something it does not have permission to do .
lbe works on jellybean -- just not the version you install from the playstore . the boot-loop problem is a known issue ( so nobody can understand why the developer did not even place a note on the app 's playstore page ) . on xda you can find multiple threads discussing this issue , and at least one of them also holds modified versions of lbe to download . take e.g. a look at : [ app ] lbe security manager v4.3.2738 ( this is a new version only released in chinese -- but some xda members provide a translated version here ) [ app ] [ root ] lbe privacy guard - most powerful privacy protection app for android [ app ] lbe privacy guard v2 is now available alternatives to lbe would include : pdroid privacy protection pdroid manager ( open-source alternative to it )
a few apps for you to try out:- https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.stericson.permissions.donate
reinstall cm with minimal gapps , your /system folder is most probably full due to gapps-kk taking up too much space . http://goo.im/devs/banks/gapps/4.4.3
the general answer i am afraid is " you usually can not " . in principle there is nothing to stop a developer from writing a widget that supports multiple information sources , and allowing you to choose between them . in practice , though , that is often just more trouble than it is worth , as those different sources may deliver their data in quite different formats that the code would have to handle .
ok the gps started working again . i let the phone drain out of battery , then put a charger and let the sony logo show till the charge gets around 80% ( just left it for 20-30 minutes on charge ) . then i removed the charger and hard reset the device ( hold power and volume up key for few seconds ) . the device will shutdown and then restart it normally . google will ask if you had want to permit google to collect anonymous location data . press allow and check gps by opening google maps app , it is working :- ) ps : dunno what worked here ( probably the hard reset step ) , but i put all the steps just in case .
on my xperia play i have to hold vol down and power for longer than i did on gb ( it takes about a couple of seconds ) before it will take the screenshot . try the different combinations but hold them down for a couple of seconds .
press and hold the volume down and the power button at the same time . ( pressing the volume down slightly before the power and holding both . . will not work ) pressing them exactly at the same time and holding will work .
in general , you should never assume that any internet connection is secure . not even if you owned the hotspot . internet is built under the assumption that intermediary links are unreliable and not necessarily trustworthy ( not even your service provider or the backbone operators should be considered trustworthy ) . that is why we have developed various authentication and encryption protocols which can ensure secure communication through these untrustworthy channels . in short , use https or ssl when accessing informations that you do not want anyone snooping on and do not use apps that do not use https/ssl . gmail always uses ssl when communicating with google servers , although last time i checked not for calendar or contacts , though this may have changed since then .
a lot of people seem to be having problems with google play movies . if you have a look on the play store page there are a lot of people complaining that the app is buggy . lots of people have fixed issues by uninstalling and reinstalling , it may not help but it is worth a try .
if it does not work out of the box , which is the case with many android phones , then you have a few different options : a launcher replacement which adds this feature ( may not work with all roms ) a custom rom like cyanogen mod , which has this feature built in . you can read more about custom roms here wait for an official update which adds this feature . ( may never happen )
yzfr1 's answer helped ! when i installed htc sync there was only adb.exe but no fastboot.exe , using adb.exe and fastboot.exe from the sdk and putting them in htc sync 's directory solved the problem .
found a solution myself . the problem was that the adb and fastboot tools in the htc sync program did not work . i solved it by downloading the android sdk , installing platform-tools , removing htc sync from the path variable and adding the platform-tools directory in its place .
there is some documentation on the aosp site : getevent plus several howtos like e.g. android , writing events low level touch screen automated shell turning the output from getevent into something something that can be used how to emulate key presses adb shell sendevent , sending touch like events android , low level shell click on screen however , the answer to your question on google groups states : no , this is fairly device-dependent . getevent prints a summary of all the devices so you know what those are . the data generated for a device are generally the linux kernel 's event protocol , so you can look there for further help , but there is no guarantee that a particular device will be following those conventions .
that will depend on the factors for the kernel in question : if it has uinput enabled then that is good . . . touchscreen drivers , some initialize themselves to reside anywhere within /dev/input/eventx how the kernel handles the input , for the hardware buttons if this passes the three criteria above , then by reading certain events from /dev/input/eventx where x is a number - this will be determined at boot-time , depending on the ordering of loading the appropriate drivers . this will vary but you can try it out and see : adb shell cat /dev/input/eventx ( where x is a number , you will need to know before hand ! ) depending on which event it is then you can see funny things happening on the screen based on the appropriate /dev/input/eventx being outputted . the values are in encoded form , based on the kernel 's input structure - struct input_event which can be found in most kernel sources under include/linux/input.h . be careful ! depending on the touchscreen driver used , some , do not actually return the proper coordinates - that is left as an exercise : ) on the samsung gt-i5500 running eclair , /dev/input/event2 is the touchscreen and the values are in encoded form , this is not to be taken for granted as that will depend on what touchscreen driver is used . on the sony st15i , running ics , its , surprisingly , the same ! but on the zte blade , its /dev/input/event1 . incidentally , i did some work about a year ago , on creating a touchscreen for clockworkmod recovery which can be found over on modaco . the real painful part was trying to determine which event was the touchscreen and act on it accordingly which was ported over to zte skate , zte racer and samsung gt-i5500 .
what does the developer say ? seriously every single rom that i have ever seen contained detailed instructions and more often than not a faq of some sorts for this reason exactly . anyway , if the zip file contains a boot.img file than it is safe to assume that it will be flashed . the updater-script that handles the copying of files is generated automatically when the rom is compiled so unless someone removes it , the kernel will be flashed .
newer android devices do not support usb mass storage because it has a big shortcoming : the phone and the pc can not access the storage at the same time that way . this is because usb mass storage is a low-level protocol giving the pc low-level access to the whole filesystem . this causes knock-on problems when you connect your phone to the pc:- apps on the external storage can not run while it is mounted on the pc . music and other files on the external storage are not accessible to apps , so even apps that are not on the external storage might stop working or become useless . when the external storage is unmounted from the pc , android has to rescan it from scratch ( see media-scanner ) because it can not tell what has changed . there is no way for the phone to let the pc access the internal storage this way : android can not unmount the internal storage , because all apps need access to it , even the system apps . this also means there has to be a separate partition and filesystem for the external storage , which the phone can cope with losing access to . newer android devices often just have one big partition , and the " external storage " is simply a directory there . it is more convenient that way because you do not have free space split between partitions , but you can not use usb mass storage on only a directory . android can not enforce any filesystem security . the pc has complete access to the exported storage , below the filesystem level . this lets it access any file , and read the raw device data to recover deleted files . this might be considered an undesirable security hole . as eldarerathis points out , the external storage has to use the fat32 filesystem to work this way . this is not a shortcoming when it is a real sd card , but when it is really non-removable storage , it would be more useful to use a better filesystem . ( where i say " sd card " here , that means whatever storage your android device calls " external " , even if it is not actually removable . ) in contrast , mtp is higher-level , and allows android to arbitrate and to share access , just like when sharing directories or filesystems over a network . it even opens the possibility of letting the pc access the internal storage this way , but there are other restrictions around that unrelated to mtp . as eldarerathis explains , you need special software to access mtp devices from a mac , because mac os does not have the appropriate software built-in , like windows and some linux distributions do .
it sounds like no one has cracked the latest version of your firmware to allow for root access so you will have to downgrade to an earlier version of your stock rom . you may have already seen all this in your travels but if not , it may help . warning , this is by no means a definitive guide , but it is my best shot : downgrade your firmware : here is an old guide on how to downgrade , but it still should be relevant . here are old roms for your phone . root : this guide over at xda is pretty comprehensive . it was last updated in august , but it looks like it was edited just two weeks ago so it should still be good info . i would read through the thread and to see how it is been working for people . there may actually be more relevant instructions later on in the thread . again , i have no idea if this will work , so proceed at your own risk .
32.54.00.32u_5.14.05.17 seems to be latest radio ; this may help . .
check your apn settings . make sure it is pointing to the right one , http://www.t-mod.org/?page_id=72
i think i have found the solution . . . i upgraded my rom to the latest version ( just released recently ) : http://android-roms.net/desire/2011/01/22/oxygen-v2-0-rc7/ it is now perfectly stable and has not dropped out in 12 hours . . lets hope it stays that way : )
dunno if this has gotten answered , but had to deal with this today and the app groupy is great . you can even hide groups so it lists only the ones you want , it handles multiple accounts setup on the phone just fine , and i know for sure if you drop a shortcut to the app itself it will open right up once you tap the 1x1 shortcut on the desktop right to the listing of the groups . it also has some nice shortcut buttons to send an email , sms [ or mms ] right from that listing screen [ the icons are right across the bottom of the screen when the app is open . i did not see any widgets listed under widgets for it , but i have not gone extremely in-depth with it yet . i do not see a major need for them as when you tap the app shortcut the app opens right to a list of all the groups you have on the device [ be they system , or created by you the user ( if done via google contacts website be sure to either wait for the sync or go in to settings accounts and tap the account you modified contacts on and tap to clear then tap to add the checkmark back as that will cause it to sync right away [ or of course hit sync now button if you have that available instead if you prefer ] ) . of course if you go through and choose to hide any groups when you open the app it will only list that groups that have not been hidden . you can even choose multiple groups to send messages to by tapping the checkboxes found on the right hand side of the screen for all the groups you want to send your message to . please be aware for both email and sms or mms : some carriers/providers do put limits on how many contacts you may send any one message to in attempts to curtail people from spamming too many people at once . you will need to review the limits with your carrier in the case of sms/mms messages or you provider for your email account for emails . so if your groups [ or groups ] contain too many people your message may either fail to send at all or only send to soo many people [ depending on how your carrier/service provider choose to handle the limit ]
i had the same problem as you . i do not remember how i resolved it on my wildfire s . i only know , that i installed something like " group manager " , but could not find it anymore , and missing it after factory reset of the phone . but i am not sure , if advantage of making " group shortcut " was made by this app , because i have tried some other apps . there was one file manger and so . . . . and about your app . not bad , usefull . but on my wildfire s is slow . i think it is because of pic thumbnails . app i have used before showed only names and numbers . if you will rewrite your app , i can write you some hints . or if you want , please write me how did you make it . i am older , but have young son , which can continue or make it with you . regards
i do not know of any way to do this automatically , aside from some app i do not know of , but you can do it yourself by adding a new blank folder and then adding shortcuts to your contacts in it however you like .
okay , . . . there was no app that i could find that would do this . so , i wrote one . it actually uses home screen shortcuts , not live folders , due to the way they are implemented and the complexity of coding them . if anyone should be interested , i have since rewritten it . . . you can find the new one here : live groups .
i had the same problem with my device . a problem lied in the running apps that avoided the phone going to the standby mode ( for me it was e.g. my k-9 email client ) . therefore , i shut these apps down , connected my phone again to my laptop and it was ok .
go to samsung kies software , on top left of the window , click the menu > driver recovery . let it reinstall drivers after driver installation finished , go to your phone , settings> application > development , tick usb debugging mode . under usb debugging mode connect your phone to the pc with usb . it installs correctly ! disconnect from pc untick usb debugging mode connect again and it works ! courtesy forum . ausdroid .net- usb not working ( mtp restarting )
the hint from omar proved to be the best for me . i found out that a wallpaper app installed long extension files in my sd card and i happened to find a sub-folder named " cache " inside the folder carrying the apps name . once i deleted it and reinserted the usb cable onto the phone , " voil" , the pc recognized it again on mtp mode ! !
i have done a lot , including uninstalling nokia-related phone apps , switching to debug mode and usb mass storage mode for getting different drivers . the 18 mb exe located in samsung\kies\usb driver extracts many folders including . inf , but none is for mtp driver . the driver reinstalling option from kies also does not help . until i switch back to the default home screen , not launcherpro , not helauncher , but twlauncher , i get the ' mtp application ' screen on phone showing ' connected ' immediately . if this screen does not come up , it is impossible . so my final piece of advice is to restore your phone to factory setting and see if it is a problem related to what you have in internal sd . ( external sd removed of course )
first back up your data , all of it , internal and external sd memory . then connect your phone to your pc choosing the mass storage option ( first make it ask you before connect how to connect ) , then walk through all of your applications checking for any folder named cache or anything similar , then delete whatever is in it . if you came across any other kind of file that is cache or related to cache , delete it . this issue happens because some , most of them actually , cache files have a very long extension , and that prevents the mtp connection establishment . for me , i tried this in two ways , the first one , i formated my sd memory , both internal and external , and that did not pay off , then i tried the method i mentioned above and it worked , if it did not please reply telling so .
found the problem to be like one of the guys said in another thread . . . it was the external sd having most likely unrecognized characters ( at least to samsung kies ) or characters that are too long . . . i removed the external sd and ran kies and its working . . . might not be very useful to do it this way but i only needed it to update sw and manage contacts so its find : )
no need for any backup or any formatting your sd cards . all you need to do is just connect your phone , when it says failed go to device manager , uninstall it from there . unplug your phone , go to kies , open tools > install drivers . after installation plug your phone . . only tested on windows 7 x64 ultimate .
resolved my galaxy s connection problem on winxp 32bit by install this microsoft_user-mode_driver_framework_install-v1.0-winxp . exe edit : i think this has been replaced by the wdf . http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/en/details.aspx?displaylang=enfamilyid=36a2630f-5d56-43b5-b996-7633f2ec14ff
try updating your windows media player to latest version .
uninstall kies and all drivers , then reboot . download and install the appropriate drivers from this xda post . download and install kies mini from samsung . com ( support at the top , then just select your phone model and go to software ) . connect your phone !
if you do not mind having to completely re-configure it , and start as if you had just installed that app : go to settings  apps scroll to the app in question , tap it select to " delete cache " and " delete data " now you have completely " refreshed " it . with some luck , the app somehow offers to export its configuration ; if so , do that first , and re-import the settings after above described " reset " to save you from manually reconfiguring it .
it wants to be device admin in security . unstick the device admin and use a separate app like owa for exchange mail
in the ' create new android virtual device ' window in eclipse it says , " on windows , emulating ram greater than 768m may fail depending on the system load . try progressively smaller values of ram if the emulator fails to launch . " as answered here stackexchange-url there is a . ini file you can edit in [ username ] \ . android\avd [ avd name . avd ] \config . ini that you can edit by changing ' hw . ramsize=1024' to ' hw . ramsize=1024mb ' . i tried it and it worked for me .
i do not think that base android supports avrcp beyond version 1.0 . a lot of the community created roms have added support for the other levels into their custom systems . however the stock version does not have it .
while the logcat option recommended by ryan of course is a valid possibility , it is not the most user-friendly solution . i have got a better idea : ) apps started automatically after boot registered for a certain event , called BOOT_COMPLETED . to do so , they need to request this permission ( you find it under " more " on the playstore pages ) called " start after boot " ( or , with its technical name , BOOT_COMPLETED -- what a surprise ! ) . so to figure out which apps could potentially be in here , you can use a permission checker . there are many of them in the playstore , but i will mention only two of them to get you started : permissiondog 1 rl permissions 2 both let you browse your apps by permissions , and even try to indicate " potentially dangerous apps " -- nice side-effect in your case ; )
the samsung galaxy tab 2 7.0 does not support any form of video out . the necessary hardware was not included in the design for cost-cutting reasons . only the 10.1 has mhl capability . source : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=37032295postcount=110
the publisher of this app may have changed their package name when updating the app . usually , apps have the same package name for its entire lifetime , which is how the phone knows to update a current app instead of installing a new one . if this is the case , you should uninstall the old app . the quickest ( and easiest ) fix is to uninstall both and reinstall the latest version . provided the app 's package name does not change again during the next update , this should solve your issue .
looks like they have made a number of changes and fixes for bluetooth and ble . the changelog is here . you can just do a search for bluetooth in that document . this might interest you too . ( i am not sure what they mean by " do not merge" )
according to google i/o , ble will only be supported with android l . ( source : https://plus.google.com/117159045047546859181/posts/79nqfuwxezk )
i have no experience with this specific app , however here 's my two cents on the second half of your question . the android security model is very well thought out . android runs on the linux kernel ( a modified version ) and sandboxes every app through a variety of measures , including running each under a different user account . the biggest legitimate threat you have is installing malicious apps . most likely these will be trojans that ask for reasonable permissions ( reading your sd card , communicating with the network ) and use them for nefarious purposes . if i remember correctly , the malware prevention portion of avg works by scanning apps before you install them , much like desktop virus scans work . this is a reasonable way of protecting you , malicious apps can be added to a database and you are warned if anything you download ( from either the internet or the market ) is known to be bad . the only catch is that google usually removes illegal and malicious app from the play store within a few days of it becoming available . ( i have nothing but anecdotal evidence to back that claim up though ) so if you are installing a lot of apps from sources other than the play store , or you do not trust google to quickly catch malicious apps , installing an anti-virus is probably a good bet .
truth is , scanning consumes cpu cycles , which in turn consumes battery juice . . . also , if there is nothing to worry about , what are these av apps doing ? scanning with an empty database ? that is why it should be avoided at all costs and ignore the so-called anti-virus products as that is fear-mongering into scaring you psychologically and likely , end up " paying for their product " so that you had feel ' safer ' and lulling you into a false sense of security ! ultimately it boils down to a bit of common-sense and double-check on the reviews and weigh it up carefully , users are not likely to bother reading what sort of permissions there are , the reviews , and so on , especially , from countries where buying an app is impossible due to legalities and restrictions within that country 's jurisdiction and laws ! in relation to permissions , that is why developers post explicitly on the overview page on the play store , what sort of permissions there are and explain it , around the top of the page , due to the fact end-users themselves are not bothering to click on the ' permissions ' tab page ! henceforth , for some users , who do not want to buy , they ultimately end up being the victim and also for users from these countries , which end up resorting to downloading from unknown and dodgy websites , so do not be downloading from dodgy warez websites either ! pro-tip if you happen to be in one of those countries or that you do not want to buy , email the developer of the app personally and ask them if some sort of agreement can be made , it can be done , perhaps by using paypal or similar . . . developers are not " out to get you " , in fact , they are friendly ! : ) yes to be blunt , android apps can easily , be modified by someone who has knowledge of the code , due to their nature , and quite likely , to have some malicious code ( read not virus . . but a trojan ! ) that fools the user , into thinking the app is " all-good " when in fact behind the scenes , it is sending out some logs/emails etc . . . that is often the reason why there should be a firewall in place to block unknown apps for a few days and monitor it . the sad truth , is , no-one gives a damn or care about that and end up posting " why is my phone bill so high ? " or " why is my battery getting sucked down very quickly ? " it is those clues that are the dead-giveaway of something quirky going on and should set off alarm bells in the head as in " oh , that is funny , ever since i installed x app , this started appearing " but are the end-users going to care . . and carry on in denial . . . ? that is where the so called anti-virus software vendors kick in . . . hence a vicious circle ensues . . . not to be an alarmist , remember this much : android is not equal to windows where viruses and malware are more commonly seen and prevalent !
anyone had this message when scaning settings ? : your phone settings are ok , no misconfigured settings were found . the scan confirms the integrity of the phone settings , the linux enviornment settings , linux core level settings , sytem process , network card ( nic ) , detect network problems and can identify jail broken devices and sim card replacement .
finally found solution via editing /data/data/com.android.providers.settings/databases/settings.db file via sqlite3 . just adb pull that file to your computer , if you use stock recovery you must mount userdata partition manually , in that case see android adb shell recovery mounting for hints . also you can not just pull the file directly but copy it inside adb shell to your sdcard or some intermediary filesystem . eg . busybox cp sett* /sdcard to get rid of the initial setup : yes , the device_provisioned must be present in both tables . however on the stock jb there was no global table , so you do not need to take care of it and the secure table is missing some records we update here so these need to be inserted instead . on stock jb before editing the settings . db run PRAGMA wal_checkpoint and PRAGMA journal_mode = DELETE described here : stackexchange-url otherwise updates on existing rows will not take effect because android will rollback on reboot . for cyanogenmod 11 just delete the settings . db-journal file and it should be ok . it was neccessary after pushing the settings . db file back to folder on device to chmod 660 settings.db chown system:system settings.db  in this order , because chmod may set the owner and group back to root usb otg mouse is still not working sadly , so i guess i must get access for adb anyway . to enable usb debugging ( adb ) : setprop persist.service.adb.enable 1 ('setprop persist.sys.usb.config mtp,adb' if needed)  settings . db : update secure set value=5037 where name='adb_port'; update global set value=1 where name='adb_enabled';  after booting dialog to confirm pc 's fingerprint appears . to avoid this get your adbkey . pub ( on linux may be located at ~/ . android ) : adb push adbkey.pub /data/misc/adb/adbkey.pub cat adbkey.pub &gt;&gt; adb_keys  after all of this you can input tap|swipe|text anything to control your phone and get access for bluetooth or otg mouse/keyboard etc . i hope this helps . the fingerprint injection is needed for android 4.2.2+ . thanks to xda-developers and android issues with adb security at code.google.com.
i had the same problem . solved it by installing sharekm ( app that allows you to control your android phone with a pc 's keyboard and mouse ) . after you run the sharekm app it will probably tell you it is outdated and you will not be able to run it . a workaround ( found in this xda thread ) is to first kill the app , clear its cache and set the date on your phone to 3/30/2014 .
the info i am finding suggests that you need a 4-ring trrs connector to use a mic , and that the bundled sound recorder app will ignore this regardless and just use the internal mic , so you will need a different recording app .
when adb shows devices as ???????????? it is usually a permission problem and the usb device file . your udev rules does not seem right . make sure that you have udev configured to something like this : SUBSYSTEM=="usb", SYSFS{idVendor}=="04e8", MODE="0666"  where 04e8 is samsung 's usb vendor id . under linux there is also an adb_usb.ini from the sdk where you have to add the vendor ids : ~/.android/adb_usb.ini # ANDROID 3RD PARTY USB VENDOR ID LIST -- DO NOT EDIT. # USE 'android update adb' TO GENERATE. # 1 USB VENDOR ID PER LINE. 0x17ef 0x1949 
in s4 , eye movements are tracked by front camera . in this principle , the persons eye focused within the front cam is taken into consideration . ( this doesnt works when there is no light or dim light ) . this works well based on the viewing angle ( around 45degree or something ) of persons eye and device front camera . this makes the possibility of detecting , one persons eye . so the play/pause depends on the single user not the multiple people . this makes sense when there is lot of crowd behind the user who is watching the video .
check this article out . using m . boomeranggmail . com you can sign in with your gmail account and schedule delivery times for your emails . as of now there is not a standalone app , only the mobile web app . but it will do what you are wanting !
when you download music from the play store , it stores it all on your account online . the best part of google music is that you can store up to 20,000 of your own songs online for free and then however many additional songs you purchase from the play store . these songs can be streamed at any time , or you can cache certain songs to listen to later when you do not have an internet connection or do not want to use all of your data . the downside to this is you never really have the music on your device . because of this , i am not sure you can use a song that you got from the play store as your alarm . you might be able to check in the file system to find where they are stored after they have been cached . or you can download the song onto your computer , and then copy it manually onto the phone and then use it as an alarm . edit : i have been looking all over my phone 's file system trying to find where the offline music is being stored , but i have had no luck . even after going to the location where every answer on this site says the offline music is stored , i still can not find the music . if you would like to check , this question appears to work for most people finding the offline music . from there you should be able to set the offline music as your alarm .
you could try downloading your music in mp3 format from google music through your pc and then put it on your phones sd-card . then you should be able to set the mp3 as an alarm sound .
.Trash-1000 is a metafolder like windows 's recycle bin , normally created by ubuntu ( and perhaps other linux variants ) . have you deleted anything on your sd card from your pc ? that would explain it . you can safely delete it . see also : http://superuser.com/questions/169980/what-is-trash-and-trash-1000
voice notify may help as well . it is not necessarily practical in every situation ( i.e. . meetings ) , but can be handy at home when your phone is charging across the room and you do not want to have to get up to look at it every time it buzzes .
you should see a notification icon in the bar at the top of the screen . swipe down and you can click on the notification to load the application that generated it . in addition you can install sms popup or something similar to display the details of the sms on screen immediately . i have not found anything like this for email though .
you can safely remove flash and facebook . android browser will not be able to play flash content after you remove it . that is the only downside of it , no breaking or anything else . most of the vendor installed apps are installed in system partition . even if you delete those apps you can not use that freed up space for installing regular program from market .
see this page on the cyanogenmod wiki which gives a pretty detailed analysis of what apps are " safe to remove " from the os .
@roxan is incorrect , it is not safe to remove stock rom apps . if you do so , any future updates from your carrier/manufacturer will not install . a much safer method is to use an app like titanium backup to ' freeze ' the apps , preventing them from being seen by the system and running/being updated . if you really feel the need to uninstall them , you can use titanium backup to back them up first ( requires root ) . that way you can restore them from backup in the future if you need to apply a rom update .
i am not 100% sure about that device , but my samsung galaxy s vibrant would wake itself up when it was on the charger , after it was fully charged . this , to me , was the dumbest thing they did .
apparently its a known issue accordingly to this modaco thread specifically posting #8 still have a standby bug , ( it has a " self wake up" ) perhaps toshiba has released a fix by now , or , try another custom rom , perhaps on xda maybe . . .
i think that you have mis-interpreted for applications and all in-app products that you choose to sell on google play to mean all purchases made through apps distributed via google play rather than purchases made using the google play store . when you use the ebay app they do not take payment via google play and therefore do not need to pay google 30% . having said that . . . as mentioned by dan hulme the google play terms prohibit using other payment mechanisms for purchases that are are entirely within the app ( i.e. . excluding magazine subscriptions , other kinds of downloadable content , and purchases of physical goods ) app purchases : developers charging for apps and downloads from google play must do so by using google play 's payment system . in-app purchases : developers offering virtual goods or currencies within a game downloaded from google play must use google play 's in-app billing service as the method of payment . developers offering additional content , services or functionality within another category of app downloaded from google play must use google play 's in-app billing service as the method of payment , except : where payment is primarily for physical goods or services ( e . g . , buying movie tickets , or buying a publication where the price also includes a hard copy subscription ) ; or where payment is for digital content or goods that may be consumed outside of the app itself ( e . g . , buying songs that can be played on other music players ) .
the simplest method is to use the email conversation option from within a conversation . tap the overflow menu ( 3 dots ) , the more > email conversation . that brings up a popup allowing you to either attach media files or send the chat without the media files . there is also whatsapp toolbox which has similar functionality but requires root access .
not very active if you use apps like alogcat . the permissions system regarding to logs was changed with jelly bean : the permission to read logs " read_logs " is now systemorsignature , which means that an app that is not signed with the rom/system key can only view its own log . you can still view the full android log with adb logcat from the sdk . i think that this was a long overdue change in the log system .
suggestion : use tasker to disable screen timeout for your app . this may prevent it from going to the background .
to the first part of your question ; how can i get more information about what apps are killed when and why ? the android sdk has a quick summation on the android memory http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/fundamentals.html by default , every application runs in its own linux process . android starts the process when any of the application 's components need to be executed , then shuts down the process when it is no longer needed or when the system must recover memory for other applications . so effectively android can be summarized as killing programs when it determines you are not using it ( i clicked quit in the app ) , or when it runs out of resources . for example , if you have 512 mb of ram , and 10 free and you launch an app that needs 12 it will try to determine the least used app it can grab 12 from . it tends to do this pretty well ( at least in my experience ) . you might be able to go home from your game , and do a couple things , but on the third thing it will evict the game . keep in mind how resource intensive games in particular are , so it is likely it will kill that app sooner rather then later . now the reason it disappears after time , is that you likely have sync processes trying to start and compete for resources . the apps memory pages have been hit very infrequently at this point , so it is fair game to any memory reclamation the os feels is necessary . to your second question ; how can i set it up to allow this app to continue running ? i do not use a task killer , but i am pretty sure the good ones ( seems like atk is the leader https://market.android.com/details?id=com.rechild.advancedtaskkillerfeature=search_result ) have an exception list . it might be possible to whitelist the game you want , and blacklist the other processes . i am also not familiar with this game , so i am not sure what auto-save abilities and such this has . hope i was some help .
i am pretty sure that isnt an option in the default design of android . i have never personally seen an app for such things because most people desire the programs to shut down to keep the speed of the phone up . it is the android system that is shutting unused programs down . the creator of the app would have to design a service to keep it running in the background or possible like an always on calculation or audio so the system would think the program was doing something . that would eat up your battery .
how to get more information what apps are killed and why ? you can connect your phone to adb ; and then turn on logcat ; saving output to file . in log file you will have ton 's of info ; by searching for you app name ; you can find out when it gets killed . what can you do to prevent it from getting stopped by android system ? i do not know ; hopefully randy answer will work . however ; i would contact the developer and tell him the problem , because he/she should have the easiest time to fix it
languages support i guess , plus the build number targets the specific si numbers found underneath the battery hence the differences between them , however minor they may be , to target the region itself .
the google now option for note to self might work for you . . . it does not do a voice memo , but it will let you leave notes to yourself .
existing app users will still be able to receive app updates , even if you unpublish your app . so a existing user can go through google play > my apps , and review your app . only the new users are unable to find it . source : https://support.google.com/googleplay/android-developer/answer/113476?hl=en
you can generally install cyanogenmod without wiping as long as you are within the same major release ( i.e. . 7.1 -> 7.2 is okay , 7.1 -> 9.0 would require a wipe to boot properly ) . worst case is that you bootloop , usually , so you can always try it and then go back into recovery and wipe if it does not work . it is never caused problems for me before and i put nightlies on my devices on a fairly regular basis ( 2-3 times per week , usually ) . the cyanogenmod team has also noted this in the past on their blog and in other places . the 7.1 announcement , for example , stated : upgrading from any previous cm-7 release or nightly build should be smooth and no wipe should be required .
it could be a manufacturing fault in your particular tablet , but it sounds more likely to be an error in that model . perhaps the system integrator did not put applications ' data on non-volatile storage , or screwed up the shutdown sequence . if this is the case , updating the system may fix the problem . check with the manufacturer . if you edit your question to include the make model name of the tablet , you may find someone else who has one and can help .
android supports usb controllers ( using the standard usb hid profile ) and bluetooth controllers ( again , if they use the standard bluetooth hid profile ) . wireless controllers that use a special wireless receiver probably will not work with android ( but they might if the wireless receiver acts as a usb hid device ) . to use a usb controller with your phone , you need a usb-on-the-go adapter so you can plug the usb cable into the usb-on-the-go socket on your phone ( i.e. . the same socket you use to charge it ) . in addition , the game needs to be written specifically to support game controllers . the description of the game on google play will probably mention controller support . it might have settings for the button layout ( since not all controllers use the same layout ) , or it might be designed for one kind of controller in particular ( such as playstation controllers and clones ) . there are even some bluetooth game controllers designed specifically to work with smartphones , such as the moga pro . they have the conventional button layout , and often include their own app store selling compatible apps and games .
one option to automatically send an sms on every missed call is an app available from the google play store : missed call auto sms ( no ads ) missing phone calls ? unable to attend your phone always ? here 's a solution : send an auto sms , instantly . benefits :  no ads  small app size .  free for life . how to setup : install the app ; once installed , open it and type in your sms text : please take note that the sms is the same to all missed calls . also , it will be sent to all missed calls . ( a fee from your mobile network operator may be applied ) what will others receive : recipients of the sms will receive your text message along with some publicity to the app :
on android 4.1 . x with enabled native sip call stack : internet call settings > enable incoming calls if you set your did account correctly and your sip provider supports did , then you will be able to receieve calls .
install the app sipdroid and setup/use with google voice . this is the way i use sip and it works perfectly .
there is a separate downloads app , which shows a list of downloads from all apps . downloads are saved in the " downloads " directory in the sd card , which means that downloaded videos show up in the " downloads " album in gallery .
i do not have an answer to that . i do have a workaround for it though . download this app from the play store called automateit . it is an app that allows you to make the phones to respond to certain situations . you could make a rule for the phone to follow , maybe something like : turn auto sync on when screen is turned on . hope this helps .
the reason is that android 1.5 and earlier did not require the application to specifically request those permissions and automatically granted them . since android 1.6 , those permissions have to be specifically requested by the app . however , if you specify that your application can run on devices with android 1.5 and less , then that permission is added to the application by default and the market shows that permission as being requested by the application . so in summary , the application may not actually be accessing your " phone state and identity " but if the developer specified that his/her application can run on devices with 1.5 or less then that permission will be shown .
it allows the app to read a unique id ( a phone identifier named imei ) that is associated with your phone . it can therefore help with copy-protection or the attempt to track the number of users .
there is another reason for this than the unique id . i would guess that half of the apps do not access those values at all . the problem is that for a lower version up to android 1.5 this permission does not exist . everybody could access these values without requesting something . therefore if you create an app that is compatible with 1.5 this permission will automatically be added to emulate the lower security of android 1.5 because of that you could ignore this permission in most of the times because it tends to be just a compatibility issue .
the ad providers can use your phone identity to opt you in to telemarketing lists . as long as you have the app you are doing business with them and , by law , they do not have to remove you .
many ad publishers use this permission to get the phone id for all sorts of tracking purposes . there are other ways to get a unique id , but unfortunately they are buggy in older android versions ( the story is more complicated , see e.g. stackexchange-url or http://android-developers.blogspot.com/2011/03/identifying-app-installations.html for a more complete story ) . so if the app uses advertisements , there is a fair chance that the app itself does not actually need the read_phone_state permission , only the ad provider does .
this question has been bothering me quite some time . so now , finally , i decided to get to the bottom of the issue . the playstore has an app named permission . read_phone_state , which requests READ_PHONE_STATE as the only permission , and does nothing else than printing out all data it can access with or without using it . i have installed that on my lg optimus 4x , being rooted on stock android 4.0.3 , and revoked the permission using lbe . results where pretty interesting , as the following screenshots show : information gathered by the app permission . read_phone_state ( click images for larger variants ) as you can easily see , even some information the dev though inaccessible without the permission , was freely accessible : my mailbox number ( remark : yes , it is the correct one ; with my provider that is the shortcut when dialing from your own device , so i can freely display it ; ) at the end of the first screenshot you see : CALL_STATE_IDLE . so no phone call incoming , outgoing , or in progress . no app needs this permission to " background " itself on incoming calls . it is even possible to see whether mobile data are active ( DATA_DISCONNECTED ; i was on wifi when taking the screenshots , as you can see in the notification bar ) , which country you are in , your provider ( including some technical data on him ) , whether you are having a sim card , or if you are in roaming . the only things not accessible hence are identifying data : imei , simid , imsi , and your own phone number . conclusion : this permission is only needed for identification purposes , nothing else . why do so many apps need it then ? for the ad modules , most likely 1 because the dev thought he needs it ( as pointed out by some answers here ) 2 because the app in question is designed to ( also ) run on android 1.5 and below ( easy to find out , as that is listed on google play ) . likelihoods in exactly this order , imho . 1 note by dan 's post on chat : google play policy now forbids apps from getting your imei to identify you for advertising purposes . all the ad libraries have been updated now to use the google-play-services-provided " advertising id " , so any that still use the imei for this purpose should be reported to google . as it is hard for the user to tell what the app is using the imei for , you should ask the developer to explain first . 2 another developer just pointed me to a subtle difference : while the permission is not needed to read the current call status ( as i have pointed out ) , it might be needed to register a listener in order to be notified on changes of the call status ( see : detecting incoming and outgoing phone calls on android ) . while there seem to be means of handling this automatically when the system calls onPause , that might not always be suitable : think of your alarm clock . you might not want to have that automatically stopped on an incoming call  especially not when your profile is set to ringer volume " muted " . 3 again a correction from dan : you only get the default extra permission if your app 's " target " version is 1.5 . if you target a later version but your min version is 1.5 , you do not get the permission added automatically . updates interesting that there is an open issue ( 21504 ) to divide READ_PHONE_STATE in what is needed to a ) detect incoming calls and related ( telephony ) , and a second permission for the identification details ( imei , imsi , etc ) . opened 11/2011 , still not worked on . star it if interested : ) and yes , there is a way to achieve the same ( detecting incoming calls ) without the READ_PHONE_STATE permission , as e.g. pointed out by arno welzel . as an incoming phone call would trigger the ringer , that event could be used with onAudioFocusChange() , which does not require any special permission : if triggered by that , the app could check the callstate ( again , without any special permission required ) to see whether there is an incoming call .
i was having the same problem . i downloaded the stock verizon messaging app and then handcent worked fine both ways , i hope this helps .
below is a summary of what i done : check signal - done reset network settings - done check carrier - done ( am able to send text via old iphone 4 ) verify that every phone number in your contacts list includes an area code . ( done ) when sending to existing contacts , ensure that your contacts include the full phone number , and not just the information needed to dial locally . ( done ) if you have recently ported your number from another carrier , please contact your current carrier to verify that the porting process has completed successfully . ( done : this is an old carrier , it is not an issue as i am able to use the same sim card to send text via my old iphone 4 ) perform a full restore back to factory original setting ( done )
i found that this only affects at and t customers . also , i have tried putting my sim card into another iphone and turning off imessage . no luck .
group texts may not be as simple as you think . . . what may android users do not realize is , many of the " interface " features are not part of the stock os but is part of the skin that the handset manufacturer or the wireless provider put on it . i have been told that the newer versions of android ( jellybean for instance ) has more functionality so these " skins " are not as heavy duty . also many manufacturers take insult to the term " skin " because of the amount of development and changes they make to the functionality of the android os . this is not a good or bad thing , this is just the nature of android . that being said , let 's talk about imessage vs sms . imessage is a service that apple created to allow iphones , other apple devices and macs to talk to each other . when an iphone user is sending an imessage , their " send " button is in blue . if an iphone user is sending to a non-apple supported device , it automatically uses sms and the " send " button turns green . when sending a group message , if any one recipient in the list is a non-apple device , the whole message is sent using sms ( green button ) . i have found that some android phones receive these messages find and some do not ( again because of the effort made by the manufacturer ) . but before you blame apple or at and t , i have seen them have the same issue regardless of carrier or device . i have friends with iphones on multiple carriers and i have friends with android phones and blackberries and other types of devices . it is only certain manufacturers of some android phones that seem to not support this group messaging . the reason why i am on this site , is because i was hoping to find a solution for one of my friends who can not participate in the group texting . . . it sounds like there may be a few 3rd party apps that she can try out . since my other android friends do not have this issue , we know it is just a limitation of her handset .
you can send in handcent but can not receive . because of this , i am switching back . no 3rd-party works to receive group imessages .
i just switched from a sprint gs3 to a verizon razr hd and i can group message with iphones fine now .
this is the most fascinating issue that i have seen in a long while . and it is clear that samsung is turning a blind eye ( i have read that there are some whose phones work fine with the stock ics messaging app ) . this problem is posted all over every forum that i have searched . and the only answer is gosms , or handcent , or blah , blah , blah . i count myself among the many that would like the group messaging to work in both directions . one would think that one of the most basic functions of a smart phone would not have such an elementary problem . after searching high and low , i am of the belief that the stock messaging app can not do bidirectional group texts and that a third party app is the only possible solution . like many other iphone converts , it is a shame that i have to admit that my awesome s3 has such a fundamental shortcoming .
if you switched from iphone either go to app-store or take sim-card out and put into any iphone and turn your imessage off by going to message settings then turn off imessages and finally put the sim card back in your phone . hope this helps .
in recent years , apple has sold songs on itunes without drm . you can convert them to other formats pretty easily , then just drop it onto your moto x using a usb cable ( or even just email it to yourself , then download it using your email app on the phone ) . music stored on the phone should automatically be added to your " on device " library in the play music app . i would recommend making sure you save it somewhere standard like /sdcard/Music/ for your convenience .
i do not like itunes much , but i keep it around because i still have an ipod floating about . i have the google play music uploader synced to itunes . so , were i to buy a drm-free song in itunes ( and it , of course , is locally downloaded ) it will automatically be converted ( if necessary ) and added to my google play music library and i can pin it to my device for offline enjoyment . the only time this does not work flawlessly is when the source song has drm on it . if i recall , though , everything coming out of itunes these days lacks drm . ( at least , music is that way . )
download and install the itunes app
have you restarted your device since removing the app ? if you have simply deleted the . apk using root explorer then then it will not have performed the ' cleanup ' that normally happens when uninstalling an application . restarting your device should cause the app drawer to re-detect the installed apps and the icon should disappear . this answer ( relevant part quoted below ) explains a bit about what happens when uninstalling an app ' properly ' , this will not have happened if you have simply removed the apk file . when you uninstall a package , it also removes other data to do with that package : for example , the app 's own private data , its data on the sd card , your default preferences for that app . it also tells any other interested apps that you have removed the app , via an intent broadcast . other apps receiving that broadcast might take further action based on that : for example , a launcher ( home screen app ) would remove desktop shortcuts and widgets from that app , since they will not work any more . also , make sure you have checked /data/app as there may be another apk for google drive there if you have updated the app via the play store . if you remove the apk from here too ( if it exists ) then the icon should disappear . a reboot may still be required .
this is a firmware issue , and needs to be addressed by the manufacturer . if you have done a factory reset , then you should contact the manufacturer and tell them that after the latest upgrade , the contact and phone app no longer work . they should release a new upgrade to fix this issue .
i am not sure what you think cyanogenmod is , but it is a custom rom . it replaces the whole os on your phone . you need to factory-reset when flashing it because the built-in apps and settings are ( or might be ) saved in a different format to stock android : if cyanogenmod tried to read the settings saved by stock android , it would go wrong . if all you want is to change track using your volume keys , you do not need cyanogenmod for that : just install a music player app that offers that feature .
while there is some conflicting information , the limit at which the market adds the wifi tag appears to be 25mb .
good question . i believe the answer has been recently changing , because while i was initially under the same impression as saintwacko ( thinking the cutoff was 25 mb ) i have been unable to find any google documentation defining such a limit . what i have found is that the maximum apk ( app ) size is 50 mb . developers can also choose to use up to two apk expansion files to be downloaded along with with the app 's apk , each of which can be up to 2 gb . even for these larger expansion files , though , i could find no mention of wi-fi only download restrictions ( unless explicitly required by the developer ) . i remember seeing the wi-fi download flag you mention on some larger apps that i use personally , but today i have gone back to those same apps and do not see that flag . as best i can tell this policy has changed .
android itself does not provide such a tool , but you can use firewalls that require root , if your device is not rooted , so no problem , there are some applications that use some trick that can prevent apps from being connected to internet , such as noroot firewall . the trick of noroot firewall is that it opens a fake vpn connection for making the phone to send all the packets to the application then you can define for the application which one to allow and which one to deny . so it does not require root access . if your device is rooted you can use droid wall and it will do what you want . you can download it from google play store . note:i am using noroot firewall on my xperia s and xperia z1 for a long time , even my xperia s is rooted but i still use this application for blocking apps from being accessed to internet .
try updating the driver in device manager .
when you initially set up two-factor authentication you should have been given a set of 10 single-use passwords and told to store them somewhere safely for use if the authenticator on your phone was unavailable . alternatively if you do not want to use one of them , log into your google account before the reset and turn on sms message authentication for two-factor . you can then use one of those methods to log back into your google account the first time after you reset your phone . once you are into your google account go through the normal method to reset up the google authenticator for 2-factor and when you get to the point that it shows you the qr code that you can scan from your phone to set up your account , print out or save the picture of that qr code ( obviously make sure you store this securely ) . if you ever reset your phone again , or want to set up the authenticator app on another device , you can just re-scan that same qr code again , it seems to work every time , years apart .
same here , i have used titanium backup to transfer my authenticator settings across 3 devices for multiple accounts and it has worked flawlessly . i only backed up the app 's data though - usually install the authenticator app from the play store then restore the data using tibu . so you could possibly explore the app 's data path and backup those files .
i use titanium backup a lot for when i switch roms ( which is almost every week at the moment ) , and it works flawlessly with restoring the google authenticator . never really looked into any other options though .
you can try few links i am giving you here and if you are really worried much about all your data , then go to data recovery specialist and get data recovered . http://computersaremylife.wordpress.com/2013/09/15/broken-android-touch-screen-cant-unlock-solution/ http://android-commander.en.lo4d.com/ http://www.fosshub.com/myphoneexplorer.html https://code.google.com/p/androidscreencast/ most of these required ' adb and usb connection ' enabled .
i found a few things that helped . i was able to get it to work by flashing stock with oden , reflashing my rom , then downloading the game . i was able to reproduce the issue when i backed up ff vi via titanium backup then recovered it . this seemed to cause this issue until the system was cleared . i will do some more testing to see what in the system needed to be cleared before it would work .
some smartphones like the samsung galaxy s2 lets you create a wi-fi hotspot . unfortunately , this would decrease the phone 's battery life , which is why having a separate device would be better option .
this feature is called wifi tethering , it comes with most modern android devices . you can read more about it on our wifi-tether tag .
not all equipment which uses sd cards can use sdhc cards . it may be that your device does not support the sdhc card you are using .
i have solved the issue . the issue is that the memory card was locked by old nokia phone . so i unlocked it and now it is working perfectly . thanks for all your support .
yes . just download the nexus ' camera app onto your samsung device and install it . you will end up with 2 camera and gallery apps . they all have different icons , though , so you can visually see which one you want to open . see the following link for a download link and instructions . use the google camera app to create photospheres . note that to view the photospheres , you must also use the google gallery app ( which is also installed ) . http://www.intellectdigest.in/how-to-install-photosphere-on-samsung-galaxy-s4-without-rooting-on-touchwiz-ui-3529/?modpagespeed=noscript direct download : http://d-h.st/tk6 camera icons gallery icons in adw , i created a folder called camera and changed the icon names for the two camera apps to help distinguish between the two . i do not know if touchwiz can created folders or change the icon labels , though ; i installed adw ex as soon as i got the phone .
an " lte band " , or any other type of " band " that you read about with relation to a phone , is referring to the radio frequencies that the phone picks up . each cellular provider builds their network on a specific set of radio frequencies which are divided up into chunks that are assigned band numbers . so , using your t-mobile example , band 4 is specifically comprised of two frequency ranges : upload bandwidth uses radio frequencies between 1710 and 1755 mhz download bandwidth uses frequencies between 2110 and 2155 mhz a phone 's spec sheet effectively lists the frequencies that its antennas ( and cellular radio ) are designed to support . you cannot change the antenna 's supported bands because this is not something that is set in software - the supported bands listed in a spec sheet are , generally , a statement about the phone 's hardware support for different networks* . therefore , your phone must support the carrier 's lte network bands in order for you to have lte coverage . otherwise the lte radio will be unusable . cellular antennas these days are pretty much always multi-band pieces of hardware ( that is , one antenna picks up several bands ) . the difference between powering a 5 band radio and a 2 band one is probably measurable with very precise instrumentation , but it is certainly not going to be an amount that would be perceptible when actually using the device . further , having support for additional bands is generally considered a net benefit because you have the ability to use the phone on multiple carriers ( assuming a sim unlocked device ) . per your specific example of the xt1053 vs the xt1055: you could use the either on t-mobile usa 's lte network , because both support band 4 lte , which is what t-mobile is using . however , the xt1055 will not work on t-mobile 's current hspa+ network because it lacks support for the umts 1700 band . in places where lte is too weak or not available , you would drop all the way back to edge ( 2g ) speeds , whereas the xt1053 would be able pick up hspa+42 speeds ( if available ) . *there are some exceptions to this rule , where a device may actually use a radio chipset/antenna combination that provides hardware support for a band that is effectively " locked out " by the software layer . one example of this is the nexus 4 , which does not list lte support in its specs but does , in fact , have an lte band 4 chip installed that can be enabled on older baseband versions . however , you could not force the n4 to work on , say , lte band 17 .
lte bands are the bands of radio spectrum that the cellular networks run on . there are 44 defined bands and different carriers in different areas use different bands to provide service . wikipedia has a fairly extensive list of who uses what bands . yes , t-mobile operates on band 4 ( aka aws ) , so any other band capability on the device would go unused . if you do not have the same band available on the phone as on the network , you will not be able to use the network period . it would be like trying to pick up an am radio station on an fm-only radio . yes . band availability is determined by the hardware radio set the phone was built with .
in the play store there is a ' installed ' tab which as the name implies is of currently installed applications . the ' all ' tab shows apps which have ever been installed on the device . if you do not want a application to show up in this list , then from the phone open play store , go into your my apps and on the all tab you can click the circular remove icon to the right of the app will remove it from your play account . this is what it should look like .
sometimes it takes a while until the play store syncs with what is installed and what is not . you just have to wait and i have not any method of making it sync faster .
go to settings &gt; accounts &gt; google , and click the synch all button at the bottom .
polaris office can open and edit word documents , and you can draw directly on the documents .
i think what you are looking for is usually called " freehand drawing " . i can not find any app that supports free hand drawing on word document . however , adobe reader for android supports freehand drawing annotation on pdf document . you can convert your word documents to pdf and use adobe reader to make your annotations . freehand annotation on an editable document like word generally makes little sense anyway , because it is not always obvious where the annotation should move to when the text is edited .
launch the google talk app open the overflow menu ( three vertical dots ) and choose Settings . tap the account you are using . check the Mobile indicator option . note : if you are signed in to your google account on a pc ( like if you left your browser open and logged in to gmail ) the mobile indicator may not be displayed . ( for reference : android version 4.1.1 , google talk v . 4.1.1 - 424425 )
you normally have to be rooted to change how the filesystem is mounted .
you have to have root access to mount the drive as that article is describing ( calling su == becoming root ) . what are you trying to accomplish ? can you push the file to the sdcard instead ( if your device has one ) ?
you can attempt writing to /data/local/tmp/ as it is writable even by normal users .
i hate to sync with cloud/online service . my contacts list is confidential not to be uploaded on google account . i use dual boot on hd2 and for having the same calendar and contacts on android hd2 , i found myphoneexplorer . it will sync your outlook with your android device . it is possible to require phone android drivers . the contacts were synced with photo and everything . be patient , myphoneexplorer is not so quick as activesync .
how to transfer/backup data from windows mobile to android to make backups and transfer that data to your android device , you will need to install pim backup on your windows mobile device . go to www.dotfred.net and download the pim backup cab file for windows mobile 6.5 ( direct link : http://www.tinyurl.com/pimbackup65 ) . move it to your htc hd2 and install it . contacts : make a backup of your contacts with pim backup and save it as a csv file . copy the file to your computer and go to google contacts . click on more -> import . choose the csv file and press import . once your new phone has a proper connection to the internet , it'll automatically synchronise with the google servers and you will see a complete list of your contacts in the contacts app . calendar/appointments : use pim backup to backup all of your appointments to a csv file . copy that csv file to your computer . go to google calendar and click the mechanical wheel and click settings . go to calendars and click import calendar . choose the csv file and press import . once your new phone has a proper connection to the internet , it'll automatically synchronise with the google servers and you will see your appointments in your google calendar app . text messages/sms : use pim backup to backup your text messages to an .xml file . transfer that file to your phone to /sdcard/SMSBackupRestore . install the free app sms backup and restore on your android device . start it and restore the xml file . call log : use pim backup to backup your call log to an .xml file . transfer that file to your phone to /sdcard/CallLogBackupRestore . install the free app call logs backup and restore on your android device . start it and restore the xml file .
if you are also a outlook user and used activesync to sync your old windows phone , then a very nice tool to use is local sync . i migrated my contacts , appointments and other data flawlessly from my windows phone to android . but not sms data , because that is not data what outlook handles . but pimbackup should be fine for that .
here is how one teacher is using coach 's eye for android to create whiteboard style videos . hope it helps ! http://educationambassador.com/resources/entry/coachs-eye-app-is-elusive-android-flipping-whiteboard
you can use any ssh client to establish a connection to your host and tail the desired file . this will not help you saving the battery , since the tail command or any other that collects " off-site " information , needs an active connection that uses network , that in turn consumes more battery . personally i use connectbot by kenny root and jeffrey sharkey available from google play store for free . connectbot is a powerful open-source secure shell ( ssh ) client . it can manage simultaneous ssh sessions , create secure tunnels , and copy/paste between other applications . this client allows you to connect to secure shell servers that typically run on unix-based servers .
as chahk mentioned : it is the lack of a front facing camera . but there are ways to fake a front facing camera , so that you can join hangouts .
lg promises but fails to deliver , samsung comes up with the updates pretty quick . tries to cover all phones that might show an improvement with new version .
buy a nexus s device directly from google . they will be the fastest at updating to the latest firmware . and they will always ship with stock android . everyone else is way behind . most are behind because they add customizations to android and have to make their changes , then they have to go through the google approval process . not to mention then having to go through the carriers testing process for deployment .
try lsusb ( lsusb lowercase ) in ubuntu , if you see your phone id ( 04e8 ) in the list , you have to add to the /etc/udev/rules . d/53-android . rules the following line : SUBSYSTEM=="usb", SYSFS{idVendor}=="04e8", MODE="0666" 
is some kind of mtpfs installed on ubuntu ? if not , it will not recognize your phone 's storage . you will also need the udev rule @lenik talked about ( see this tutorial ) . however , if as @lenik mentioned your phone is not seen by lsusb it is most likely some kind of hardware problem with the phone itself .
if you have installed the kernel mod for " fast usb charging " it will not be able to connect as long as that feature is enabled . you do not mention being rooted , but that is a side effect of the fast charging .
make sure you have usb debugging enabled in settings > applications > development . also you might want to try wireless adb - i use it all the time for debugging and find it so much easier than using cables . roms like cyanogen support ADB over network out-of-th-box . for stock roms there are apps like wifi adb .
it turned out it was a faulty usb port on the phone . i have since purchased a new phone and everything works as expected on the new one .
it is hard enough to keep it charged with the gps and streaming - i know i do it frequently . i would not recommend trying to share data at the same time . it was not until the latest update that i could even get streaming and wifi hotspot to work without stuttering . i would strongly suggest that you use another cell phone do the wifi hotspot while your phone does the streaming and gps or get a dedicated gps and use the phone for hotspot and streaming . it is a classic example of gps , bt and wifi hotspot , pick any two . but , in the interest of science , i think you should try it ; ) just have a backup plan . edit : be sure to get a high amperage car charger - one for an ipad should work nicely since those require 2.1 amps . that should push a lot of juice to the phone and maybe keep it from dying under all that load .
you can download the whatsapp . apk from the internet ( its like a . exe file for android ) , just search it in google .
as mentioned in comments , i also have a nexus 4 ( 4.2.2 ) and it daydreams ok when charging ( usb to wall charger ) when set to sleep after 15 seconds . " daydreaming " is triggered when the device goes to sleep ( or when sleep mode would normally be triggered ) . it would seem that if the " stay awake " option is checked in " developer options " then sleep mode is never triggered and the device never daydreams . so , the solution is to uncheck the " stay awake " option . " daydream " is like a conditional stay-awake option . the screen does not switch off and for this reason a device can only be set to daydream when it is connected to a power source .
daydream does not trigger if phone is switched off by button .
you can set a navbar on your device by just adding a single line to your build . prop file . qmenu.hw.maikeys=0 also you can disable you current h/w buttons by give a # symbol before <code> key 172 home key 158 back key 139 menu </code> in file /system/usr/keylayout/Generic.kl es file exporer will automatically make a backup for those files . you can use that . bak files if you want to revert . you can edit build . prop file using es file manager app or you can try flashing zip specified here
with 32 gb when i go to settings i can see 25 gb available storage though the device is declared to have 32gb , part of that is reserved for the firmware . the entire 32gb are partitioned : /system for the device-firmware /recovery for the recovery ( see : recovery-mode ) /boot for the boot image /cache for application cache /data for apps and their data ( see : internal-storage ) the 25 gb you see are those from the internal-storage aka /data . this answer only covers the first part of your question . for the second part , we need some more details .
if you have a dropbox account , you can use dropsync to select which folders you want to sync to the cloud . i am sure there are other solutions , but this is one thing you can consider .
the best known option for the htc desire is to use unrevoked - http://unrevoked.com/recovery unrevoked has the added benefit of flashing in a version of clockwork recovery . that way you can just boot into recovery , do data wipes , and flash cyanogenmod . note that there is a chance that gingerbread could prevent unrevoked from performing its usual processes . in addition , your previous rooting adventures could have placed an alternate recovery into the phone as well . i believe you can press power+vol-up when starting the phone to invoke recovery mode . if clockwork is present , you may proceed to flash away .
i was able to root my phone using revolutionary . io after all , following the steps described here . however , instead of running ./revolutionary as described on the page , i had to use sudo ./revolutionary to make things work .
i achieve on this using tasker . for the apps in the sd card i created a profile with the context events -> hardware -> card mounted and it loads all apps i want . for the apps in the phone i created a profile with the context events -> system -> device boot and it loads all apps i want . note : the first thing you must do before anything in both of this contexts is wait a few seconds . in the " card mounted " event is to let android load all the apps installed in the memory ( i am guessing ) and in the " device boot " is because after booting android is too busy doing important stuff ( i am quoting tasker guys ) .
selected excerpts from the official android 4 platform highlights document : the biggest changes will be for phones upgrading from gingerbread to ice cream sandwich , rather than for tablets upgrading from honeycomb , as a lot of the new ui features were introduced in honeycomb . the ui change is a big difference and brings honeycomb 's recent apps button for easier access to multi-tasking to the main-line android platform along with the system bar that it sits on . the standard lock screen now has quick access to the camera and notifications , and there will be album art and controls for music playing in the music app on the lockscreen . when an incoming call arrives , users can now quickly respond by text message , without needing to pick up the call or unlock the device . improved text input and spell-checking on the standard android 4 keyboard android 4.0 introduces a powerful new voice input engine that offers a continuous " open microphone " experience and streaming voice recognition . to meet the needs of users with tiered or metered data plans , android 4.0 adds new controls for managing network data usage . enhanc [ ing ] the accessibility of android 4.0 for blind or visually impaired users . most important is a new explore-by-touch mode that lets users navigate without having to see the screen . a new people app that offers richer profile information , including a large profile picture , phone numbers , addresses and accounts , status updates , events , stream items , and a new button for connecting on integrated social networks . the user 's own contact information is stored in a new " me " profile , allowing easier sharing with apps and people . an updated calendar app brings together personal , work , school , and social agendas . a new visual voicemail features integrates incoming messages , voice transcriptions , and audio files from one or more providers . the camera app includes many new features . . . continuous focus , zero shutter lag exposure . . . stabilized image zoom . . . users can now take snapshots at full video resolution just by tapping the screen as video continues to record . . . built-in face detection locates faces in the frame and automatically sets focus . . . single-motion panorama mode . . . redesigned gallery app with photo editor live effects for transforming video instantly sync and manage google chrome bookmarks from all . . . accounts android beam for nfc-based sharing [ requires nfc hardware integrated into the device ] face unlock wi-fi direct lets users connect directly to nearby peer devices over wi-fi built-in support for connecting to bluetooth health device profile ( hdp ) devices . . . users can connect to wireless medical devices and sensors in hospitals , fitness centers , homes , and elsewhere also your manufacturer , asus , may have added or updated their own specific software , and some of the new features may only be available if your manufacturer has not customized/replaced the original android app .
this settings bar is used by the customer to turn off or on the options shown in the bar . the bar 's contents themselves are not configurable , at least i have not found any area that controls this or makes items here discretionary . most likely would need a special build to remove items . update : doing a deeper search provided a similar question . see the suggestions there , which suggest 3rd party apps to be installed that control contents .
go to the phone settings . click display from the device group , then on the next screen click notification panel . you can add and remove notification bar items from there . not all samsung roms have this option : in particular , i do not think the galaxy s iii had it until 4.1.2 .
i had done a bit of a research on this . there was a trick until a few months back , by linking the facebook account to yahoo account so that the contacts get merged . later it was possible to export the contact details from yahoo . but now even this method does not seem to work , as exporting the contacts will only export yahoo contacts and not the one merged from facebook . : (
you need to differentiate between a " hard reset " ( hover the mouse over that tag : a forced reboot/shutdown by removing power ( take out the battery , usually ) ) and a " factory reset " ( again , mouse-over : a factory reset results in a full reset of an android device to the original settings of the currently-installed rom . ) . hard-reset : here it is unlikely ( though not absolutely impossible ) to lose your stored contacts factory-reset : here it is very sure they are deleted , as all data and all user-installed apps are deleted from the device however , you can make a backup of your contacts . in the contacts app itself , when pressing the menu key , you should find a menu item for " export/import " . select to " export " , and have it save the data to your sdcard . to be absolutely safe , before doing a factory reset copy all the sdcard 's contents to e.g. your pc . after the factory-reset , you can use the very same item in the contacts app to re-import the data . btw : contacts export uses a common file format , which is understood by many other programs as well ( *.vcf which means vcard file ) . it can be read e.g. by gmail ( even the web interface ) or outlook as well . if you have your contacts synced with google , they should be restored automatically once you configured your google account on the device after the factory reset .
yes you can add the email adress from your gapps account via settings > accounts and synchronisation > add account then enter your credentials and you can access your accounts email , contacts and calendar without automatically sharing information from your private calendar with your colleagues . but you need to watch out which account you use creating new calendar entries from now on . after that you need to open your calendar application and press menu > calendar > select the calendars you want to see . if you do not want to see your work emails you can easily decide which items you want to synchronize with your device . merging the calendars is not really necessary since you can view many different calendars in the calendar application .
sounds like it is just not copying sent messageinto your mailbox at all , only keeping them locally . i would assume that is just a shortcoming of the app and you had need to use a different one that supports that feature . the default client is very basic and buggy . have you considered using gmail ? you can configure it ( through the web ) to get mail from an imap account , and then you could use the gmail app ( which is very good ) .
there is also the most excellent and customizable k9 mail client that supports imap , pop3 and exchange 2003/2007 ( with webdav ) . lots of features and its freeware too . i think you can specify folders on your server for special items like sent , drafts etc . also , it has push mail or you can configure it to poll at intervals .
you can use their official update software , it has been called " pc companion " the last time i used it : boot your phone to flashmode ( see also how do i turn on flashmode in sony ericsson ray ? ) update/restore it with pc companion this is mostly for modding , so it will not be that useful to you : you can also flash a . ftf file of your choice ( official or a custom mod ) with flashtool , note however that you need to unlock the bootloader before your phone will boot a mod with an unoriginal kernel . i have however no idea where to find an original firmware image for your xperia play/r800i , you might need to google for that yourself .
you can move any apps to sdcard if you are rooted . there are apps on the market for it move2sd enabler and app swap better yet , if you are using custom roms ( e . g . cyanogenmod ) , some of them have settings to allow you to migrate any apps . you might want to check those out first if you are using custom rom . if you want to do it manually ( not recommended for pregnant man , or those currently having a heart attack ) , then you can use terminal emulator or adb to run a few fairly standard set of linux/unix commands . the mount command can rebind any folder in your filesystem another location in the filesystem . alternatively , you may also create symbolic links using the ln command . see the mount and ln manual for this .
android os versions 2.2 and above have built-in functionality for moving apps to sd card . go to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; SD Card , then tap on any available app without a checkmark , and the button Move to SD card should be enabled . this will move a major portion of the app to the sd card and free up space for more apps . if you are rooted and running a custom rom that supports ext2/3/4 partition types , there are special scripts available that can " fool " your phone into thinking that a portion of your sd card is actually part of the internal memory , thus allowing you to install tons of apps without most of the disadvantages of built-in method . be advised that this method is fairly complicated to install , and requires re-partitioning of the sd card , flashing a hacky script , and can cause instability of the phone .
the best way is to wait for that ! as your phone is not rooted you cannot upgrade your os yourself . you can root the phone by googling it ! you can wait ! you can search for roms for your nexus on xda-developers forum . best thing about the xda forums is that you will find method to root your device on the same page on which you will get the rom for your cell phone !
i think the easiest way is to use gnex toolkit : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1392310
it is because apple has to look only over its iphone models , which are less in number . also ios is more efficient ( runs well on old hardware ) . and google also had claimed that kitkat will support low-on hardware devices well , and it does . but the problem with galaxy nexus is that texas instruments , its soc manufacturer has discontinued socs and probably even supporting them , so google had to discontinue software support for it , because the soc manufacturer has an important role in an android upgrade . it approves the software and also provides some essential drivers , and that was not obtained in the case of galaxy nexus , so it did not get an official update from google . if you are interested in running android 4.4 on your gnexus you can look to custom roms like cyanogenmod , omnirom , paranoid android etc . this will require you to unlock bootloader and root your phone .
it has to be related to the website . it is possibly just a pop-up ad . currently there is no known virus for the android platform . there're other forms of malware but no viruses . nevertheless you should always make sure to only install applications from trusted sources .
looking at the source , there are at least 4 codecs : sbc ( mandatory ) , mp3 ( mpeg12 ) , aac ( mpeg24 ) and sony 's atrac . the underlying software is linux ' " bluez " stack . it supports sbc and has limited mp3 capabilities . the changelog for v3.25 ( 2009 ? ) reads : " add limited support for mpeg12/mp3 codec " . ./android/external/bluetooth/bluez/ChangeLog: ver 3.25: Add limited support for Handsfree profile. Add limited support for MPEG12/MP3 codec.  see also the v3.25 announcement . mp3 support seems to depend on gstreamer which is not available on android , so i just guess sbc is the only option for a2dp to boot . ps : most a2dp devices seem to lack support for mp3/aac due to patents/licencing issues ( including linux ) .
as it turns out , my sd card was failing . i have since replaced it and all pictures are fine thus far .
if an app you have been using is not offered on the play store for some reason ( other than being removed for legal reasons , or if it is malware ) , you can usually still find and install it from your install history . from the web version of the play store , click on apps , then click on my apps on the left which should take you to https://play.google.com/apps which should show a list of all of the apps you have ever installed , including ones which have been discontinued , and you can click through to install them : alternatively you can do the same thing on your phone , open the play store app , go to my apps , and then change from the " installed " tab to the " all " tab and scroll down until you find your app ( i think they are listed in the order that you first installed them ) : ( i would advise using the web page , as you can normally find what you are after quicker than when doing a lot of scrolling down in the app )
you have to at least sign in once in the app , it cannot be used without connecting an account to it . now how much the app rely on online data to work , it is hard to tell without actually using it . so far , i have tried it and some informations like appointment and the weather are accessible ( cached ) , but the app warns you that no data connection is available . obviously , you will not receive any update while offline .
agreed , i think mobilesheets or the fakebook ( my favourite ) is the way to go . quick browsing in music and ( almost ) no delay when swiping between pages . some of the other features between these two varies , so ymmv . fakebook is at http://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.skrivarna.fakebook.android hope this helps !
i think that mobilesheets http://www.zubersoft.com/mobilesheets/about.html might be useful ?
i have been using mobilesheets recently and have used it with big band charts that i scanned in as pdf files . the nice feature i found was the ability to set links ( up to 10 per song ) back to a d . s , sign and then from the " to coda " sign jump there using a airturn 105 pedal . worked great in a performance where i had the set list set up and could just keep hitting the pedal to go to the next song or section of a song without trying to flip multiple pages in the charts . i was using my asus tablet a tf101 which is a little smaller than my freehand music pad which i have used for a few years . the freehand its reaching the end soon and i have been looking for a replacement and the mobilesheets supports pdf , and image files much better so i am thinking the android will be a good change . i am looking for the right size screen the asus p1801-t ( has battery 5 hours ) is a possibility or the viewsonic vsd221 ( no battery ) . either of those could display ( 2 ) pages i think .
xda forums may be the best place to ask for this sort of help .
i do not have rep to comment , is wifly a serial interface ? second , this is a good place to ask that , i understood they were inviting developers here . extra , after comment reply as far as i have found there is no ability for serial from the android phones . i have found sources where people mod the os to support usb on the go . then you can be a usb host , which would suffice for me as usb to serial adapters are relatively easy to come by . i am new to android and spend most my time on the electronics and robotics so site , but i was interested in this feature . and more ! from prolink007 google is looking into adding this feature in a firmware release . for the time being we are just looking into rooting the phone and adding the feature that way . our goal is to not have to root a phone for this feature to be enabled . if we can figure a way around this i will post here as soon as possible . i will keep this updated as we progress .
one option ( probably the easiest ) would be to install cyanogenmod on your phone . i do not recall offhand if the latest stable release ( 7.0.3 ) is based on 2.3.4 or 2.3.3 , but you could certainly use a nightly build instead which would be 2.3.4 . the forums for the droid can be found here , and they have a section for stable builds and a section for nightly builds that you can take a look at . for detailed instructions on how to prepare and install cyanogenmod , the best resource is their wiki page .
it is absolutely possible , as long as you can access the bootloader ( ie . unlocked bootloader ) .
as soon as someone unlock the bootloader ( i do not know if they already done ) someone will come up with a stock default theme rom . you can stay tuned at xda-developers for news about this .
you can use appbrain . up right menu . press " more " -> " popular in . . . ( i am not sure translation ) " -> country example for poland http://www.appbrain.com/apps/country-poland/
it just works , no need to wipe . you do not need to wipe , according to a blog post on cyanogenmod 's google plus channel : upgrading from cm10 to cm10.1 as you may have noticed , we started updating some devices from cm10 ( android 4.1 ) to 10.1 ( android 4.2 ) during the weekend . the upgrade process has been tested extensively for the older devices ( manta and mako did not have that problem since they started out with 10.1 ) , so you should be able to update directly without losing any data . the single application known not to work is the clock : our changes to 4.1 's clock to add the stopwatch and timer in cm10 are not compatible with google 's own implementation of those features in 4.2 ( which we are using in cm10.1 ) ; if your clock starts crashing after upgrading to 10.1 , simply go into the settings -> apps menu , choose clock from the all tab , and hit " clear data " .
it appears that restarting it helped . now the top , notification bar and the dialer appear . i think it may have something to do with the messages app . as i unassociated my email account before restarting the phone .
easy playlist editor allows filtering by folder and then saving the matches as a playlist .
android shares very little with a typical linux distribution . in fact , this is where richard stallman 's " gnu/linux " distinction comes in handy  android is not really a unix-like general purpose operating system with a linux kernel . it is a new system which happens to use the linux kernel . this goes all the way down to its own custom libc implementation ( called " bionic" ) , which does not necessarily attempt posix compliance . this article from zdnet covers a talk which gives a pretty good overview of the system , and although it is a couple of years old it is still basically correct and helpful .
about the statement the quoted statement is just plain wrong . android ( or it is memory management component ) does not prevent any app from keeping a stable connection to any kind of network service ( e . g . xmpp ) . you only have to deal with fact that android will kill your process if it is under memory pressure . but the same manager that did kill your service ( ActivityManager ) will also restart your service once the low memory situation is resolved . your app simply has to reconnect then . as this will only happen when no activity from the app is in foreground , the user usually does not notice the reconnection , or he/she simply does not care , since the app is in background anyways . your symptoms obviously jabiru does reconnect . and i also think that jabiru does not disconnect intentionally . it is more likely that the data connection went down . the most probable reason for this is that the wifi went to sleep . but then the gsm connection should take over and we would only see * one disconnect after around 15 minutes . i think you should look in the android log to find out what happens around the time jabiru disconnects . the wifi sleep policy is one reason to look at , but then i wonder why jabiru is able to reconnect at all , since the wifi should be disabled until the device is woken up again .
you can not restore a backup made from a higher android version onto a lower android version . this can be seen from the line W/BackupManagerService( 758): Wrong header version: 3 . adb backups should always be restored onto the same version ( or higher , not sure about this ) .
open the app My Files tap All Files you may see Device Storage and possibly SD memory card tap either ( or both ) tap Download ( or download ) select files individually , or tap the menu button then Select all tap the trash can icon
its because you accidently cleared the history of downloads from settings . a way to delete those 50 mb is to : 1 . go to My files app default file explorer in your device. 2 . tap on the folder named Download . 3 . your downloaded files are here . select and delete the files you want to . that is it .
unfortunately , i would say you probably have a hardware issue here . i have had two phones do similar things , one did not connect at all , the other would connect only for a moment before basically shutting the gps down . both of these ended up being hardware issues resulting in me returning the devices . my best advice would be to try multiple apps to test gps signal , ( i use gps status or tricorder ) , and if you get no gps reception from any of them , contact your manufacturer , or the people you purchased it from . usually resellers will refund or replace products that malfunction without provocation . if you do get signal with any of them or you get partial gps signal sometimes , i would still contact your reseller or manufacturer with the issues , while continuing to test it in different places alongside other ( android 4.0 , if possible ) devices .
it may well be the option chahk describes in his answer is not present on your device . i have noticed some devices coming without a " local account " . if that is your case , there is e.g. mylocalaccount creating one for you . for other contact tools , you might wish to take a look into my list ; )
when adding contacts to the phone via google 's built-in contacts app , it will give you a choice how to save the contact . while adding a new contact , tap the " google contact " to expand the drop-down for more choices on where to save it , and choose the option to store it only locally : keep in mind that various phone manufacturers such as samsung , htc , motorola , etc . load their own versions of some system apps , including the " contacts " app . your contacts app may look differently , and have this option elsewhere ( or may be completely missing it . )
you can go to App Drawer &gt; Select Phone &gt; Tap on the three dots &gt; Select "Import/Export" &gt; And then select "Export to storage" . this will back up all your contacts on your phone itself . you can later on import from this backup if needed . however , you need to do this manually every time you modify your contact list .
having a different external display was one of the new features with jelly bean 4.2 you will need a siutable update for your s3 to stand a chance . what level of support you will get then is still in doubt depending upon the real hardware capabilities and what support samsung put in .
basic caveat . it is likely ( and to be expected ) that a firmware ( or os ) upgrade will wipe any user data or settings . these settings are not easily translated / adjusted across such an update . however , most tools will give such a warning before you proceed . in more detail . . firmware update ( rom code ) a firmware update will normally cause all user data , settings , and ( custom loaded ) applications to be lost . this is because many applications and your online identity ( connection to e-store ) are usually firmware specific . exceptions : for only a minor update it may be possible to just replace the firmware , and not disrupt the higher layers . this is only advice for developers and the truly adventurous . your specific case : you are attempting to replace the telstra ( big australian telco ) firmware with ( possibly ) later firmware . this will likely not include any telstra specific applications , and you would need to re-register the phone ( upon completion ) . by then all data , settings , and applications would have been lost . firmware update ( android os ) an android update will normally attempt to retain all user data , settings , and ( custom loaded ) applications . but this is only true for minor update , as major changes will make your existing applications incompatible . for each application , the vendor may provide an update with support for the new version to convert ( or import ) any old data . exceptions : if you are attempting a major android update ( eg . from 3.2 to 4.0+ ) this will very likely not retain ( in any useful form ) any of your settings . your specific case : if you were using kies to update android from 4.0 to 4.0.4 ( or similar ) this should be as painless as ota ( over-the-air ) updates ( prompted on your phone ) . however , it is not clear from your description what type of ' firmware ' ( android or rom ) it is suggesting . note : i have not used kies , as it has no linux support . recommendation : look at syncing or backup tools , to save any user data ( phone numbers , messages , etc . ) to your pc . any applications will be more of a problem , but will still available ( in the online e-store ) to again download .
try flashing your sgs2 with the siyah kernel . it proved effective for me . grab the latest version of the kernel from the official site http://www.gokhanmoral.com/ able to connect flash drives , mouse and keyboard . yet to test with external hdd with and without external power . please post if you come up with any other device that can be connected
i also see this . i doubt it is the usb connection or the rest of the setup because i can develop and debug for hours with a moto droid connected to the same system . galaxy tab drops out of usb mode spontaneously after about a minute . only way to get it back is to unplug the cable , re-enable usb debugging , and reconnect . one way to keep the galaxy tab connected is to click the entry with its serial number in the devices pane in eclipse whenever it goes grey . that is only a little less annoying than cycling the usb cable and the debug setting on the tab because if you wait too long , the tab disconnects and its entry disappears from devices .
well , i figured out how to get it to stop unchecking the box , though the solution is hardly much less a pain . if you activate the debugging mode , plug in the cable , run your test and then as soon as you are done testing ( or if you are not actually debugging , as soon as the app is installed ) , unplug it , the checkbox will stay checked indefinitely . you are still replugging the device every re-compile , but at least you do not have to keep going back to the settings menu to re-check the box .
have you tried to change the adb connection time-out value ? you can find it under eclipse-> preferences-> android-> ddms
yes - all android devices will work without a sim card , and can be connected to wifi for an internet connection . edit : just so people know , there is a setting in the build . prop file that determines whether or the not the device can be used without a sim or not . most of the time this is set to allow it , however in rare cases it may be disallowed .
some android devices , mostly older ones , and cdma2000 devices , will attempt to let you not use them without activation . usually the ' provision ' application has a secret code that can bypass the ' mandatory ' activation - e.g. , on the motorola droid 2 global it is upper left corner , upper right corner , lower right corner , lower left corner ( the lower corners being above the software buttons , not the absolute corner of the screen ) - do that and you can use the phone unactivated ( for battery life considerations , put the phone in airplane mode ) . newer devices , including the n4 , should just let you skip the activation altogether ; a lot of the google applications will continually beg for google credentials , however , if you do not log in .
there is no way to disable the power button thru software because power button signals is hardwired to the phone 's internals . hardware modding is the only option for this happen i suggest getting that button repaired . its not really expensive ( 250php equivalent to 6$ usd ) , and can be done quite fast . not sure about official service centers though
edit : as it turned out , the " a7" and " smart tab 7" are two different devices . these are the instructions for the " a7" -- for the " smart tab 7" , please refer to hele 's answer . instructions for the a7 can be found e.g. at this xda-developers post : download the rom from here copy the downloaded update.zip file to the root of the memory card and then insert the memory card into the phone . power off the phone ( note the battery should be kept above 50% ) press and hold up the volume+ + key sources ( the latter obviously refers to the power button ) continue holding until the recovery screen appears red , then let go select apply update from sdcard ( in the recovery screen , use the volume up key up to move up and down , press and hold the power key to select ) select the file update.zip wait until your rom file gets installed when the machine has completed installing rom file , it returns to the recovery menu . select " reboot system now " . the xda-post also contains two links to other documents , in case this one fails .
i have succeded in rooting the karbonn smart tab 7 and am apparently the first person on the net to do so . in your face karbonn technical dept . . i have been using it only for a few hours now , and it is working fine ( edit : i have been using it for 4 months now and it still works fine : ) - august '13 ) . here are the steps for any other wanderer in the same plight as i was : the first step is a warning to all users , please be aware of the consequences of rooting before doing so . it should work perfectly , but just to be on the safe side , back up all you data . connect the tab to the computer and enable mass storage mode . also keep in mind that the karbonn smart tab 7 has internal memory and an internal storage card . the internal one cannot be used for the purpose of rooting . you need to put in an external micro-sd card . when you connect the device in mass storage mode , the internal sd card 's name will probably be novo7 . download this file and put it in the root of the external micro-sd . put the tab in recovery mode . for those of you who dont know how to do this , switch off the device and hold the volume down and power buttons till is says " android is upgrading . . . " , and then release the power button but keep holding the volume down button . click on " apply update from sd card and select " crystal_root . zip " . it should install . now reboot it and it is done ! ! ! you can check if the rooting process has been successful by downloading the root checker app from the play store . the app is ( obviously . . . ) used to check if the root is accessible . you will also find that the supersu app has been installed automatically . enjoy ! ! ! p.s. please vote me up ( i would love that ) and also thanks to @izzy for giving me a heads up on how this stuff works .
i would expect it to have an impact on both . an odexed app is optimized , not just precompiled . android runs on a huge variety of hardware , so platform-specific optimizations could result in significant performance gains .
miui en cyagenmod are so called rom 's . rom 's are like modified versions of the original android os . they are built for various reasons , one of them being to add more features to your phone that are not available in the stock os ( you could see those as your updates ) . just google about it because there is tons of information available about the particular subject . the other questions are already answered but about the warranty . most rom 's require your device to be rooted . i guess that rooting will void your warranty but then again , there is always something as un-rooting .
re your fourth question : starting in russia , the s advance is gradually getting an upgrade to jelly bean 4.1
usually the presence of logcat_cp_boot_radio*.log files point to an issue with the phone 's modem . it is possible that when you first rooted the device you flashed a rom which contained a modem firmware that was either old , or slightly incompatible with your current carrier . besides amassing large amounts of these log files , you would see frequent disconnects and reconnects from cell and data services when the radio crashes and restarts . while you can always keep deleting the log files every now and then to free up the memory , the larger issue will persist . in order to resolve the root cause of the ril crash , you will need to install the proper radio firmware . these differ based on geographic location , and sometimes on the carrier . the first step is to find the modem version that is currently installed on your phone . you can find this information in settings -> about phone , under the " baseband version . " it should start with " i19100" , and then followed by some letters and numbers . the letters represent a geographic location : ce---> belgium , luxembourg , netherlands dc---> thailand dd---> india dx---> indonesia , malaysia , philippines , singapore , vietnam dz---> malaysia , singapore ja---> south africa jc---> algeria , morocco , nigeria , south africa , tunisia jp---> arabic , algeria , egypt , iran , iraq , kuwait , morocco , nigeria , oman , pakistan , saudi arabia , syria jv---> tunisia , turkey ug---> north america uh---> latin america , the caribbean xe---> bulgaria , estonia , kazakhstan , latvia , lithuania , russia , ukraine xx---> austria , belgium , france , germany , hungary , united kingdom xw---> austria , belgium , france , germany , hungary , italy , nordic , spain , united kingdom zc---> china , hong kong zh---> hong kong zs---> china , hong kong zt---> taiwan and the numbers represent the version , incremented alphabetically . you should find the latest modem version based on the country you are in , and then flash it on your phone using either odin , or recovery ( must be a custom recovery like clockworkmod or twrp , for example . ) a quick google search yielded this site which contains clockworkmod-formatted modems for the galaxy s2 i9100 variant for various countries . i am not sure how recent it is , but this should start you off in the right direction .
try going to the phones settings > account and sync , click on your email address and uncheck sync next to contacts . next go back to settings > applications > manage applications and select the " all " tab . scroll down and click on contacts storage . then click on clear data . finally go back to settings > accounts and sync . click on your email address and select the sync for contacts which will start to resync . give it a few . . . let me know if that helped .
use his solution . now i use jellybean 4.1.2 . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eonhvccjukw or you can use gingerbread .
go to settings select security under credential storage select ' clear credentials '
you need to look for hebfix or rtl fix . unfortunately , i was unable to find a direct download link . hope this is enough to get you started . a good place to look would be http://iandroid.co.il or http://www.xda-developers.com/ . if you find a good link to download from , you can update my answer : )
if you are using a profile application to set your volumes in different situations , i guest most of them have the option of changing your screen timeout as well . in my case i am using setting profiles and i can add a new profile that does exactly that in two key press . in setting profiles , there is a widget to set profiles and you can even select a timer with the profiles you set , for instance , to enable the profile " no screen timeout " for the next 5 minutes .
tasker is a great app for this . it can change the screen timeout value to whatever you need depending on a phone state ( there are several from phone orientation to a specific app being active ) . for instance , i have it set to change the screen timeout value to 23 hours when it is in navigation mode . you can also define this task in tasker and create a widget for it .
preloading no longer available on version 5.6 and above . source
it looks like there is an issue with the exchange server certificates and froyo . i have found a few others with the same issue : exchange 2007 does not work after ota 2.2 update android 2.2 , frf91 now active-sync is unable to connect to server , all was fine on android 2.1 those links have several workarounds that might solve your problem as long as you can get your it team to help figure out what is going on . i have seen several people mention the the touchdown ( appbrain link ) app is not having any problems . touchdown is an alternative to the built-in exchange sync . it might be the easiest solution for you - though it is a paid app - $19.99 as of right now . qr code for the app market :
battery level estimation is usually performed by a special fuel gauge chip ; different phone models use different chips . e.g. , samsung gt-i8150 ( galaxy w ) , according to the kernel config , uses the maxim max17043 chip , which , according to its datasheet , does not have any inputs to measure the current it has only a battery voltage sensor . according to the manufacturer 's description , this chip uses a sophisticated li+ battery-modeling scheme , called modelgauge to track the batterys relative state-of-charge ( soc ) continuously over a widely varying charge/discharge profile . some information is available in the datasheet , but details of this modelgauge scheme do not seem to be publicly available . btw , the driver used for samsung galaxy w seems to apply some corrections to the charge level returned by the max17043 chip , so probably the estimation performed by the chip is not ideal . other fuel gauge chips ( e . g . , max17047 ) measure both voltage and current , and sometimes also the battery temperature . such chips can probably provide a more precise estimation of the battery charge level . again , the datasheet does not provide all details of the used method . however , even if the fuel gauge chip used in a particular phone can measure the current , accessing that information from android might be impossible for several reasons : the chip might just use the current measurement internally and not expose it to the outside . this is not the case with max17047 it has registers holding current measurement values , which can be read over the i2c bus . the kernel driver for the fuel gauge chip might not have code to expose the current measurement information to user applications . even if the kernel driver makes the current measurement information available ( e . g . , through some sysfs file ) , android does not have a standard api for such sensors neither batterymanager nor sensor have anything appropriate for an electrical current sensor . therefore the currentwidget app that you have found may work only on some models for which the developer has information about accessing this nonstandard sensor .
that should be the correct approach . as you noted , time sync needs a source -- so setting up a ntp server on the pc will provide this source . now you need to have some ntp client on your android device . searching google play for " ntp " brings up two of them right on the first page : clocksync ( i use this one , and am quite happy with it ; still running it with the default ntp server configured -- but in your case , you will have to change this : as you can edit the time server used , this should be no issue ) , and ntpsync - time synchronization are two examples running in the background . if you prefer something permanently visible , atomic clock wallpaper seems to be a candidate . just follow the search link for more candidates : )
yes , as indicated on the user manual . i am currently using a sandisk class 4 32gb formatted with exfat , works just fine . stock rom , unrooted .
some parts of the sdk are the same between windows , linux , and mac , and some are not . the developer tools , such as adb , fastboot , and hprof , are native binaries so they are different for each os . the emulator too is different for each os . the android system images for the emulator are the same between the different host oses , so you do not need to download these again . the android.jar files containing the android framework library itself are also the same between the different host oses . it has to be this way because the jar files are compiled into your app . if you are not sure what to update , it is probably best to just start a fresh installation of adt . that way you are sure to end up with a working version , and there is no risk of failing to update something you should have , or mimatched versions . it might seem that you are wasting time by downloading some of the same things again , but at least you will be able to trust your tools . if you try and frankenstein your installation to save downloading , then even if you manage to do it right , you will suspect it is broken every time you have an unusual bug , and you will waste more time in the long run .
well the 4.1.2 was in the fat32 format however the 4.2.2 wants a " exfat " but becarefull since this format is very weird because in not always working due to the fact that the master table very messy therefore it might asking for the deframenting often . so it can lock it self 0x . . . . so re format to exfat and everthing should will be fine and there should be no issues .
call actions and reminders does offer this , amongst many other things : 1-click actions after a call : copy the call details in the system clipboard call back send an sms view the contact or add a new number to the contacts list send an email . in case the contact has an email , the application will use it share the contact details with its vcard if available . id set the application can only share the details as plain text . make a google search of the phone number , which may be helpful to research unknown numbers create a reminder associated to the contact or phone number : [ . . . ] screenshot during an ongoing call ( click image for larger variant ) more details can be found behind above link : )
if it is a gmail account ( eg , myemail@gmail.com ) or you have not added the domain to the email address (eg,moo@cow.com), you cannot use manual setup . personally i would recommend ditching the native mail app and going with k9 - it is a far superior email client .
i am using aerosync to sync a folder over various devices , it works well and it is free and unlimited storage on any number of device but no cloud storage , it is having client for all platform
you can add your own private folders to dropbox , you do not have to use the Public folder . i use this for some syncs between work , home and phone .
i use sugarsync . similar to dropbox but without the poor security track record . the android client also handles automatic sync where dropbox does not . of course the windows clients do as well .
google docs actually would be a viable solution . you just need a way to sync local files to and from gdocs . readwriteweb reviewed three such apps . there are surely others .
i use smestorage . i actually use 2 storage clouds on it . my home webdav server and skydrive . my files physically reside on my home webdav server and on skydrive . i have a phone to skydrive folder sync setup through the smestorage app for some docs/files . smestorage has the ability to encrypt files uploaded to it and then decrypt on the fly from the client , which suits me . it uses aes-256 and does not store the private key so if you lose the key your stuffed but again this approach suits me .
sorry to say , but there is no or alternate way for this . i had lost my phone and i was having some contacts on whatsapp which i dont have anywhere else . this thing is a bit wrong , because whatsapp would use your own phonebook to check which of your contacts have whatsapp . it will not let you add any user to your stock pile by just adding them as friends . is there any way to reach to that contacts . if there is a backup of the data on google servers , then there might be an option . but i do not think that would work ! so there is no way to get them back . i know this is not a technical question concerned with android true , but actually this is a site for the android questions . so you are in the correct place . to ask how to get data , but now about how to get data from a lost phone . thats impossible . possible things that would help well these are not the helping materials , but just in case to remind you that , in the settings , did you check backup my data . if so , try signing in google from other phone , it might give you some data . not sure of this but you said the contacts were no where else but on whatsapp , so try signing in to whatsapp again , maybe they still have those contacts for you !
sign back into watsapp your contacts will be there . i was surprised to find them there when i signed back in but using a new number . i had lost my phone . im guessing watsapp recognises your gmail sign in so your sync contacts to your google and watsapp account will . automatically be available .
have you tried to go to https://www.google.com/contacts/ and see if your contacts are backed up there ? that is the only possible way to get data from a stolen device , by having your data synced somewhere .
whatsapp dont remembers ur gmail contact info . whtsapp simply add contacts from the phonebook . you got a new phone and synced your gmail account , then you will have those old contacts same as you had in old phone . that is the reason . whatsapp primary id is your phone number alone , not any other info .
swiftkey is free and works inside and outside knox
i just set up a knox container myself and it seems that it is a secure sandbox environment that does not have access to your regular apps ( any downloaded keyboard included ) or even the play store at all . it has its own knox store , i suppose to keep the knox container more secure . i was able to find a keyboard app for sale ( quickwrite keyboard ) in the knox store but it is not cheap .
the stereo supports bluetooth hands-free but not bluetooth audio , which is used to stream music , so no , this is not possible . for more information see bluetooth profile on wikipedia and compare hands-free profile ( which the stereo supports ) and a2dp ( which it does not ) . theoretically , you could stream music through the hfp but the quality would be terrible , like listening to music in a phone call .
there is absolutely no reason to be worried . you can install the drivers from the android sdk and that should fix the issue , though .
this is a common problem among android phones . sometimes windows might try to install drivers for your phone which might not necessarily be complete . like matthew said in the answer above me , you could use the android sdk package which usually includes drivers for nexus devices but in the event it does not work : you need to get the usb drivers from the manufacturer . following the instructions in this link might help : http://nexusshacks.com/nexus-s-hacks/how-to-install-nexus-s-windows-usb-drivers/
the model does not matter , but the protocol does . the currently dominant standard is the qi standard ( pronounced " chi" ) developed by the wireless power consortium . this is the standard used by the nexus 4 , 5 , and 7 , as well as the galaxy s4 , and several htc , motorola , and nokia devices . other less used standards include duracell 's powermat system and the touchstone system used by palm and hp . none of these protocols are intercompatible . as a general rule , anything qi should work with anything else qi , however it may not work well . there are numerous shoddy charging pads on the market and the one you linked is probably one of them . it appears identical to one i purchased and it does not function well . the range is poor ( it will not charge through a case of any kind ) and it charges very slowly . i can not speak for the quality of the receiver they offer though .
i would start by trying the android contributors google group . here is a thread on reviewing googles own catalan translation work , for example .
download morelocale2 from the market , then you can change the ui language with a push of a button , without reboot .
android 's language/locale/internationalization support is pretty bad at the moment . i would recommend flashing a us or uk rom on it , which will have the language built-in .
you could use a different sync tool , where you can configure which folders to be synced and which not . an example of such is foldersync , which also supports dropbox : foldersync ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants ) the first screenshot shows you some of the cloud services foldersync supports . entry #4 on the second reveals you can configure " folderpairs " , that is , which folder on your device should be synchronized with which folder in the cloud . this way you could simply let your /sdcard/DCIM folder ( which is where your photos go ) including its subdirectories synchronize , leaving everything else out .
is there a hard reset hole in which you can stick a paper clip ? if so , i would let the battery die , then charge it back up and press the hard reset button with a paper clip . that is how i got my old android tablet back to life last summer . i have since bought a nexus 7 , though , and i would highly recommend getting a newer android tablet because they have improved tremendously over the past few years .
one of first links in google . try it . http://www.tips4tab.com/how-to-restore-galaxy-tab-2-10-1-p5113-to-stock-android-4-0-4-ice-cream-sandwich-with-official-firmware-ueblh3/ in short : you need to download odin and firmware package . you boot to download mode , open odin on computer and connect your tablet to pc . you select the frimware donlowaded earlier and click start . if something fails then you can do again power+volume up .
looks like this was a corrupt zip problem . . from linux zip tool you must be using the -0 switch to ' store ' .
does flashing a new kernel require flashing a new rom ? it depends . you can not normally flash a 2.3 kernel over a 2.2 rom , and so on . you can not flash a cyanogenmod kernel on a stock rom in most cases , and vice versa . but you should be able to flash any android x . x stock-based kernel over any android x . x stock-based rom . for example , there are no issues flashing a 2.2 voodoo kernel on my 2.2 stock-based bionix rom for my sgs vibrant . will flashing a new kernel wipe the data ? not usually . when flashing a lagfix rom such as voodoo that does advanced partitioning and formatting , there can occasionally be issues that will make you lose data . as well , update packages can include scripts to automatically wipe the data . you should carefully read the official description of any kernel to see if it mentions wiping data . i have flashed dozens of kernels and only lost data once , and that was probably my fault ; i had a fairly non-standard configuration . it is always good to do a backup if you can . some roms recommend or automatically perform data wipes to eliminate any incompatible data between the two roms , but this is normally not an issue for kernels . how can i see which kernels are compatible with which roms ? again , any rom based on stock is normally compatible with any kernel based on a stock kernel fromt the same android version . if you have concerns i would first search the xda posts for the kernel and the rom to see if you can find anyone who has used them in combination .
in sd card android-&gt;data folder copy the folder name of the game and paste it in the new device
there are many for android , this two seem to perform the tasks mentioned by " track and share " ( additionally , you can check the left column from google play store for related apps ) : time recording - timesheet app timesheet manager - easy to use , highly adaptive . manage your timesheet . check in and out task assignment daily and detailed notes overview of day , week , month data export and email as csv , html or xml integrated backup and restore check the lifehacker review . daily task tracker keep track of your tasks that you repeat on a daily basis . this app allows the user to keep track of daily tasks that are important to them . add each task and then throughout the day or at the end of the day check off the ones that were completed .
check the mac address on your tablet , and compare it to the mac address listed for the tablet on your hot spot in the configuration window . if the two mac addresses are not the same , your hot spot will not connect and an ip address will not be assigned . i am currently experiencing this problem where something keeps changing the mac address in my tablet . i have not been able to resolve it , including performing a full factory reset . i am certainly open to any advice or suggestions on this issue . thanks
if /data appears empty , the app showing that most likely has no root access ( "root " in the sense of the privileged user , not the start of the file system ) . in order to browse that place , root is required . not all file explorers support this . for one , there are several specific " root explorers " around . i would rather recommend es file explorer , which i use for years : it offers a lot of features you will welcome after solving your issue  and yes , " root access " is one of them . provided your device is rooted . and yes : what you are looking for is /data/tombstones , where " core dumps " of crashes are stored .
if you are sure the keyboard is properly paired , have you tried using the excellent external keyboard helper pro ? i use it with a microsoft bluetooth keyboard , and it handles both switching to the external keyboard from the internal one ( and back ) when needed , but also little chores like nuking the caps lock key .
the book pro android python with sl4a comes with some free downloadable source code , you can find it on that official site . in the source code samples there are examples of basic httpserver , and basic ftpserver . both of those will work on android devices , i imagine it is also possible to make a more advanced webserver using python , or perhaps even re-purpose one that is already in existence .
absolutely ! you can either download a ready made one - like kws - android web server or write your own - here 's some code to integrate in to your project or just use as is
i faced a similar problem recently on my nexus s upgraded to stock ics . the problems were : connecting the phone to the ac charger would sometimes show the phone to be charging , while the battery level was not actually increasing and sometimes the opposite . connecting the phone through usb to my laptop would allow it to charge , but my laptop used to throw a " unrecognized usb device " error . the battery level displayed on my phone was misleading . for eg , the battery level was shown to be 44% , but when i restarted it , it suddenly dropped to 19% . shutting it down while connected to ac charger would cause it to hang on the shutting down screen till i remove the charger . connecting it to an ac charger while switched off would cause it to automatically turn on . a little research on the net yielded this dicussion on the google product forums . the alleged problem was the pin in the phone 's usb port , and the solution was to bend it upwards a little using a penknife . i was a little wary of taking things into my own hands , so i went to a nearby samsung service center where they replaced the charging connector , and i have not faced any problems since .
check that your charging port is not shorting across : turn off phone , remove battery , and use a pin or similar pirze middle piece in the charger slot so it is central in the slot , as when pushing in the charger it can be moved up or down and cause a short to side , which gives the charging signal on phone . when having it fairly central , replace the battery , turn your device on , and see what happens . this worked for my phone which was driving me potty bleeping for charge etc . good luck !
there is an application running with a wakeup flag . if you were rooted , a simple adb logcat would get to the bottom of it . but what it comes down to is uninstalling that app-- perhaps review the seedy ones ? last time this happened to me , it was a kamasutra app .
i have the same proplem and found a workaround : my nexus keeps switching between charging and discharging while it is not connected . that keeps the screen on - which causes massive battery drain . as a workaround i found a root app to keep the screen off , called screen standby . the cpu is still doing work but at least the screen does not draw power since i installed it .
found it myself : k-9 mail @ google play
i am no expert on intents but this is the best answer i can offer . . . there are intents that can enable the device admin status but since tasker is not yet a device admin i do not think your prompt will allow the user to enable this directly . the next best thing would be to have tasker open the device administration settings page with a popup that instructs them to enable it . in tasker , using the " settings dialog action " you can create an action that opens to the security settings page but the user would have to manually go to the next step to open the " device administror " menu . you can create a popup message directing what to do with the " alert/popup action " . if you want to go directly to the device administror menu you may be able to do that with the " misc/send intent action . " to find specific intent for the device admin menu you can try an app called inent interceptor . if you are able to identify the specific intent that opens that menu it is pretty straight forward from there .
android logs are stored in an internal ring buffer . as such , i do not see how even the overly verbose apps could slow the system down purely through logging .
if the logs are really bothering you , you can deal with it two ways . options one is to turn them off . you can do this with adb shell setprop log.tag.BadTag ERROR  that will only log them if it is error or higher , but you will have to kill the application before it'll listen . the second option is to use logcat directly and filter out what you do not care about . i have a logcat script that looks like this : this will only log stuff that i generally actually care about . you call it like ./logcat MyTag0 MyTag1:W MyTag2 MyTag3:D this will log everything for tags mytag0 and mytag2 , warnings from mytag1 , and debugging from mytag3 . the downside here is that it is not directly in eclipse ( i personally consider that an upside , but i digress ) .
the nfc circuitry itself is in the phone , but the antenna is in the battery . this is due to the layout of the phone . since the range of nfc is very small , the antenna is placed on the outer side of the battery to increase the range as much as possible . yes , the downside of this is that replacement batteries need to be nfc-enabled , but it is a small price to pay for a significant improvement in the functionality of nfc .
the nfc feature does not sit in the battery , only the antenna does . nfc consists of : an integrated chip ( soldered onto the logic board ) an nfc antenna that needs free view to the phone 's back side ( antenna signals from the sticker on the back of the battery only need to pass the back cover ) if you look at the antenna you will notice how big it is . it is basically just a coil with 4 windings , see ifixit is teardown . nfc allows for passive devices ( credit cards and such ) which need to be fed energy from an active device through the antenna . some engineer decided its best fit would be as a sticker on the battery . there is only 2 positions where you can place it : back of the battery inner side of the battery cover ( like with the nexus s ) my guess is this : by placing it on the battery , the expensive and big 2-point connector ( as with the nexus s ) could be merged together with the battery contacts to make it cheaper ( and/or maybe more robust ) .
after hours of searching on the net and string of emails with the customer care i received a call from a member claiming to be from the technical team . the end result of the call was that there is no hdmi setting in the settings panel and the only way to display content on to the tv using hdmi is through the stock " vortex " player , which basically has no options than to change volume , display mode and the tracker . i could not find any info on this player 's version or if there is any update for it that could help . also my search for some effective alternative like realhdmi for droidx almost has hit a dead end . marking this as answered to serve as information source for people who buy this product and hope i might receive some effective alternatives in the future .
go to settings -> applications -> manage applications -> sd card to see what apps are on the sd card . other things that might be on it include pictures and videos . there are not a lot of things that default to the sd card , but it depends on your device and software . the easiest way to find out what is there is just to look !
to see what is on your sd card , you can use an app like astro . or , you can hook your device to your usb port and enable mounting and look at with your computer 's file explorer . or pop the card into a card reader .
not only the screen is a main consumer . based on the motorola droid , i can give you some data to compare : as you can see , there are clearly compontents/actions with a much higher energy consumptions -- but the display gives you good potential to reserve some . data source is an article at heise . de called energiesparplan ( google translate version here ) .
these forums might be the most helpful . http://forum.xda-developers.com/wiki/asus_eee_pad_transformer/how_to_install_ubuntu/ubuntu_install http://forum.xda-developers.com/wiki/asus_eee_pad_transformer/how_to_install_ubuntu#installing_ubuntu
actually the new whatsapp update provide user to hide the last seen stamp . in Settings-&gt;Account-&gt;Privacy you will find option to hide . but if you enable this option you cant see other peoples timestamp too
it all depends on which version of whats app you currently operate in the previous versions of whats app you had to block a specified user in order to avoid your last seen , display picture be seen from an annoying person . if you have been blocked by a person then after few days you will not be able to view their dp as well as last seen . but now in the latest update whats app has now provided more privacy settings . hide display picture -if you select this option then urs as well as other display picture will be hidden ( i.e. your dp will be hidden from others as well as you cannot view other 's dp as well ) . hide last seen -if you select this option then your last seen will not be visible to anyone as well as you cannot see other 's last seen . how ever if you are not sure then better wait for few days ( 1-2 ) after which you can yourself identify whether you have been blocked by some person or its your settings .
if you can not see " last seen at " stamp it could mean you have been blocked , but if a contact has blocked you , you should also not be able to check the updates to the contact 's profile picture and you will no more see the second check mark ( "message delivered" ) in the messages you send to that contact , whatsapp will only print the first one ( which is for " message sent" ) . if you do not see any of these indicators there could be many reasons : whatsapp is vaguous on this point for privacy policy , i.e. whatsapp will not let a contact be sure you have blocked him . in your case , you have probably encontered a temporary effect of this .
i have had the same issue occur with the same symptoms . used to work fine and then randomly started re-cycling as you mentioned . several forums indicate this to be a pervasive issue as a result of a recent update . i just chatted with samsung tech support and they recommended a factory reset . it worked . but i worry as to whether it will just eventually re-download the update the caused the issue in the first place . . .
i have managed to deal with this problem by performing a " soft reset " . hold down the power button for around 30 seconds , the device should start a soft reset ( i.e. you do not lose any data/settings etc . ) and reboot . -- why it blocked and prevented me from performing a screen unlock remains to be explained .
for those that tried the soft reset to no avail : some tablet covers have magnets in them used to toggle the screen on and off . if your cover is poorly made , it may trigger the screen to turn off at inopportune times , e.g. when you have it folded back like a book cover and it is turning your screen off as soon as you get past the lockscreen .
i have the same issue with my samsung vibrant . i just started dropping bookmarks before " pausing " and resuming from them .
i am using the default movies and player that came with my galaxy s ( at*t captivate ) without this error . it may be possible that there was a timeout ( how long did you pause for ? ) . you may also want to try the doubletwist video player to see if it resolves your problem .
my t-mobile vibrant ( samsung galaxy s ) just received a ota update from t959uvjfd to t959uvji6 . it appears that this may have fixed the problem you are describing . it no longer is a problem for me after this update was installed . it is also mentioned at the xda-developers site along with other changes that were included in the update .
if their is not an option to select a set of folders . i am assuming there is something about those folders like big attachments ? or to sensitive to be on a mobile device ? my best advice to you would be to move the folders in question into an archive and set up a rule to automatically sort your mail into that . you will never see an archive folder on your phone , so job done . hope that helps .
well , i tried " business calendar " which seems a lot less flaky and is free , so i guess the answer is to switch to another calendar application .
easy tether from mobile stream should work . it is a way to share your internet connection with another device via usb . get the lite version ( does not support https , or tethering to gaming consoles ) or the full version . supports windows 7/vista/xp ( 32-bit and 64-bit ) , mac os x 10.7/10.6/10.5/10.4 , ubuntu 10.4+ and fedora 13+ full version supports the following : tether ps3 , wii , xbox via pc internet connection sharing , you need a computer for game console tethering .
holding the power button brings up the " power options " menu . in there you can choose the profile .
there is now ( confirmed with 10.2 ) a profiles tile in the quick settings panel , which is quite handy .
i had basically the same question . i noticed the option via the powers button , but wanted to have some kind of shortcut on the homescreen . i found a solution using the app cyanogenmod profiles shortcut . works for me on version 6 .
" rooting a phone " - acquiring super user permissions . " installing the su application " - making it so you can acquire super user permissions any time you want . the first thing you should do after rooting a phone is install the su application so you can have root permissions any time you want them . most automated rooting processes do this for you , but if you acquire root permissions manually , you probably have to install the su application manually too .
your device is not rooted at all . without su binary , you can not assume command as root .
i struggled with this for a long while as well . i found silent mode switcher , which lets you the press power button and shake the phone to switch it to vibrate mode . easiest way i have found , and it works great on nexus 5 .
yepp , possible -- taskerman is back : ) one solution would involve tasker , available for about eur 5 at the playstore ( free 7 day trial on the homepage ) . tasker is an automation solution , connecting " events " with " tasks " . in your case , the event would be the corresponding hardware button pressed -- and the task to silence/vibrate your phone . unfortunately , the volume buttons do not seem to be available here , but . . . condition : event &rarr ; hardware &rarr ; button : camera task : audio settings &rarr ; vibrate on optionally you can have it adjust volume settings as well , of course ( a task can consist of multiple actions ) . there might be alternative apps able to do this , but i cannot tell for sure what they cover ( i am using tasker here for years , so i have lost track about the others ; ) but you might want to take a look at the free llama as well ( though from its description , it cannot act on hardware-key-events ) .
the following short procedure should work : press power button ( enable the screen ) hold power button for 1 second ( new required step on android 4.2.2 , not needed on 4.2.1 ) press volume up or down until phone vibrates optionally press power button again ( turn off screen ) the idea is to enable the screen first , because then volume buttons would be enabled to change ringer volume ( when screen is off they only work for music volume if it is playing ) . then depending on what volume you had set you need to press volume up or down : if volume was set to silent , press volume up once , the phone should vibrate , now the phone is in vibrate only mode if volume was set to regular ringtone , press volume down several times until phone vibrates . now phone is in vibrate mode . pressing volume down again would enable silent mode . so you need to press volume down or up until you feel single vibrate and the you can leave the phone as is and it should turn off screen after short time by default . there should not be much risk leaving screen enabled in a pocket for a while , but if you want you can press power button again to disable screen , but you risk pressing volume keys again which might either put phone in silent mode or enable ringtone . full procedure that should always work : press power button ( enable lock screen ) press volume down up to 7 times until phone vibrates then stop the procedure ( this assumes there are 9 levels of volume , see below ) if phone not vibrated press volume up ( you were probably in silent mode ) , phone should vibrate if phone not vibrated repeat the procedure only one more time ( maybe screen was enabled and first step turned it off ) optionally if phone vibrated , press power button once to turn off screen phone changes between following states when pressing volume up/down keys : maximum volume . . . . . . medium volume . . . . . . minimum volume vibration only no sound , no vibration - silent mode the procedure was tested on galaxy nexus , but since nexus 4 is very similar ( same button layout/number , os version , nexus brand ) it should also work for it . update : since android 4.2.2 changing volume on lock screen as described above does not work . there is additional step needed : holding power button for at least 1 second when screen is enabled . this will bring the " power off/airplaine mode " dialog and volume buttons will work there .
the same thing exactly happened to me . whether you install cwm before rooting or vice versa is not the problem . try to install cwm again will solve it .
do not know if i understand the question correctly , but the phone is working but you are not able to enter recovery mode , right ? if the phone is working just try again installing clockworkmod . if the phone is not working , installing a stock rom , or any other rom , witch you can find searching here , will remove clockwork ( assuming you do not chose a custom rom that comes with clockwork ) . hope i answerd your question , if not just leave a comment with what you would like to know and i will reply .
you should try pressing volumedown+power or volumeup+power . my galaxy fit starts cwm with the latter combination .
i had the same issue . found this solution on another site : open " settings " app go to " sim card manager " tap on " data service network " choose the sim as the data sim note that only the first sim slot supports 3g internet . so if you want to use 3g you must plug your 3g sim in the first slot .
the phone should be correctly detecting the charge of the battery even if the charger is not right . so it sounds to me more like a phone problem . either way i would discontinue this . . . if the phone really is trying to charge the battery past its limit you could definitely fry the battery or your device . did you ever have an infuse charger , and if so did it work ? you could try running the battery dry and then charging from that state ; i have heard that can help when the battery stats get messed up . in conjunction you could wipe the battery stats ( you will have to google how to do that for the infuse ) but that is generally a last resort since it takes quite a few charge cycles for the battery stats to get rebuilt ( your phone relies on them to determine the charge of your battery with any accuracy ) .
solution one : titaniumbackup both devices must be rooted and use titaniumbackup application . i have found that titanium does not start on emulator 2.1 solution two : use adb backup options use adb backup and adb restore properly . this would mean to restrict the backup to the single app to be cloned , including its data , but nothing else . this is important as adb restore &lt;file.ab&gt; is an all-or-nothing , no selective restore possible . full syntax for adb backup is : adb backup [-f &lt;file&gt;] [-apk|-noapk] [-shared|-noshared] [-all] [-system|nosystem] [&lt;packages...&gt;]  so to only have our " foobar " app included , we need to connect the device and : adb backup -f MyBackup.ab -apk com.foobar.app  this done , and adb connected to the emulator , the generated backup file MyBackup.ab then can be restored using adb restore MyBackup.ab 
engadget has just reported that the nexus s is having issues with random reboots ( http://www.engadget.com/2011/02/15/nexus-s-suffering-from-random-data-loss-reboots/ ) and apparently fixes are coming . to see the log you can get the following app : alogcat
there should be someone who has the official release that you can download and just upgrade like you did with the leaked version . like this post here . it says it is for rooted users , but i do not see anything in the instructions that should require root .
you going to want to sbf your phone back to . 340 first . here is a great forum post showing how . i did it with my linux box , you can do it with windows but drivers can be an issue from what i have heard . once you sbf your phone you can pull it down ota . warning this erases everything and you will loose root . the official release has not been rooted yet to my knowledge . i have done it 2 times now i was running lexlite gingerade and sbf to install leaked gingerbread and then i sbf to install the offical release . * edit : * looks like i was wrong it has been rooted there is just no easy root method . see @caseyb post . let me know if you need any more help .
handcent should let you send more than 10 messages at once . it has a nice interface for selecting multiple contacts too . i have not tested this ( i do not want to send 10+ people a random text : ) ) .
if you are constantly sending group messages you may want to check out some of the group apps for android . groupme - creates an independent phone number for the group to text for those without data . - https://market.android.com/details?id=com.groupme.androidfeature=search_result disco - a google owned or backed group messaging app - https://market.android.com/details?id=com.disco.androidfeature=search_result
this result indicates that your device claims to support usb host mode , but that it does not actually work . there are 6 reasons i can think of that would cause you would get this result : a . you did the test wrong and did not plug things in at the specified time . try it again and follow the instructions exactly . b . your usb host cable is defective or is not actually a usb host cable . try it again with another cable or the correct cable . c . you used an improper device ( e . g . a device that tries to draw more current than the tablet can supply , like an external hard drive , rather than a flash drive ) and thus the test failed as it could not detect the device , because the device was unable to power up successfully . try it again with a different device . d . your device claims it supports usb host mode , but due to a software bug , it does not work . an update or custom rom may fix this . e . your device claims it supports usb host mode , but the hardware does not actually support it . you are sol unless you can return this device to exchange it for a real tablet . f . your device is a weird piece of work regarding usb . some android devices ( such as the htc incredible s ) technically implement usb host mode , but they will not provide power to the attached device . in this case , you need to provide the juice yourself , via a self-powered hub or similar .
as the title of this question begins with ' any ' this answer is fully valid : there is no way to do this , as that value will ( most likely ) be hard coded into the application source code . this means the only way to change it would be to download the app source and edit the value .
@liam 's comment in my question was correct . the max character value is hard-coded into the reader . apk file . therefore , the answer to my question is no . . . unless you modify the program itself . i made changes to the file to increase the limit ; details can be found at this xda forum post . because the solution required programming , i will not post the entire answer here , as programming is outside the scope of the android site .
once i unchecked automatic date and time and automatic time zone on date and time settings , everything worked perfectly .
each user account has its own lockscreen settings , so the easiest way to do this is to simply use a password lockscreen for each user . in fact , you can use entirely different lockscreen security for one user than you do for another ( e . g . one could use a pattern , one a pin , one a slide lock , etc ) . to set this up , select a user and unlock the device , then go into settings => security => screen lock and select the " password " option ( you could also use pin or pattern , of course ) . set the desired password , then lock the device . repeat this process for each of the other user accounts to set up individualized passwords for each one .
i have found a solution to fix that . i went to system settings > motion control and there i had " video set to pause when looking away " . after disabling that it is not auto pausing anymore .
try changing it in Settings-Security-Shortcut settings . try changing the icons to something different than they currently are . if this does not work try a factory reset . i have a y511 as well and i am trying to get the unlock symbol to be at the right ( 3 o'clock position ) .
check your phone if you have selected a default action when you plug in your phone . if memory serves , it connects in " charge-only " mode by default , and pops a menu for selection . if you have already chosen a default action , go to `settings-> connect to pc " and change the default . you will need to choose " htc sync " mode or somesuch .
you are describing the expected behavior while launching the chrome browser with theSign in feature enabled . here 's how to sign out from within the chrome browser : touch Menu > Settings > your email address > Disconnect Google Account . in the confirmation dialog that appears , touch Disconnect . note that if you had your device configured to synchronize in the background at regular intervals , it is still configurued to sync and update your emails with your google account . this procedure just prevents the chrome browser from loading a previous session state at browser launch because the browser is signed in .
leandros is right that it is an intended feature , and there is no way to turn off . there is a report on the chromium project to allow close all tabs on tablets : http://code.google.com/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=268157 i urge everyone interested to voice their opinions on the bug thread .
i too want my chrome browser to open without the previous tabs . there should be an option to turn this feature off , or a prompt on startup asking whether to open previous tabs as it does on the desktop . when i am done with browsing , i just swipe the browser off . i do not want to have to close each tab separately before exiting to stop those tabs from reopening when i open the browser again .
there were those secret codes . . . *#*#7594#*#*: this code can be used to change the " end call / power " button action in your phone . be default , if you long press the button , it shows a screen asking you to select any option from silent mode , airplane mode and power off . you can change this action using this code . you can enable direct power off on this button so you do not need to waste your time in selecting the option . hm , guess that is what you were lokking for , right ? wanna more ? ok , here 's the source , luke : secret codes of android phones . not sure if it works on all phones , though . . .
goto lockscreen is probably what you want ! it gives you information about your incoming notifications , allows you to navigate straight to them from the unlock screen , and is fully customizeable . if you do not find that helpful , widgetlocker could probably help you out too : ) bonus : if you add adw notifier with either of these , you will get small number icons to alert you to any unattented-to actions graphically .
if you want to see the notifications immediately , you can get them even when the display is " off " with noled ( if your device is compatible ) . note that this was designed for amoled displays , so it might eat a lot of battery on other screens .
as far as i know , swype only comes in two sets : full ( all languages ) and a english/spanish set . however , there is a hidden feature : you can swype from the swype key to the q key to switch between your current language and the last language you used .
if the swype developers do not put the options you want in the app then the only way to accomplish what you want is to get your hands on the source code and make the changes manually . this would be quite a trick , as swype is closed source . i also would not recommend modifying the . apk that they have released ( is there even a way to decompile . apk 's ? ) as your results could vary widely between " swype stopped working " and " i have somehow bricked my phone " . bryan 's suggestion will definitely help you if you happen to switch between two of those three languages most of the time , but unfortunately if you cycle through all three pretty regularly you are going to have to stick with using the menu selections .
you might want to use some package inspector like e.g. app detective to see what receivers the app in question has set up . most likely it is acting on some broadcast , such as e.g. " sdcard mounted " , to check for media , or " network changed " to check for other dlna services . if your device is rooted , you might be interested in apps like rom toolbox or autorun manager , which allow you to disable selected receivers , or even freeze the entire app . without root , you can try whether that app can be disabled in settings  apps . it is either running for nothing or ( these days it is no longer called " paranoia" ) working for somebody else , if you do not use it yourself .
the default kernel ( dark core ) is derived from the voodoo kernels , but the lagfix is disabled by default . for example , the v9.5 description on xda has the following note : new kernel > > dark core v1.0 inside ! i9000 , i9000m , i9000t only ( cappy users choose speedmod or skip kernel ) customized and built by ficeto [ team darky dev crew ] based on supercurios latest voodoo sound 6 , lagfix and color - thanks a ton , mr . supercurio if you install on top of a kernel with voodoo enabled already then you should be fine ( and i do not believe it will disable it , but you can re-enable if it does ) . there are a handful of threads on the darky forums that talk about some of the nuances to this , but here are a couple : the quick start guide - recurrent questions ( the " recommendations prior to flashing a rom " section talks about lagfixes ) . activate lagfix in 9.2 ? what is a lagfix and how to enable or disable it ( this one is kind of goofy but still helpful )
you should always disable/remove voodoo before installing a new rom except when the rom in question includes voodoo as the default . iit appears that darky 's rom includes a custom kernel that includes voodoo , meaning you do not have to disable it : if you have a dark_core / voodoo kernel installed with lagfixes enabled and you are or v10.1 ( upgrade through cwm , not odin ) then it is recommended that you do not disable your lagfixes . and you will save a lot of time ( dark_core and voodoo kernels are from the same family )
indeed . since you are rooted , i suggest you use the freeware sytrant . it also allows you to choose which time server you wish to sync from as well as allowing a user to specify a daily interval at which the time can be updated automatically .
take a look at goto lock screen - supposedly it is fast . it lets you stay on top of your text messages , missed calls , and gmail notifications all with a simple slide gesture . a detailed feature list is available here . re-reading your question , i see you want widgets to use in conjunction with widgetlocker - what sms app are you using ? handcent has a medium sized widget which shows unread sms as does gosms . you can show missed calls using this call log widget . update : i do believe i have found something that might interest you - puremessenger widget will show the following : gmail emails ( pop3+imap / need k9fp ) sms facebook twitter calls
i would suggest noled , a pretty handy and battery-efficient way to see notifications of missed events while the phone is locked . minimal battery drain on amoled screens and pretty customizable .
why do not you try using browsers like Dolphin Browser or Opera which have an option called flash on demand , wherein flash objects are loaded only if you want them to .
you can use carbon to backup your applications data . if your devices is rooted you can make a complete nandroid backup using cwm .
assuming you have rooted your phone , these are the steps that i have had to do in the past to get the ota to work : applications bionicbootstrap . apk is custom bootloader used to save/restore entire rom 's ( backup of my phone ) ota rootkeeper roots and unroots the phone . for ota : unfreeze all apps ( stay in root ) needed to uninstall bionic bootstrap reboot open es file manager and remove /system/bin/hijack and /system/bin/logwrapper copy /system/bin/logwrapper . bin to /system/bin/logwrapper run voodo ota rootkeeper and save off root in /system/bin/mount_ext3 . sh , remove the last 3 lines , but keep the end newline ( this will likely only be if you use bionic bootstrap reboot phone now you should be all set to download and install the ota i like to save off the ota download , that way if i have problems installing it , it doesnt erase it from /cache and i have to redownload . if you save off the download before unrooting ( its in /cache directory ) to say /mnt/sdcard-ext/dcim/ , you can boot the phone into recovery mode by holding down both the volume up and volume down buttons and pressing the power button . once it starts to boot , let go of the power button , but continue to hold the two buttons . select recovery . wait for the android screen to pop up . on mine , for some reason it didnt bring up the menu , so i pressed the volume up and volume down at the same time again and it displayed the options . select install from external source and select the update . once it starts to update , you can press the volume up and down together again to enter verbose mode . this will tell you exactly where its having issues . this last paragraph is only needed if it fails .
i think the sgs2 has a newer version of touchwiz than my original sgs vibrant , but hopefully you can still customize those icons . i do not have my phone on me but i believe t the process is : open the app drawer press the menu button select " view type " choose " customizable grid " press the menu button again choose " edit " exit the app drawer ( return to the home screen ) you can now drag icons off the dock and drag new ones on
your best bet would be to go with either launcherpro : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.fede.launcher my personal favorite , or adw : https://market.android.com/details?id=org.adw.launcher both provide customization to the dock ( set of icons at the bottom ) , number of homescreens , transitions , app drawer effects , as well as custom themes and widgets . note : there are free versions of both , but the paid versions add more features . while you can cover up some of what samsung has done , things like the notification bar and lockscreen are not affected by these apps . in some cases rooting and/or installing custom roms would be required to manipulate them .
it is funny you ask this since gmail just came out today with functionality that allows for different ringtones to be set for different labels ( using custom label notifications . ) this might not be perfect since you would need to specify a label per contact to make it work , but it could serve your needs .
this appears to be a bug related to the underlying issues with 802.1x eap authentication in the motorola triumph 's software / wi-fi firmware or wherever the bug is that causes the reboots i mentioned in my original question . short answer : do not use 802.1x eap networks . they will cause problems with the triumph .
try changing your wifi sleep settings . while i do not know specifically how motorola works , if it is anything like samsung , if you hit the menu button and go to Settings -&gt; Wireless and Network -&gt; Wi-Fi settings then hit your menu button and select Wi-Fi sleep policy. if it is not on the setting already , change it to When screen turns off . what i have found is that when i have my sleep policy set to " never " , i have issues when i get home from work . it is almost like the wi-fi does not know that it should look for a new network , but whenever the wi-fi sleeps and comes back up , it will find the network .
look for the signal indicator in between clock and battery bar . if the signal indicator is full , then voila ! you should be able to get the fast data connection .
no , since your model number differs - meaning you have a carrier bound device - roms meant for standard i9500 devices will not be suited to your device .
i have found out more about this variant ! hopefully this helps people in my situation . this device is on a canadian network called wind mobile . the model m919v can use the same roms as the t-mobile variant , which is m919 . i have flashed cyanogenmod nightlies on it , it runs awesome , and even for a nightly it is very battery efficient and stable . strongly recommend it to anyone . i had to use ouhds instead of clockworkrecovery ( they re the same things though ) . it still goes through odin , but you will have to follow the instruction online . there are a few sets of instructions that can be found through google . these are the instructions i followed : http://droidviews.com/2013/root-and-install-cwm-recovery-on-sprint-galaxy-s4-sph-l720-and-t-mobile-galaxy-s4-sgh-m919/ *i am not responsible for any damage you cause to your device , just sharing my thoughts/ experience .
the dalvik vm is not providing a security boundary , but the kernel is providing a security boundary in terms of the process the vm runs in . that is why , for example , it is no big deal for an android application to run native code , which ( more or less ) by definition runs outside the vm . it is still in the process , and the kernel ensures that the process is not going to be able to harm other applications , whether the process is running code within the vm or not .
in android , every application runs as a separate user . in the linux kernel , each process is owned by a single user , therefore it is not possible to run multiple dalvik applications on a single linux process . the overhead of running multiple dalvik vm instance is lightweight because linux fork() system call is copy-on-write , a write to a shared cow page will cause a " page fault " and that page will be copied ; so even though most of the vm 's memory region in the ram is shared there are no " shared state " between vms . forking processes provides only state isolation , but not privilege isolation . dalvik vm should not be considered a security boundary that is because the vm cannot enforce a security boundary . the vm is running on user mode ( the same mode as the program it is executing ) , which means a bug in the vm might allow the application to modify vm state in a way that is not intended ; the kernel , however , runs in privileged mode and can enforce security boundary .
each dalvikvm process runs under a sand-boxed environment owned by the user id ( uid ) of the application running , it should be noted that upon installation of the application , the uid is allocated and assigned to each installed application . the net result is that each running application cannot trample another 's process due to the different uid assigned , that grants the protection for the running apps . another way of looking at it is this - had there being one common uid for all applications , then a malicious application can really cause havoc , be peering into one 's settings , override , intercept another application 's running code and do all sorts of bad things tm to that application .
native binaries ( as the mkfs.* tools are ) need to be compiled for the platform they should run on . so if you take the mkfs.ext3 from your ubuntu workstation , which probably is either x86 or x86-64 , it will not work on your android device , which most likely uses arm architecure .
since i think there are not reliable sources for these binaries you could prefer to compile it ( statically ) using busybox with a cross compiler . you are using cyanogenmod so should be also easy to compile it using the cyanogenmod source code ( search on their site since i can not post more link : ) ) , busybox is in the external/ directory .
camera360 ultimate works fine for me . just , make sure to check " record gps information " from settings ~> preferences .
as keshavagn has said cyanogenmod is a safe option ( provided you have read the risks associated with it ) to root your phone to android 4.4.4 ( kit-kat ) but a small note of precaution is that the kit-kat os occupies a min of 3 gb space so later you will not have enough storage on board . ( as given by your specs you will have only 2 gb free of storage space for your own use to download other apps )
according to a quick google search based on the model number you provided , this might be oracom korea 's am 818 8" tablet .
it is not possible to guess the " name of the manufacturer " , as they have not even provided that information on tablet itself . if you want to use android kitkat on the tablet , you can try some custom roms such as cyanogenmod , with any available binary image for a tablet with almost all specifications same as your 's , including processor , ram , nand etc . and i am not sure whether this will work or not . so make sure to have a complete backup .
i think rooting is required . try after rooting ur mobile then u can open the app
done . problem was with the charger , was using samsung charger . but i still have no clue why it got off by holding volume up key and i am sure that charging was above 20% , it should have resurrected to life when i pressed power button . and while i am at it , this phone awesome except its antenna . voice breaks ( rx and tx both ) with the jerks on road .
this also annoyed me . my language is hungarian , a hard-to-translate language . for example google translated the " loop-device " to hungarian as " rotating-device " , which is a different thing . i think it is a really bad idea . the app , which does not have the user 's native language built-in and the user does not speak any language of that app , then that user will not be able to understand and use that app normally . also 9 of 10 translations are not understandable . so after that beginning i solved my problem . i installed xposed and that appinfo module . than i changed the language setting in the appinfo for google play . lastly i cleared the cache of google play . and voil ! all in english and i can understand everything !
three methods available , depending from where are you accessing google : google play app usually uses the language defined on your device settings : tap your device " home" ; tap " settings" ; locate " language and keyboard " and tap ; under " select language " you can define the language for your device that is also used by the google play app as to present you the information on your language . accessing from a browser : the google play store sets the language by your ip address , you can update that definition by changing it at the footer ( it will persist ) : for all google products : from gmail , you can access your account settings and set the language that you prefer for google products : login to your gmail account ; on the top right corner , click " account" ; on the left vertical menu , click " language " .
basically the size of an mms message depends on : the size that the operator can handle ; the size that the phone can handle . from wikipedia : although the standard does not specify a maximum size for a message , 300 kb is the current recommended size used by networks due to some limitations on the wap gateway side . there is no definitive answer to this subject due to the dependencies mentioned above . you can contact your operator and try to get a more accurate answer from them . alternatively you can always test ; )
short answer : the maximum size for mms is rather carrier-dependent , and usually is set to 300kb . for your second question , you might want to check manually edit your max mms size limit . another interesting source might be what is the maximum mms file size that i can send from my mms phone ? more details : as for changing the limit , there are several consideration to be taken . sure one can alter any limits , but usually there is a good reason for their presence . as zuul pointed out ( see comment below ) , you may then be able to successfully send a message of , say , 1mb size -- but that does not necessarily mean the recipient is able to receive ( let alone read ) it . consider the 300kb limit as " smallest common denominator " between your phones capability , your carriers capability/configuration and the receivers capability . so if you are pretty sure what you are doing ( say , you know your phone can handle 500k at least , the recipients phone can do so as well , and both your carriers support it ) , increasing the limit might enable you to exchange mms up to 500k with that recipient -- while failing to do so with others . to me , this was never a question . if i need send some message , i use email . it is cheaper than mms , and works between phones and pcs and macs and . . . exception : the recipient has an " older phone model " without email capabilities . but then chances are good it cannot handle mms either -- so i have to stick to 160 chars with sms telling him to lookup his mail : )
the issue is solved . afaicu , there was possibly a problem with android update hosting site or somewhere on a trace to it , because the device was connected to and was capable of browsing internet without a problem , including google.com. after some time , even without updating the progress indicator , the device displayed Install &amp; Reboot button . after this all goes well . so , the answers are : android provides cumulative update to 4.4.2 , at least for nexus 7 ( 2013 ) . android should improve the way how it shows status information . if it encounters some problems with downloading an update , it should output something like " connection timeout , trying to reconnect . . . " instead of just " downloading " all the time . also the progress indicator may have a bug preventing it from proper ui update in similar sitations .
since you make a reference to both java and adb in your question it sounds as if you are familiar with both . just have your java application as a wrapper to perform adb system commands . using the system commands to adb , you could use the same java program ( adb wrapper ) to check for the installs and actually perform the installs . you can replace the " pm list packages " with any of the adb commands do perform your intentions . this is the java class you can use . of course your java application can search the return ( response ) string for the apps you want to verify .
you can find your answer e.g. at github , and details in the developers documentation : adb shell 'pm list packages [options] &lt;FILTER&gt;'  prints all packages , optionally only those whose package name contains the text in . options : as you can see : unless you specified the -u parameter , pm list will only show installed apps . filter the output for the package you want to deal with . if the output is " empty " , the package is not installed : adb shell 'pm list packages' | grep -x 'com.foobar'  should output nothing if com.foobar is not installed .
clear dalvik-cache , and you are done .
some vendors set up their phones to reinstall system applications at boot in case they go missing . try finding a directory that contains a copy of the apk that is used to reinstall it , and delete it from there . a simple alternative solution is to freeze the unwanted apps rather than uninstalling them . titanium backup and link2sd can help you with that ( both require root ) . in ics+ , there is also a user-accessible mechanism to deactivate apps from the settings menu .
a locked bootloader means that you will not be able to install software updates ( or flash recoveries , roms ) that has not been signed by the manufacturer/carrier . so the answer is " yes , you can flash an unsigned rom but it will not get loaded by the locked bootloader " .
this is strange , and is most certainly a software issue . it could be that , for some reason or another , chrome ( or another background app ) took up all the available ram , which caused the os to crash - it could be a built in safeguard that the device boots into safe mode when this happens . as well as this , safe mode ( on my old device at least ) , disables all 3rd-party apps ( so you can debug , and see if an app is causing the issue ) . i would suggest you check your ram usage , and maybe do a clean wipe if it happens again .
background android has specific rules regarding the installation of applications and their physical location . it works like and hierarchical structure : if the app has a specified location by the developer , this takes priority . if it is not specified in the app , then the default install location is used . android has 3 identifiers for app storage location : that may be mentioned on the application manifest android:installlocation : " internalonly": the application must be installed on the internal device storage only . if this is set , the application will never be installed on the external storage . if the internal storage is full , then the system will not install the application . " auto": the application may be installed on the external storage , but the system will install the application on the internal storage by default . if the internal storage is full , then the system will install it on the external storage . " preferexternal": the application prefers to be installed on the external storage ( sd card ) . there is no guarantee that the system will honor this request . the application might be installed on internal storage if the external media is unavailable or full , or if the application uses the forward-locking mechanism ( not supported on external storage ) . old applications may have no choice but to install on the internal storage , as per the google documentation : the ability for your application to install on the external storage is a feature available only on devices running api level 8 ( android 2.2 ) or greater . existing applications that were built prior to api level 8 will always install on the internal storage and cannot be moved to the external storage ( even on devices with api level 8 ) . what can i do ? you can manage the installed applications and set their storage location , all from one place : tap " home " to return to your device home screen ; tap your device " menu " button ; depending on your device , you either have to : tap " manage apps" ; tap " settings " > " applications " > " manage applications " . now access the third tab where it reads " usb storage " or " on sd card " ( again , varies with the device ) ; here are listed all the applications that are allowed to be moved to your external storage , tab over one to bring up more options about it ; when the application details panel opens , you have a button " move to sd card " , use it to move that application to your external storage ; press " back " to return to the list . if you have moved the app to the external memory , you will notice that a green tick is present on the right side on the list , to let you know that the application file is currently on your external storage . this is a safe guide to have your os managing the applications and moving then from internal storage to external storage without hacks or tricks . you can read all about it on the google official documentation .
you also have to keep in mind that move apps to sdcard will make them slower , and since they still keep data on internal storage , there can be some annoying side effects : for example , if you move twitter for android to sdcard , you will have to login again every time . this link has some good tips about what you should and should not do : http://techgage.com/article/moving_your_non-movable_android_apps_to_an_sd_card/
as the sdcard could become inaccessible ( e . g . when mounted via usb to a computer , or when removed ) , there are some groups of apps which cannot and should not be installed on external storage -- as they could not keep up their work in those cases . these include : apps using widgets ( widgets could no longer update if the storage is gone ) apps using services ( these services would break then ) apps providing sync adapters ( these adapters would be inaccessible ) most of these apps are not even able to be moved to sdcard , as their developers declared them " internalonly " ( see zuul 's answer ) . but some developers forget about this , and so it might happen you move an app which you better had not -- and then wonder about above mentioned things breaking ( most users notice this with widgets only ) . so better keep this in mind as well when moving apps to external storage .
i found the following but i do not think this is a definitive answer though it looks close to what i need , secure end-to-end encryption with no chance of snooping/sniffing/mitm . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/off-the-record_messaging#phone_apps i was not fully aware of otr though i had heard the term used elsewhere but did not know the full implications . i think otr is what i am looking for . still looking for further input though .
according to page 36 of the nook user guide , the nook supports fonts with latin character sets . other font types can only be viewed if they are embedded in the document . extracted from does nook support chinese/japanese ? you might also want to take a look at this workaround : font changes
you do not " unroot " per se with odin ; you just flash a stock , unrooted rom that wipes out everything currently on the phone . it should not matter whether you use odin or heimdall . note also that unrooting will not matter if you have flashed anything with odin , since that also voids your warranty and is recorded on the device .
the contacts is actually an app , hence as other android apps store it is data , this app also stores in a sqlite database . images are part of contact data and are spotted in database . it is stored in /data/data/com . android . providers/contacta/databases/contracts . db
open the google-maps application . select an area you want to save the map for . once the red pin appears you will have the street name at the bottom of the screen and the ' route ' icon . swipe this white box upwards . one of the options is Save map to use offline
to download maps offline in google maps 7 and 8 , adjust specific area of maps you wanna save offline on your screen and then type " ok maps " in the search box and press enter .
@jules answered his own question : ( . . . ) there is a pairing mode to put the headphones in the first time you use them with the phone . i assume i must have done that when i first got the phone , but i have no recollection of it at all ! all working fine now , so many thanks .
usb otg stands for usb on-the-go . this allows your phone to use usb devices ( e . g . mice , keyboards , external usb drives ) through a microusb to usb adapter . the mhl adapter allows your device to connect via hdmi to a tv or monitor . the statement that it can power the device just means that it can both charge/power the phone and allow hdmi output via the mhl adapter . to get that power , though , it requires your power cable to be connected , as hdmi does not provide power . not all mhl adapters can do this .
nd geek is correct , but the 11 pin connector on the galaxy siii and any new cell phone/tablet/android device using this new connector can go further . the otg function is simultaneous with the mhl and the normal 5 pins are the otg pins . otg hosts can , indeed , power usb downstream devices , but lack current for more than mice and keyboards ( or memory sticks and cameras ) . a powered hub and an otg cable with a micro-b on one end and a micro-a/b on the other end ( the host end ) is needed to use a hub . with this and a power box with 2a output can allow use of hard drives and cd/dvd players . the mhl connection is brought in through the extra 6 pins on the connector ( only 3 of which are used for mhl ) . the ability to charge the phone at the same time as outputting mhl and otg requires 8 of the 11 pins and samsung is being cagey about what those other 3 pins are for . in the end , the traditional 5 pins are for the otg and that explains why the siii is not backwards compatible with other mhl adapters or devices . this does mean that the 11 pin devices will support otg natively and be backwards compatible . hmm . . . 8 pins . . . sounds familiar , somehow .
i have changed setup> mydevice> homescreenmode from easy mode to standard mode , and lock screen swipe options came alive . i hope this helps .
since android uses linux as kernel /dev/kmem exists . it is a virtual character device file that is an image of the main memory of the computer . you can simply dump it with cat /dev/kmem &gt; file  but only as root .
my guess is that this is a carrier problem . when the amazon mp3 app recently updated it had a warning message to contact sprint if there was any stuttering with the music since sprint 's network does not work well with streaming audio . i have not had an issue yet so i removed the notice otherwise i would post it here for you to see . it is only a guess though so since i am basing this completely on what i read in that notice from amazon .
this would be related to your data network speed rather than the application . try to test it with a wifi connection and see if that gets you better audio .
i am going to go out on a limb and say that the htc hero does not have enough cpu to handle the audio codecs . you may have some success rooting it and overclocking the cpu , but it'll shorten the life of your hardware and void your warranty .
click on the phone menu , then click on the right side . there will be three options : send message speed dial setting call setting
samsung phones have an option to sync data in the background , disabling it , saves data , as updates are only checked for when an app is open ( email/im/whatsapp etc ) . you need to enable that ( see green icon in image below ) to let your apps periodically check for data . screenshot ( click for larger variant )
you could try lcddensity to create the effect of a higher resolution . not sure how this would look in a vm though .
thanks to eldarerathis comment . indeed , i was able to set needed resolution by modifying kernel boot parameters . instead of video=-16 in kernel boot options i use video=uvesa UVESA_MODE=1024x768 and all is working in native monitor resolution ! more detailed description is here ( in russian language ) .
sometimes my computer does the same thing , though it does not come up too often . in those cases , i try plugging the device into a different usb port . usually it fixes the problem ( though the first port is still ' disabled ' for that particular device until i reboot ) .
install avast . enter its firewall section ( requires root access to work ) and allow/deny apps in roaming column ( wi-fi and home cell access will be untouched ) . avast 's firewall provides two modes : block selected and allow selected . choose any as per your requirement . use my data manager if you want to track data usage of individual apps . it has dedicated roaming section . it can help you in creating firewall rules or lowering data usage of important apps .
give a try to onavo count - it can block certain apps to use only wifi , cap data usage , provide alerts on data hogging apps , has widgets and more . link : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.onavo.android.onavoid overall , it is a very handy app for data management . it also comes with a companion app onavo extend to save on data usage : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.onavo.android.onavoics i would also suggest to keep data turned off as a pre-caution , and turning it on periodically - even if you use onavo . settings > wireless and networks > mobile networks and tick off the " data roaming " checkbox . enjoy your trip !
not without a rooted device ( or uninstalling/freezing the other apps ) . if you have a rooted device , you can control each apps network access e.g. using a firewall app like droidwall or even a more complex security solution like lbe privacy guard . both would allow you to say which app ( s ) may access the network via wifi and/or mobile network -- so you could even let them all work while connected to the free wifi provided by the hotel . if you are not rooted , but your device runs at least android 4 . x or higher , you could alternatively ( temporarily ) " freeze " ( i.e. . disable ) all apps which should not use the internet .
have a look at go locker . it provides you with custom lock screens that can be themed . cant remember if compatible with tablets though .
what i use is clipper+ ( free , on the market ) which provides snippets for reusable fragments like email addresses . it also stores everything you put on the clipboard , as ditto does on windows , which is very useful , too .
you can use copipe . with this you can save some items , and can access it from your notification bar . just click on item , it will be copied . you just need to paste it wherever you want .
i also had this issue . i am using lg gt540 . when using default lg home screen , i can change the lockscreen wallpaper . but if i use any other launchers the option is not there . now what i am doing is : i will switch to lg homescreen just for changing the wallpaper and then will switch back to launcherpro . you should do something like this . i know this is not the answer you are looking for ; i am just giving you some hints .
make a backup uninstall the amazon copy install btep from the play store open titanium backup and select your btep backup . as long as the app is installed at the time , it will give you the option to restore data only :
use one of the following ussd codes to do what you want : *#7780# Factory Reset *2767*3855# Full Factory Reset *#*#7780#*# Factory data reset  source : xda developers forum a full factory reset is also known as a hard reset . it deletes all of your user data , firmware settings , and wipes your sd card as well . factory resets do not wipe the sd card . basically , a hard reset leaves nothing but the last rom flashed . this is probably what you want . factory reset vs . hard reset
i do not have that particular model , but every android phone i have owned has had a " factory data reset " option . on my nexus s , it is under settings/privacy .
root will not be necessary , the android api allows apps to set the output file format to . mp4 . so you just need to find an app that makes use of it . but , as with most video file extensions , .avi and .mp4 are just container formats . therefore the actually used video codec , that is responsible for the quality of the video , is not changed by changing the container format . the android api itself recommends to use .3gp as container format for better compatibility . using an mpeg-4 container format may confuse some desktop players . source i am not aware of an android video recording app that actually saves the video with h . 264/avc compression . i think that this is because of the royalty fee one has to pay to use the codec .
i have been experiencing this as well on the same build/phone . a user on this thread claims that m5 may be much less error prone . i have not reverted to m5 yet myself . when this error loop happens to me , i hold down the power button and try to select " reboot " between the times when i hit ok in the " unfortunately . . . " box .
android allows mounting of removable media over usb . before the storage media is mounted on the host computer , the android device unmounts it to ensure that only a single system has the storage media mounted at a time . that works fine for removable media . when an android device has only internal memory without any removable media ( like the galaxy nexus and newer nexus devices ) , the device cannot unmount its internal memory to let the host computer mount it . the android os requires use of the internal memory . hence , mounting over usb does not work . some devies with internal memory only ( like the nexus s ) worked around this problem by providing a separate storage partition not required by the android os . that separate partition could be unmounted by android and allowed to be mounted on the host computer . multiple storage partitions make it harder for users to manage their storage space . that is , one partition may fill up first while there is plenty of space in the other partition . so recent nexus devices come only with a single partition in their internal memory which cannot be directly mounted on the host computer . with such devices , mounting the internal memory on the host computer can be achieved with go-mtpfs using mtp and fuse . i have tested the following on ubuntu 12.04.1 . setup : mount an android device : $ mkdir /tmp/AndroidDevice $ go-mtpfs /tmp/AndroidDevice &amp;  use the mounted filesystem : $ ls /tmp/AndroidDevice Internal storage $ ls /tmp/AndroidDevice/Internal\ storage/ ...  unmount : $ fusermount -u /tmp/AndroidDevice  references : http://www.androidpolice.com/2011/11/18/impromptu-qa-session-with-android-engineer-dan-morrill-brings-to-light-reasons-behind-galaxy-nexus-lack-of-usb-mass-storage/ http://blog.itsbilal.com/2012/12/connect-an-android-4-0-phonetablet-to-ubuntu-the-reliable-way/
another work around is to use yahoo mail to export your facebook friends then import them into gmail . it is not a very sustainable workaround for keeping things in sync , but would make the initial sync much easier than manually duplicating the contacts .
so far , my only work-around is to recognize a new facebook contact , navigate away from it , manually create a new completely empty contact by the same name , link the two , then begin duplicating the data . this is cumbersome and should not be necessary .
if you have a rooted phone , you can always edit your hosts file to block known adult sites . trying to block all sites is an exercise in futility , unless you opt for a slight reversal of logic and use white-listing wherein only allowed websites are allowed to be connected to and all others are blocked . as of now , i am not aware of any app on android that offers this functionality . there are other avenues for adult content - the android market is one of them and blocking that seems counter-productive for a smartphone . also take a look @ droidwall - an app that only allows certain apps to access the net . * update : *trend micro 's paid app mobile security seems to have parental controls , although i can not vouch for the app 's efficacy . the user reviews do not paint a very comforting picture but a 30 day trial is available so you can test the app out yourself .
it may be worth contacting your carrier . i know vodafone uk , for example , offers some sort of parental control . though this would not monitor access over wifi .
k9 webprotection is out for android . seems like it does not work for some devices , though , as it is based on firefox . this can always be combined it with an app locker to block the default chrome browser .
it does not block content , but x3watch monitors what websites you visit . if you use that in conjunction with droidwall as suggested by sparx , or use an app protector to block/limit other apps , that may help . update : covenant eyes now has an app now available in the market . as with x3watch , it does not block sites ( though it may in the future ) but reports what websites you visit . it is officially a beta version , but seems to work well . the app itself is free , but usage requires a covenant eyes account - which also covers usage of any programs on the pc or mac .
t mobile has some sort of optional content filter also . i know that it only works when you are browsing over 3g/4g/edge , not wifi . i do not know how well it works though , as the only experience i had with it was it being turned on in error and me having to call to get it turned back off .
in the context of android , more ram means android can keep more sleeping program in the ram so they will be ready to be quickly resumed when you return back to the apps . more ram means android is going to spend less of its time killing and reloading apps from the internal memory/sd card , and instead spend more time doing actual work you care about . this means that more ram usually give you better/faster task-switching . also , more ram means your homescreen is less likely to be killed ; and you will not experience that 10-second-wait-that-feels-like-forever . having more ram also allows you to run complex apps that naturally requires a lot of memory , e.g. photo/video editor , complex games , etc . a higher cpu is able to calculate things much faster , while this might look tempting at first , it is notable that most programs -- except for games and synthetic benchmark and possibly flash-heavy webpages -- are i/o-bound and not cpu-bound ; in other word , most programs are waiting for network transmission , flash storage reads , dma reads , touch event processing , etc to finish , instead of waiting for some calculations . in cpu-bound application , increasing cpu speed can mean less latency between touching the screen and the screen updating to reflect the touch event . however , up to a certain point , there will be no longer any noticeable benefit of adding even more cpu ; beyond a certain point , the input turnaround will be much faster than our own brain 's turnaround time ( approx . 100-200ms ) and we will not be able to perceive the benefit of adding even faster cpu . also , note that input-to-output turnaround time depends on a large number of other factors , e.g. the latency of the cables , speed of the bus , etc . second , having some extra cpu time to spare also means that android can assign those spare cpu cycles to background processes , so background processes can run better . summary more ram : better task-switching can run more complicated apps or open larger/more complex files more cpu : faster turnaround between input and response ( less lag ) on cpu-bound apps better background processing in short , both are equally important ; your own personal usage pattern will determine which is more valuable for you . if you generally stays in a single program and is sensitive to input-to-output latency then having faster cpu will be more valuable for you ; if you constantly task switch between many different apps or if you need to run complex memory-hungry apps to open complex large files , then having extra ram is going to be more valuable to you .
in a phone most of the programs you will use are thinks like email , im , web browser ,  this kind of apps does not need a powerful cpu , but given the fact that you will be using an android phone you will be running multiple applications at the same time which needs some extra cpu time , but more importantly , needs enough ram memory to accommodate all the applications . so , more than one or the other , the important thing in and android phone balance . with a 2ghz cpu and 512mb of ram you will be wasting cpu power because the phone will not have enough memory to accommodate sufficient applications to consume that amount of cpu cycles . the same occurs with a 500mhz cpu and 2gb or ram , the processor will not have enough cycles to execute enough applications to consume that amount of ram . so balance is the thing to consider . a cpu at 1ghz with 512 to 1gb of ram is a great combination . the same goes for a 600mhz with 256mb to 512mb ( a little underpowered for recent versions of andorid ) , or for a new two cores 1ghz cpu with 712mb or more of ram . given this considerations my recommendation will be to search for a phone with a 1ghz or more cpu and 1gb or more of ram , this phone will be powerful enough to run all the applications you will need in the next 2 years that is the maximum period of time you will be using the phone giving the evolution rate of the mobile technology .
well this is very subjective , because it depends what you are doing . first of all , true multitasking ( having multiple apps run ) requires a faster cpu , so that all the processes can run at a decent speed . you are right that for all these apps to remain in memory , you need more ram . i have 512 mb ram , and my processes only start getting killed if i run something that uses a ton like angry birds . on the other hand i have a 1 ghz processor and i never notice slowdowns regardless of what i am doing ( apart from angry birds bogging itself down during long plays ) . if you are doing email , twitter , facebook , web , etc . then you probably want more ram . if you want to play games then you need a decent amount of ram , but the processor and graphics chip is going to be more important . in general . another important consideration is i/o speed . if you have a samsung phone that uses rfs , install an ext4 lagfix &mdash ; you will notice a huge improvement . if you are recording hd video you may want a faster sd card ( we have questions about that ) , and so on . storage size is largely unrelated to performance , but you will want to consider that as well . many users kick themselves after installing a few apps and finding that they have run out of space . i highly recommend a device like my vibrant , which has an excessive 2 gb internal ( system+data ) storage ( and 14 gb internal sd , plus the external sd card ) .
it is actually the memory bandwidth that is most limiting . secondly , a good balance in specs , including ram size , processor speed and parallelism .
i would not use a stock app to do this . i have tried using the stock app to do data managing and it is really not that great . here is a great app that will do fine for your situation : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mobidia.android.mdm it is free of course , so nothing to lose . here is their youtube video if you want to just check it out : https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embeddedv=5u_9bcjedq4
have you tried a profile management app like swip , tasker or condi ? these should give you more control over your wifi schedule . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=at.fhhgb.mc.swip https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=il.co.kix.minitasker
android tracks events that affect battery usage and stores this information in batterystats . bin file . some examples : length of time screen was on with a specific brithness setting which application ( or non android app process ) and how long held a wake lock ( prevents device from sleeping ) cpu usage per process ( android app or other process ) phone signal strength gps usage etc . android computes how much power each application or component ( e . g . screen ) uses based on configuration information included on the device by the manufacturer . not everything is measured so the statistics can be sometimes misleading , but it gets better with every android platform release . battery statistics can be dumped from the device using : adb shell dumpsys batteryinfo  here is interesting fragment of a post by diane hackborn with more details about wake locks power consumption : there are two ways power from wake locks is computed . on some chipsets , simply holding a wake lock needs to prevent the cpu from going to a full deep sleep . in the reported battery usage , this extra power use will be distributed across all apps holding wake locks . even if the wake lock itself does not cause power use , holding a wake lock in one app can allow other applications to run and cpu when they would not otherwise . ( for example , some app may have a { sleep ( 1 ) ; do something ; } loop that would not run if no wake locks are held . ) to address this , half of the cpu usage of applications is distributed to be blamed on the ones holding wake locks .
someone should back me up on how this works , but . . . apps you have installed are synched with your google/gmail account , and will download upon initial sign-in to your new phone . my droid just recently broke , and i was close to the upgrade time , so i got a droid 2 global . i know , of course , my contacts and calendar are synched with my google account , however so were my apps . the verizon rep did not touch my old phone , yet all my apps began downloading as soon as i signed in for the first time . also , to my surprise , my cyanogen background also showed up ( i was running cyanogenmod 6 when my original droid died ) . so , in theory , this should also work for you . verizon uses a proprietary tool called backupassistant that normally takes care of synching most things on your phone , but i specifically deleted it as i do not want my info backed up to verizon . i believe the app sync is built into your google account .
yes you can . there are a number of utilities around to do backup and restore , as well as other options . i recently moved from the htc magic to the desire hd . the way i did it was to use a free appbrain account . this has a few advantages , in my opinion : you can search for , read about and tag for installation , applications , on your computer , with a larger screen/keyboard etc . you can organise apps into groups if you have multiple android devices . you can share your apps with other people . you can check out appbrain at http://www.appbrain.com/ if you just want straight backup and restore , titanium backup , as mentioned by others , is a good choice . ( http://www.matrixrewriter.com/android/ ) you can also find both of them in the android market .
matt has a first-hand experience with accidentally having google backup all his applications : cancel all market updates/downloads at once
if you are getting another of the same phone running the same firmware then you should be able to use titanium backup , pull the backup to your computer , get the new phone , install ti backup , replace the backup files from your computer , and then run batch restore of your apps . i have not done this before , hopefully others will have more input .
the only issue with titanium backup is that your phone needs to be rooted . if it is not rooted and you are not prepared to root the device , then a suitable alternative would be to use my backup pro : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.rerware.android.mybackupprohl=en http://www.rerware.com/
yep . firstly , unless you have downloaded pirate apps ( by which i mean you have downloaded each and every app through the play store ) , the downloaded apps will be in your ' purchase history ' for the google account ( does not matter whether you have actually spent money on the app or got it for free ) . when you undergo initial setup on a new android device and after entering your email address , you are normally given a choice to download all your previous ' purchased apps ' . however , just to be on the safe side , you should make a backup of all your existing apps through a backup utility ( dozens of them on the play store ) . this has the additional advantage that ( depending on the utility ) you may also get all your old app data too . if you use the first method ( the one with the initial setup and email address ) , there is a probability ( depending on your sync settings and the apps ' readiness to backup to google ) that your old app data will not be available to you .
have you checked whether the network is broadcasting its ssid ? if it is not then your phone will not find it and the network will not appear in the list . you can enter the network details manually by going into the wi-fi settings ( under wireless and network on my 2.1 phone ) , then clicking add wi-fi network ( at the bottom of the wi-fi networks section ) , then entering the network 's ssid . if you are already doing this and the network is not being added , it may be that the router has restricted the client devices that can connect to it . in this case you will have to use a client with an established connection and modify the settings to allow your phone . you can typically add the mac address to a whitelist . you can typically find your phone 's mac address under settings -> about phone -> status -> wi-fi mac address
go to Settings &gt; Apps &gt; and select the last tab named All . on top right corner , tap the 3 dots button , and select Reset app preferences . this will enable all the disabled apps on your phone .
i am developing an open-source app called electricsleep , and it will eventually have this sort of functionality . it is getting close to going into beta . project website : http://code.google.com/p/electricsleep/
there is sleep bot tracker log and sleep logger . they do not seem to directly connect to google health , but they let you export data ( one does csv , the other does not specify ) .
matthew was right . though since most of the steps had been already done from original rooting , i simply redownloaded the superuser . zip and installed from recovery . fixed the problem . thanks .
resistive touch and capacitive touch will operate the apps the same way , the same way a laser and a mechanical mouse are two different technologies designed to do the same thing for the user . both have their advantages and disadvantages , for instance try using your capacitive iphone screen with gloves or finger nails , it wont work . a capacitive screens are known to be more accurate in general , although some nokia n900 users would argue that point . if you are buying a cheap tablet , i would not expect a resistive screen to be as accurate or responsive as a capacitive screen used on most mainstream models out there . you should be able to pan zoom even if the screen only supported "2 points " multitouch i would not stress about that . all pdf viewers will be compatible its a matter of trying a few out for yourself one by one , probably start with the official adobe pdf reader and go from there , everyone will have different tastes in what they want from a pdf viewer app . keep reading if you are still interested , http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/touchscreen#technologies
some people have found work arounds for this problem . i have not tried myself but it looks like there are 2 ways it can be done . here is the linkhttp://www.androidtablets.net/forum/allwinner-a10-based/47980-can-anyone-help-me.html
once you have an active google account , which you can create here https://accounts.google.com/signup?continue=https%3a%2f%2fwww.google.com%2fhl=en on your android ics device , go to : settings> accounts> add account you will see many options from which you can choose , among them google . generally you can add an account by running a google app , such as reader , play or gmail , and it will ask you to sign in with your google account .
i have a d2pad as well and i am successfully using google+ . like mike c said , go to settings> accounts and sync> add account ( top right corner ) . there will be 4 options to choose from . corporate/dropbox/email/google . tap google and sign in to your google account . now that you setup your google account , open 1mobile market search and download and install google+ . hope this helps
it looks like your device is not approved by google , so sadly , you can not officially get google apps for it . it also seems to be a pretty unknown tablet from an unknown manufacturer , so there is not a community around it who might have unofficial versions . however , if the tablet is just a rebadged version of something more popular ( like many of these tablets are ) , this program might help you identify the actual manufacturer and get help that way .
i am afraid the hardware you have bought is not an official android device , and so will not have google account options available to you . i will try and find a work around for you .
from what i know ( and by no means am i an expert on rooting ) the phone with the red triangle is the standard htc recovery mode , not the clockworkmod recovery . so my guess is that your rooting method is not working correctly . so , what method are you using and is your desire branded / locked to a network ? when i rooted my desire a few weeks back , i struggled to get clockworkmod installed - i was using the unrevoked method . i ended up having to factory reset the device to be able to install it , which is always an option , but you will lose all your saved date ( i am having to replay all the angry birds levels ) .
some people are reporting success by simply wiping data and cache first , then flashing the rom , wiping cache again , then flashing the gapps package . thread on the cm forums here ( from cm 6.1.1 , do not know if it is a related or similar problem , though ) . the flash might not work on a 2 . x release of cwm . you can get 3.0.0.5 here , but i do not know how stable it is right now . the filesystem changed to ext4 in gingerbread and i know the 2 . x releases are not really supported on other devices . they also changed from one update scripting language to another , which i think is related . it creates generally weird behavior from what i have read . . . edit : also looks like you can get cwm 3.0.2.8 from the cyanogenmod forums now . some relevant discussion can be found on xda here ( from the desire hd section ) . edit : since bryan noted that this solved it for him in the comments : it is also possible to simply push the apps manually onto the system partition . the safest way is probably to boot into recovery , then just mount /system as rw and adb push the . apk files to /system/app . you probably could do it from a regular boot ( not in recovery ) but it might cause some weird behavior ( and i have not personally tried this ) .
i have just had same prob trying to change get auto capitals back in text . i have found when on text input screen by pressing the cog wheel symbol bottom right of screen and you can select various setting , one is for auto capitals . it drove me mad ' til i found it , reckon i must have hit it by accident sometime . good luck hope this regains a bit of sanity , cheers .
settings > language and keyboard > samsung keypad > auto-capitalization .
if its on the default apps of your phone , go to google play store and download root explorer , from there , prese the buttons befote the micro sd card simbol , then locate and press app/system apps , find superuser and delete it from the internal phone .
there are a few scenarios that might explain what is going on . superuser app binaries need to be updated open your superuser app and check for any updates to the binaries . the binary is what gives that superuser app the right to grant or deny other apps superuser priviliges . if it is outdated or has been replaced by a different binary , you may need to update it to get it working again . root priviliges denied permanently for the app when an app requests superuser access , a superuser app generally prompts the user to Allow or Deny . usually , it also gives the option to follow the same action temporarily , for a set time , or permanently ( depending on the superuser app you use ) . if you deny an app root privileges permanently , it will likely cause the app to pause when asking the system for root privileges until it times out . check your superuser app to make sure titanium backup is not marked as deny . lack root you may have lost root access ( possibly during an automatic over the air update ) , which would be why the app requesting superuser rights is failing . most superuser apps display a toast or other message anytime an app requests root privileges ( along with whether that request was granted or denied ) . alternate superuser app another superuser app may have been installed to take over requests for sudo access . if you know you have root , check for other superuser apps . they usually have " super " in them , though this is not a guarantee . very slow device on my old phone , there would be times when the cpu was bogged down ( ex right after bootup ) . if i tried to open a root app , it would ask for root rights , then time out before the superuser app could process the request . this usually only happened for an app that caused a prompt to allow or deny , but it still happened on occasion with apps that had been granted access forever .
looking at this which caught my eye : sounds like a botched install of the superuser app in itself . where did you get the app from as matter of curiousity ? thing is , there is two versions of superuser apps and are not interchangeable , its either one app or the other , both mutually exclusive . one by koushik dutta and one by noshufou i would be more inclined to think that this particular one was a mix ' n ' match version . try downloading the " proper " version either on the play store .
there is a rather large number of speaking clock apps in the android marketplace . specifically , the " speaking clock " app seems to do what you are after , and it is free .
is it a google apps account ? if so , you need to flick some settings in the domain manager : Settings-&gt;Calendar-&gt;Share all information and/or Share all information, and outsiders can change calendars . have you tried going into the calendar settings and checking `share this calendar with others ' ? wait a while . google calendar settings changes often take a while to propagate , i have found ( at least with google apps ) . possibly because the server i am making my changes on is different from the server that my phone is hitting up .
you need to go to the ' connected sites and applications ' section on the security page and click ' review permissions ' . from here you should see feedly listed like this : click the " revoke access " button and feedly will no longer be able to access your account .
you can find an original kernel on sam mobile as @sil suggested . i am using an original orange rom for my samsung galaxy s2 . this website has original roms for all samsung smartphones so i guess you just have to trust them , being one of the most used websites for this kind of content . about the installation , if it fails , which it should not , you can just try installing the rom again and if it still fails then you can re-install your current rom . you can try backing up your settings files using titanium backup .
i was not able to find the stock kernel for this device . instead , i tried siyah 5.0.1 http://www.gokhanmoral.com/?p=1536 . i flashed it with odin . camera works ! will see if rest of phone still works as before .
have you tried this site ? sammobile just select the right country and mobile operator .
to transfer files you can try airdroid . but it is free only when the device are on the same wifi network . access via mobile data is limited to 100 mb/month . for video streaming , you can try emit . the free version puts ads on your stream and you can stream to your phone even when not on the same network , but you will need to mess a bit with ports .
spent the last hour looking for an answer to your question , think i got a solution for you . the app " playto universal " $4.99/us and " cast2tv-pro " $2.99/us , both available from play store will stream directly to the pc from your android . they should work for your " game face cam " . good luck ! !
as phones with significant amounts of internal storage became prevalent , android started to store application and user data on the same partition . as the latter was traditionally stored on an sd card , these phones now call it an " internal sd " card , although no actual sd card is used . in this arrangement , it makes no sense to " move apps to the ( internal ) sd card " , because it would still reside on the same internal partition , occupying the same space , so these implementations of android do not have this button . sadly , they did not feel the need to allow moving apps to the external sd , because they thought the internal storage could not reasonably be exhausted simply by installing apps - or that this option would confuse users . so , you can not move apps to the external storage . you can , however , move personal data ( e . g . music , videos , pictures ) to the external sd which will free up space to install apps on . also , if you have root on your phone , you could create an additional partition on your external sd card and move apps there using an application or script designed to do that - my favorite is link2sd , you can look it up in the play store .
press the Volume Down and Power buttons at the same time and hold them for a second or so ( this is the vanilla behavior , at least ; source ) . by default on my device it will save to /sdcard/Pictures/Screenshots ( or whatever your equivalent " external storage " path is , i assume ) .
the best and simplest idea in the long run would be to get a wireless broadband router that also supports ethernet ( wired networking ) . your pc can still use cables and your android phone just connects to it using wi-fi . without a wi-fi router you still have a few more options that work with windows , as long as your pc has wi-fi ( which you can get using a simple usb network card that costs less than 20 usd ) . in this case you have a few options ( in order of recommendation ) : use software to turn your pc into a wifi router that shares it is internet connection . instructions are available here . setup an ad-hoc network with windows and then root your android phone to enable it to see ad-hoc networks using the instructions found here . use wi-fi direct which is a new protocol that'll work with android 4.0 and windows 8 ( not very helpful , i know ) .
from everything i have read about this topic , it is possible to do on a linux machine , but not with a windows machine . this could be because of something with adb on windows , or the usb drivers for windows . here is the info ( note that this reference was done with a nexus one ) : requirements : android 2.2 ( or an older version with a root tethering app ) adb from android sdk , or a rooted android 2.2 with terminal in root mode step 1: device : connect usb cable and activate usb tethering . you should see on linux new network interface . step 2: on linux computer , setup a bridge : usb0 is the new network intreface eth0 is the main interface connected to internet ( or a gateway ) $ sudo ifconfig eth0 0.0.0.0 $ sudo ifconfig usb0 0.0.0.0 $ sudo brctl addbr br0 $ sudo brctl addif br0 eth0 $ sudo brctl addif br0 usb0 $ sudo ifconfig br0 up $ sudo dhclient br0 see network connection bridge help to setup bridges step 3: setup usb0 interface of your phone . you have to options : from your computer , execute : . /adb shell netcfg usb0 dhcp or in a root terminal on your phone , type : su netcfg usb0 dhcp you should now be able to connect to internet on your phone using your computer 's internet connection . try to do a ping www.google.com to be sure step 4: to shut down the reverse-tethering , first unbridge interfaces on your computer : $ sudo ifconfig eth0 down $ sudo ifconfig usb0 down $ sudo ifconfig br0 down $ sudo brctl delbr br0 $ sudo ifconfig eth0 up $ sudo dhclient eth0  then on your phone , uncheck the usb tethering option
the easy way : restart your phone in recovery mode , than mount system . now you can push your file without a problem .
how to solve : failed to push selection : out of memory while creating new android virtual device ( avd ) . . on sd card tab type some value ( 100 ) in mb . really , it works for me ! !
launch the emulator from the command line so that you can specify a /system partition size using the -partition-size &lt;MB&gt; option . for example , i use this to launch an emulator running android 1.6 with a /system partition of 512 mb : emulator -avd Donut -partition-size 512  . . . where " donut " is whatever you named your avd ( you can check in eclipse 's avd manager if you need to ) . the emulator binary should be in your tools/ directory within your sdk install , which for you appears to be C:\android\android-sdk-windows\tools , so be sure you cd into that directory first ( or add it to your system 's %Path% ) . eclipse may not pick up the emulator right away , or it may recognize it and then drop the connection . if either of those happens , click the view menu on the devices tab ( the little arrow next to the minimize button ) and select " reset adb " to get the connection back . once it shows up in your devices , do what you were trying to do earlier . run adb remount to get the /system partition in read-write mode , then use eclipse to push the file wherever you want . i tested with a couple of random files a minute ago and was able to push them to /system/xbin without any trouble . for reference , here 's the partition size and use of /system on my donut emulator when i specify a 512 mb partition : &gt; adb shell df ... /system: 508416K total, 61332K used, 447084K available (block size 4096) ...  but here 's how it looks if i launch without specifying a size : &gt; adb shell df ... /system: 65536K total, 61204K used, 4332K available (block size 4096) ...  additionally , you can set command line options in your application 's run configuration via eclipse if you want to . go into your java perspective , then select Run-&gt;Run Configurations from the menu bar . select your application in the left pane , and then pick the " target " tab . at the bottom is a text box labeled " additional emulator command line options " , and you can add -partition-size &lt;MBs&gt; to that text box so that the emulator launched when you run your application will have a larger /system partition . note : you may have to add also -no-snapstorage or other options , to disable loading the existing snaphot , to the command line . it did not work without it for me .
on your phone . you can install firefox if you not already have it . then open firefox and install this extension named https everywhere . it forces every site to load in https if it has https capability . it includes youtube in its list , so it may solve your problem for using youtube in https mode on your android .
you need to search for the address in maps first then star it , then it will show up in navigation . they are two different apps
if you are referring to the google maps android application ( aka maps ) , the star option is available from within the location details : open the " maps " app ; search or navigate to the desired location ; tap over the balloon with the location name ; after the location options page opens , you will find on the top/right corner a star ; tap the star and that location is now starred by you . access the starred locations navigation app in the navigation app , swipe left to see your " starred " locations . tap the one you want to get your navigation directions . maps app tap the top/left app icon , just before the search box and select " my places " .
in your google account dashboard view , in the andoid device part you can see which applications stored someting in the android backup service , for my account , beside the standard android wallpaper , android system settings and android market i have some " dragon , fly ! free " data ( a game ) .
there is no way to limit the cache of browsers or apps , however you could use one of many cache cleaner apps to sweep the cache/temp files in one stroke . take a look at dolphin browser as well - it has an option to store the cache on the sd card , so that will eliminate your space problem . there is also the option of clearing the cache/history each time you exit the browser . also has sync , extensions and flash support ( depending on your device ) . btw - i do not think opera mini stores a cache as opera mobile does . opera mini does however store pages in folders specified by the user .
you can do that with titanium backup pro 's Market Auto Updates\u2026 feature .
as you might already know . . . this feature finally comes in-built with play store v4.3.10 . see this .
go to the desired app , touch the 3-dotted menu button and check auto-update for that app .
there is an app that enables it ( aptly called wifi pppoe ) , but it requires you to root your phone . pppoe is not natively supported in the android sdk .
aha ! the trick is to enable web history . after doing so , i now see addresses for my contacts ( my " people" ) in maps when i search for them by name .
the below is from google support and it also includes ipad / iphone support for anyone that may be relevant to . search for a contacts address google contacts see home and work addresses for friends , family and colleagues in your google contacts on the map . here 's how to find a contact 's address on the map : 1 . open the google maps app . 2 . to sign in , touch the person icon next to the search box . if your person icon is filled in , youre already signed in . 3 . in the search box at the top , start typing a name . ` suggested contacts will appear in the search results . 4 . touch a result to see that person 's address on the map . if your account is managed by your company or another organisation , you can not currently search for contacts . as per the op finding the solution himself , you need to enable web history for this functionality to work .
swiftkey stores personalized predictions in the sd card but probabily in a hidden file . in order to change your predictions i think you should reset your typing data under advanced in the app . afterwards , you have to re-teach your expressions ( 3-4 times the same words ) . hope this helps
android has a built-in drm framework from multiple companies aligned under the open mobile alliance . your phone is bloated with : widevine drm framework microsoft dx drm framework open mobile alliance drm framework
paid apps are tied to an google account . but this is because of the google framework and not because of android . no one needs to " remove drm from android " because there is no drm within android . only support for it . if you install free ( as in beer ) apps , everyone can use them . there is only one imitative that goes one step further then being drm-less : android foss apps @ http://f-droid.org/
strictly speaking , you do not have to use google 's services if you do not want to . newer android os versions ( 2.3 and above , if i am not mistaken ) allow you to bypass the initial sign-in with a gmail/google account . you lose the synchronization with google 's services , but otherwise the phone will be functional . you can then use other services ( e . g . amazon , getjar , slideme , etc . ) or simply side-load apps directly to your device if you can get them from other sources .
there is an alternative to the aosp/cm which frees you of any closed source versions of android along with @chahk 's answer called replicant . and it incorporates f-droid into it as in , free open source software without drm . it would be quite easy to port to a device that has a known working cyanogenmod device tree for the said device in question .
by searching in google , i landed in a discussion thread on xda . it seems that this issue is a software bug and just to troubleshoot , keep the battery charged fully and see at what level of the battery this issue comes up . and you are being referred in that discussion as well ; - )
the problem is not the strength , but the direction . at least my nexus 4 makes no noise if it vibrates while lying flat on the table . lay it on the side , and it will wake the dead . the axis of rotation should be paralell to the screen , not perpendicular . no amount of software will fix this hardware/design error .
there was a thread similar to yours a while back . it refered to a stackoverflow thread with a overwhelmingly positive answer . one of the answers is to clear dumpstack . here is the excerpt from the stackoverflow answer . here 's a very simple solution that works on my samsung galaxy s ii and note 1 ; i have no idea about other models : Open the Phone app and switch to Keypad. Dial *#9900# On the screen that appears, click on the button labelled "Delete dumpstate/logcat".  i have restored about one gb of system space this way . hope this solves your problem .
root and flash your phone it solves anything ( not only in my experience )
yes you must root , flash etc and then install a new rom . i had all of this crap on my s2 so i just upgraded to a nexus 5 . best thing i ever did
this device will never officially get ics , as it only has an armv6 processor . ics needs an armv7 processor to function . the only way to get ics would be if someone ports it to your device - but it would be difficult . i suggest you look at xda-developers to see if someone has ported it , or is trying to . be aware that it would be buggy if it is ported .
many questions in one , but all connected -- so i will give it a try : you can device those apps in two categories , basically : those which work " similar " to the native app2sd , and those which do not . there are several rules an app must obey to be " allowed " for installation on sd card . apps installed on sd card can e.g. not automatically start at boot time ( as the boot_completed event is broadcast before the card is mounted ) . they also may not offer widgets , services , alarms , and some other things -- as those functionalities would break when the sd card gets " removed " ( e . g . when mounted to the pc ) . all these rules are obeyed by the native method . those " advanced app2sd " helpers which " move more apps " mostly ignore some of these rules . the app will work nevertheless , but maybe some of its features are broken . and then there is at least one app working completely different : link2sd . this app simply creates " symbolic links " to the sdcard ( after copying the app/data over there ) , and thus fool the system which still thinks they are on internal storage . by using a separate partition on the card ( which will be " invisible " when connected to the pc , and thus not mounted ) it works around some of the caveats -- a trick some of the above mentioned " advanced app2sd apps " also play . this variant obviously requires root , as it handles apps and their data itself -- which is not possible for a non-root app . same applies to some of the above tools when they offer to move app data / dalvik cache to the card , which is also not possible without root .
just leave the damn app alone , it is black and uninviting anyway , and install a more appealing sms app , try go sms or handcent sms .
it is possible , but unlikely , that it is being killed by the android automatic killer to free up ram , but as the samsung galaxy s2 has 1 gb of ram this is unlikely . one other explanation is that you are accidentally pressing the home button while you type , or are pressing something on your keyboard that has the same effect . if possible , install the drivers for your device , download adb + required dll 's , and type into a command prompt : logcat &gt;&gt; logcat.log  then make it happen . this will dump all of the logs to the logcat . log file . you could then paste this into pastebin , for us to have a look at .
you can try to investigate this issue more deeply based on system logs . install some application to grabbing logs from device ( for example sendlog ) . when you application crashes , then grab system log in which should be placed callstack started in your application . getting logs should be done asap after crash , because these files rotate .
i would try going in to Settings -> Applications -> Manage Applications -> All and select the messaging app . then the clear data for the application . there may be something in the data that is corrupt and causing an issue . i know this does not necessarily solve the problem , but you can try using another sms application , like handcent sms for example . i personally never liked the messaging application that comes in touchwiz ( samsung 's additions/changes to android ) , which is why i moved to a custom rom as soon as a stable one was made available . that is not the answer for everyone , but replacing the messaging app with a 3rd party app is " the next best thing " .
you should probably try looking at what processes are running , you probably have a game or application with some services maybe even something with an sms intent grabber to read when you have messages and alert you or whatever . avast is good for monitoring applications resources and uninstalling them if you do not like doing it in the settings . it also puts up applications by permissions which make it easy to see if something is grabbing sms messages off the intent . it is free , you do not need to root , and as long as you do not do the admin mode easy enough to uninstall .
depending on where you are in the world , and which carrier you are with , your phone will have a unique model . you can find your phone 's model number by going to settings > about device and it'll be around the middle of the page . north american models
via techtrickz . com : you can type *#7465625# on the phone to obtain the lock status . type the code *#7465625# or *#simlock# on the keyboard of your phone . itll display various lock status information of your phone . this method should work on all other samsung android handsets . they also suggest imei . info but the site seems to have limited functionality recently .
the maximum size allowable for an android app on the android market is 50mb . [ 1 ] the maximum size allowable for an iphone app on the app store is approximately 2gb . [ 2 ] to answer your question , when you download the android version of this game , you are downloading an application that will download all of the data files either to your phones internal memory or sd card . due to the nature of the game , this is likely to account for the majority of the size difference unless different compression methods are used for resources such as the sound , textures and 3d models . the iphone 's app store has a much bigger file size limit which in this case means that all of the resources can be bundled into the initial download . the phone will not have to fetch any additional resources . [ 1 ] http://support.google.com/androidmarket/developer/bin/answer.py?hl=enanswer=113469 [ 2 ] stackexchange-url
this turned out to be a hardware issue . i had two relatively pleasant conversations with tech support at google play and asus . since it was a new purchase i just returned it .
before updating make full backup of your data . for update using computer you just need to flash system partition using fastbootfastboot flash system system.img , where system img available at image-nakasi-jop40c.zip available inside nakasi-jop40c-factory-6aabb391.tgz , what you can download from google nexus factory images page . using scripts from tgz archive will erase your data without prompt ! dont't flash data , even as you got bootloop ( it can be , if you has applications , incompartible with new version of firmware ) .
estimated , at least 50% of the questions starting with " is there a way ( settings or app ) . . . " can be answered straight away with the " big t " -- tasker . that is an automation tool which does not come cheap ( about 5 bucks ; a free trial is available at its homepage ) , but is worth every cent . it works with so-called " profiles " , where each profile consists of conditions and a task . so let me propose such a profile for you : condition : cell near ( set this up at work , let tasker record all " cells near" ) 1 state &rarr ; headset plugged ( check " invert " to make it the opposite ) task : audio &rarr ; silent 2 1 this refers to your provider 's mobile cell towers , and is the " cheapest " location mode in terms of battery ( as the cells must either be scanned for calls/sms/mobile data being available ) . if that is not exact enough , you may add gps location or wifi near ( to scan for e.g. your office 's wifi ap ) -- which then only kick in as soon as one of the listed cells is detected , again to save your battery . 2 check whatever you want here . you could completely silence your phone ( that would affect ringtone and phonecalls as well ) , but you probably just want the media volume set to zero . so what happens with that profile ? as soon as you come near to your workplace ( "cell near " , the mobile tower ( s ) close to the office ) , and the headset is not connected , media volume ( assuming you chose that ) will be silenced -- as the condition is completely met ( "at office , headset not plugged" ) . now you start your player and hear -- nothing . but once you plug the headset in , the condition is no longer valid -- and tasker reverts to the settings as they have been before the profile was activated ( so you can hear music via headphones ) .
no one has answered my question , so i will share what i have learned with my own investigation . no , you have to uninstall updates from the manage apps menu selection from the home screen . i am currently doing this as a workaround . i did not find a way to email google and get an answer , but i did find their forums . the related question on their forums is at http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/google+mobile/thread?tid=0d337324bcc86a55hl=enfid=0d337324bcc86a550004b349bee9f864 there has been particiption in the discussion from a google employee , which is a good sign . also , version 6.0.0 is an improvement of 5.12.0 , but still not as good as 5.8.0 .
slowdowns like this on phones older than 1 year old are most likely a side affect of memory shortages . to check to see if this is the issue , go to the android settings and look at sd card and phone storage . the last item , " available space " should be 17 mb or more . if you are using the email app ( not gmail ) then you should check your trash folder . in mail , hit menu , then choose folders and scroll down to trash . email never empties the trash folder , even if you have deleted hundreds of messages . you will either have to delete them manually or delete and re-create the account . sometimes the browser builds up a large set of data . you can go into browser settings and hit clear cache . but there seems to be even more data associated with the browser . it is easiest to go to the overall settings , applications , manage applications , then choose the all tab and find browser and tap on it . then click on the action to clear data . this will delete your bookmarks as well so you should make note of them first . finally , you may have background tasks that are hogging the phone 's cpu time . you can get an app like advanced task killer ( free version avail . ) that will periodically kill off any apps that you do not want . for instance , the skype and backup apps on verizon phones run in background all the time but are generally not needed .
try this low-end dialer app , http://www.appstorehq.com/dialerone-android-155708/app gingerbread update has been officially available for huawei ideos now , try that !
i agree that this is a memory issue . i have had times with my previous phone in which my phone froze as soon as it turned on because of memory issues . if you have froyo or above , move as many of your big apps as you can to the sd card . if you have already done this , uninstall apps to free up memory . morris suggested 17mb . this sounds small to me , and i think the actual number depends on which version of android you have and what types of apps you use .
i had similar problem , though we cannot completely rectify this we can reduce the startup time by these approaches , contacts -> more -> check ' only contacts with phones ' , select only required groups in the bottom groups , better u can create a starred group and select it . use 3rd party contacts app like go contacts - https://market.android.com/details?id=com.jbapps.contact to view the complete list of contacts never press back button to exit the dialer , use home button to exit dialer , pressing back will kill the dialer activity you can also try go dialer or https://market.android.com/details?id=kz.mek.dialeronehl=en
you could attempt a factory reset , but like you said you do not want to wipe data . do not use task killers either they will bog your phone down a great amount . also check to see what apps are using a lot of ram . go to manage applications and view running applications .
if you have installed any call blocking apps , uninstall and see if you get an improvement . ( it worked for me . )
i experienced a similar situation with my samsung galaxy gt-i5700 ( spica ) , and i got up to a very weird solution to this : it seems that the huge number of sms was causing the mobile to further slow down ( apart from the large number of apps in the device ) . i then deleted many of the messages , and there was a significant improvement in the dialer operating speeds . i do not know whether the same thing would work for you , it is only a loophole i discovered on my mobile ( fact : samsung spica can only accomodate up to 2000 sms ) . i can only say you can give it a try ( of course , this stands true only if you have many sms stored on your device ) . i do not have answers for the other factors .
this is likely a combination of two things : a ) stuff that the dialer has to load on startup and b ) possibly shortage of memory ( ram ) created by loading those things . the biggest gains are to be had by resolving ( a ) however , this will also have the side effect of resolving ( b ) you might like to try clearing the following : call log - this is loaded each time the dialer is loaded . sms messages - some users have reported that a large number of sms messages can cause the dialer to slow down , though i am sceptical that this makes a difference . contacts - finally , the number of contacts does have a bearing . not only the ones you can see ( "my contacts" ) , but anyone you have ever emailed ( i.e. . other contacts in gmail contacts ) . the last point can be quite important . i have about 130 ' real ' contacts but nearly 1000 people i have emailed at some point while using gmail . there were all being synced to my phone , just not always shown . it is important to make the distinction between ram and persistent storage . for example , clearing out your trash , deleting emails , uninstalling unused apps , or moving them to sd storage is unlikely to help , because these are using up persistent storage , not transient ram . having lots of persistence storage free means just that apps can not use it to run any faster . ram , however , can make them fly . you might also like to take a look at superdial and dialer one , two dialers that i have found most agreeable . they also have t9 contact lookup , which can be a dream to use .
since rooted , download the xposed framework installer from the xda forums : http://forum.xda-developers.com/xposed/xposed-installer-versions-changelog-t2714053 download link is in the first post in the thread : http://dl.xposed.info/latest.apk after xposed is installed , open the app and install the framework , then soft reboot . open the app again , go to downloads and scroll through the modules . there are a few that will do the things that you want . install the modules you want . read the thread and links thoroughly . understand what this will do to your phone . always do a backup first .
there are several ways to achieve root access on an android device -- and they differ a lot , depending on manufacturer , device , android version , and even linux kernel version running . unfortunately , devices do not ship with " root " accounts ( as we are used to from our desktops and laptops ) -- but there is no common way to " root " them . rooting is mostly done via exploits . some require adb installed and an usb-session established . others do not require adb . and again others ship as a single .apk to be copied to the device and started there ( so-called " one click root" ) . and again another method might involve a custom recovery being flashed . . . so many methods . but to explain them all in detail , this is not the right place -- while your question should be answered already , as it required only a " yes " or " no " : )
try this : adb shell " cd /data/local and and mkdir tmp " adb shell mv /data/local/tmp /data/local/tmp . bak adb shell ln -s /data /data/local/tmp adb reboot adb wait-for-device adb shell rm /data/local . prop adb shell " echo \"ro . kernel . qemu=1\" > /data/local . prop " adb reboot by creating a link to from /data to /data/local/tmp , android will believe you are writing to /data/local/tmp even though you are actually writing to /data . this method is actually used to successfully root many devices , though some have it specifically in the build.prop that /data/tmp is off limits . this method might not work with a kindle fire , though i have not tried . i have rooted a kindle fire , but it involved a different method entirely . first , twrp recovery had to be flashed . then , a fake recovery image exploit . then , you could gain access to copy over your su and busybox binaries . you can try the local.prop method as i described above though . it is compatible with many devices .
short answer : you will have to root your device for that . explanation : the shell user has no write permission there . the /data directory is not owned by shell , nor does their group match : on my motorola milestone 2 , e.g. , it is owned by system:system and has the permissions drwxrwxr-x , while shell belongs to the shell group only . only on a rooted device you could either change the permissions , or be privileged enough to override them . ps : on android , the sudo command is simply called su -- which explains your last error ( /system/bin/sh: sudo: not found ) in case your device is already rooted .
you did not follow the rooting instruction properly . http://rootzwiki.com/topic/34162-root-kindlefire-7hd-probably-the-other-2ndgen-kindlefire/ the instruction above would have you create symbolic links to the /data/ directory from /data/local/tmp/ which would make the /data/local . prop writable after a reboot . make sure you follow the instructions precisely , including the reboots and all , and make sure you check each step that they do not produce unexpected error message .
perhaps you should attempt to re-calibrate your battery . google android battery calibration and have read . there are a number of sites that describe the process and even some apps that claim to do it ( i have not tried any , so i can not vouch for them ) .
if you are rooted you can use battery caliberation app to recaliberate your battery . it will reset your battery status .
have you tried plugging it in , letting it charge a bit , then unplugging it ? that ought to reset the battery statistics .
i personally like subsonic to stream my media , and they have apps for all major mobile device platforms . it does on the fly transcoding to flv .
i use tversity to stream to my android device , logitech revue , original xbox , xbox 360 , etc . tversity can transcode the video on the fly . i have , in the past , been able to get matroska container files to play , but not always and with varying results . sometime they do not play at all , sometime they played fine , and sometimes they play , but the video is choppy and out of sync with the audio . being able to stream the video to your android device will depend on the video codec used to encode the video . if the device does not support the codec , it will not play . afaik , android , out of the box , does not support the matroska container , actually , there are a lot of formats that android does not support . using something like tversity on your " media server " allows you to transcode these videos in a format that the device will understand , and can play .
if you have android 2.3.4 or higher you are able to video chat with gtalk . even better , google hangouts allows you to perform one to many video chats .
short answer , maybe possible ! this will depend solely on the two crucial elements if there is a front facing camera on the handset , and that is running skype , then yes . stable wifi internet connection the account on the desktop pc , with skype , shall be called ( for illustrative purpose in explaining how it works ) ' bob ' the account on the handset , with skype , shall be called ' alice ' what you need to do is , with your desktop pc , log on to skype using ' bob ' . now , ' bob ' must have ' alice ' added as their contact . . from the handset , log into skype using ' alice ' , and that account also must have ' bob ' added as their contact . then just interact on skype on handset , logged in as ' alice ' , talking to ' bob ' which is on the desktop pc .
please check out zoom . us . android version is still in beta .
i now use camera ics which has all the features i need .
seems like write_raw_image works only from filesystem and does what dd does . proper way would be to just extract the images package_extract_file("aboot.img", "/dev/block/mmcblk0p5"); package_extract_file("modem.img", "/dev/block/mmcblk0p1"); 
create that obb folder in Android folder .
even if you did not find it , that should not be a problem . just create a new folder . name it OBB , and copy your game content in there .
there are some apps that will do this for you : ringguard : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.x475aws.android.ringguardhl=en volume locker : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.hourdb.volumelockerfeature=related_apps
you can get an almost stock jellybean experience using supernexus - i9100 . it is based off aosp and only has " improvements and optimizations " , but states it is still very near to stock . another option , while differentiating itself from aosp , is cyanogenmod . this is based on aosp , but includes a lot of extra features and improvements of aosp , while keeping the bloat to a minimum . as for instructions on getting it ready for a custom rom , the instructions on the cyanogenmod wiki tend to be fairly accurate and may give you the needed information to get you started . install cm for i9100 if you do not want cyanogenmod on your phone , replace step #2 in the last section with whatever rom you want to try ( like the one above ) . make sure you get the right gapps ( basic google apps including the play store ) unless your rom includes it ( most do not ) .
important : sync your old google account data between your phone and google before starting with the following instructions . you should log in to your old google account , and then go to google takeout , where there are tools to export your account information to an archive ( and even you will be able to transfer all your google+ circles to your new account ) . to move contacts and other info from the old account to the new one , follow the instructions from this article . also you can go to data tools settings page , where you will find how to delete your old account , in the section account management . good luck .
there is a website called htconeroot . com i guess you can find instructions there ( videos at the right side , scroll down )
follow the 5 steps root your android phone to know how to root it just type [ model ] root in google and follow it install the free app rom manager from clockworkmod in google play download the rom you want to try in sd card 4 flash it 5 reboot
i recently bought a trio stealth pro 7c , which uses the allwinner a13 chip . in order to flash a rom , you must use livesuit , which is a chinese-made , windows-only program . you boot your tablet into recovery mode , and livesuit will flash the rom you provide . the rom must be in a specific format , so if you want to create a custom rom to distribute , you have to go through a lot of steps . for more details see this forum or this post* . there are a number of pre-built roms for a10 , but a13 roms are more difficult to find ( if only for the fact that most people do not realize there is a difference ) . you can install clockworkmod on your tablet , if you want , but you probably will not be using it to flash roms . i did , but i am still unable to simply flash a rom properly . you can still to full nandroid backup and restores . *full disclosure : i wrote this post . actually , your question caused me to finish my rough draft and post the finalized version .
micromax funbook is a clone of allwinner a10 chipset based tablet . i once had to flash a rom and asked this question . the link that i had used to flash the rom including the rom itself are available in the answer . you could try that flash tool to install a rom of your choice - but there is a pretty good chance for you to be in trouble if you flash an incompatible rom .
it sounds like you just dragged the tray shortcut off the action bar accidentally . try doing the following : long press on an empty space on any home screen select " launcher actions " from the menu that appears select " open/close app drawer " drag the new shortcut back onto middle button of the action bar
you most likely forgot to restore the " hidden folders " . apps moved to sdcard are placed into a hidden folder called .android_secure . check whether you can find that anywhere , and then restore it as well to its original location . after that ( and another reboot ) , your apps should be back .
there is a way no one has mentioned yet ( for rooted devices ) : use a shell application connectbot or sl4a and type : $ su # reboot  it will reboot instantly . with sl4a you can create a . sh script and add a shortcut to your home , something like su -c "reboot" would do the job , but i am not sure .
the menu you get when you press the shutdown key should give you a list of options including shutdown , restart etc . if it does not , your phone 's manufacturer might have left it out of the rom .
@jadkik94 , what you say is kind of true , it is true that you need root to use the reboot command inside adb shell . although ! you can use " adb reboot " without needing root ; ) this is a small trick that you have to know same counts for adb reboot recovery adb reboot download adb reboot bootloader  so no root is needed to restart the device ( when you have your pc with you ) if you run windows you could also use my little tool called android reboot instructions : put your phone on debugging mode : settings > applications > development ( gb ) put your phone on debugging mode : settings > developer options ( ics and up ) connect your phone with the usb cable to the computer choose one of the options download : http://broodplank.net/files/androidreboot_v1.1.rar
the volume up + power option also works for the samsung galaxy s . you have to hold for about 10 seconds before restart , but it works .
just found out with my galaxy y . hold home button first , then hold power button . just continue holding these buttons for a few seconds and the phone will restart itself . :d
use the app quick boot to restart your device ( a rooted device ) . answer seems to be given partially here : i&#39 ; ve rooted my phone . now what ? what do i gain from rooting ? use the app quick boot to restart your device . start the quick boot app and choose ' reboot ' and there you go .
press ( volume up + power ) at the same time . it will reboot the phone . tested on galaxy s captivate .
actually , for the samsung galaxy s 4g just hold the power button for ten seconds and it will restart .
it means your activity is taking very long to be recreated since every time you rotate the screen , entire activity gets redrawn . it does not mean the phone sensor is slow or anything , you just need to optimize your code such that it does not load data ( whether from internet or local storage ) on orientation change but only recreates the layout . hope i made myself clear .
can you please try the following steps : make sure that admin user have your phone number in your address book . ensure that admin user is using whatsapp messenger . make sure that admin user have the latest version of whatsapp . in admin users android phone book , make sure that all contact accounts ( i.e. . sim , google , phone ) are " visible " or " viewable " . in your android phone book , ensure that all contact groups ( i.e. . friends , family ) are " visible " or " viewable " . you can make your contacts " not visible " and then " visible " to force a refresh . after doing this launch whatsapp > > menu button > refresh . alternatively , you can use all your contacts , not just the " visible " ones . to do this go to menu button > settings > contacts > show all contacts .
ask your group admin to create a new group and add you . this is the only solution . as i did with one of my friends who had the same problem . i am the admin of the group and he is visible to me and them . but when i try to delete him it is not possible . so we created a new group and added him again .
it is fully possible to do that if the charge-from device has usb on-the-go ( otg ) support . you just need a usb otg host cable ( like this one ) , which you connect to the charge-from device , then plug a normal micro-usb cable into that , then into the device to be charged . the only obstacle you may run into is current limitations . a usb otg port almost certainly will not provide as much current as an all-up usb port , much less a charger . best case , this will mean that the charging device will charge slower . middle case , you will not get enough current to charge the device while it is powered on . worst case , the charge-from device will simply say " you are drawing too much current . you are cut off . "
that is normal behaviour for the sim card phone book , not just for android , but on older dumbphones too . i remember my old nokia 3310 took about a minute after booting before the phone book ( and other sim card functions ) became available . the problem was not really noticeable on early android phones because they took so long to boot anyway . while the phones are a lot quicker now , the sim cards are still the same old technology . if you want to get at them more quickly , either leave your phone turned on , or copy them to the device .
you can not terminate wininit . if their installer is trying to do so then it is broken , or trying to install a rootkit by replacing system files in use by wininit . normally you should have an option to ignore the warning and it will simply need a reboot after the install ( though given that it is warning about a system process , i would not trust it as far as i could throw it ) . did you get the installer from sony 's official site ?
did you see the source or file location of wininit.exe and java.exe it occurs to me that these files are virus files and you need to run some antivirus scan . the problem is these viruses use a regular windows process name and will be in another directory to cause confusion . running malwarebytes may help . one more thing if you find wininit.exe or java.exe in other than System32 folder you can delete it . source : youtube video the best thing you can do for updation is trying in another virus free pc or removing the virus in your pc
does this happen at a particular location ? do you have the setting as " automatic date and time " , or " network provided time " ? if you do , i assume the cellular region has incorrectly set time and is providing it wrong . the phone adjusts when you move to a well-maintained region .
to further wbogacz 's response , i would disable the automatic network time and just set it manually . see if that works . it worked for my coworker who was having the same issue . it is not a fix for the underlying issue , but it did eliminate the problem , or so it would seem . it has not happened again in the week since he disabled the network time setting .
if your device is rooted , use titanium backup pro to freeze that app . use your device as usual . if problem arises , defrost that app . if not , go ahead to permanently delete it .
offline data saving is supported on android , you can see this if you go into your browser , select settings , advanced settings , website settings and you can see which websites are using your offline cache , as well as which are using other advanced access like gps . to create an icon for a website on your home screen : once you have created a bookmark in your browser for the page , you can go to your home screen , long-press on a bit of spare space , select shortcuts , bookmark and pick that one . that should give you an icon straight to that page .
from my html5 knowledge , offline content and access , even though implemented by the website , will only work if the browser the client is using supports it . the ios browser seems to support offline applications , but the android one does not yet , based on what you said . so you will jsut have to wait until the browser is updated .
you can use this app : offline browser link : you can download a portion of a web site in your sd card and then read it offline
i think the issue is that you have the wrong apns . you can try going into system settings-> ( more . . ) wireless and networks-> mobile network settings-> access point names and press the settings button . this should show the settings menu for the apns and should have a reset to default option . click that and wait for 2-3 minutes . it should start working again hopefully .
google maps is known for situations like this for years . it does not happen all the time and on all devices simultaneously with all versions of maps , but comes often enough . for me , the decision was to disable/freeze google maps , and use other map apps ( locus map , oruxmaps ) instead . but let 's go into details how an app ( in your case google maps ) can be " put on ice": on a rooted device a rooted device gives you the most alternatives . say you want to use the app from time to time , you could use the following approach : dynamic freeze convert google maps from system-app to user-app . this can be done e.g. with titanium backup  and is of course not necessary if maps did not ship with your device ( but was explicitly installed by yourself , which already makes it a " user-app" ) greenify maps . this way the app is kept from running unless you explicitly start it . you could think of this as a " dynamic freeze " static freeze if you do not need the app anyway , and rather use another replacement , you can freeze it permanently . a freeze marks an app as being " unavailable " , so it can no longer be started . there are multiple apps which can handle this , as e.g. before mentioned titanium backup or app quarantine . using titanium backup would give you an advantage here : tibu let 's you place a shortcut on your homescreen to freeze/unfreeze-start an app , basically emulating the " dynamic freeze " described above . no need to convert the app into an user-app for this . disabling auto-start on certain events many apps register so-called " broadcast receivers " to be notified on system events they are interested in . the best known certainly is boot_completed for apps that want to become active right after the device has booted up  but there are a lot more . examples include the change of network status ( true for our google maps candidate ) , battery-low , or the sdcard being mounted . on a rooted device , you can disable those " listeners " with so-called " autostart managers " . one of the best is autorun manager in its pro-version . if using those , take care to not disable too much , as that might render an app unusable . without root without root , i know of only one way to achieve something comparable : go to settingsapps select the " all " tab scroll to the app in question ( here : google maps ) , and tap its entry if you do not see a " disable " button , but " uninstall updates " instead , it is a system app . tap " uninstall updates " , then " force stop " . tap the " disable " button now the app is de-activated , and should no longer run . i explicitly made " should " in italics , as to my experience often this is only a partial working solution : though the app is removed from the drawer , it seems it is still not completely out-of-reach for certain frameworks . pros and cons disable : only available solution if your device is not rooted . pro : does not require root cons : app not always completely disabled no dynamics requires multiple " taps " requires to always uninstall updates first ( if there are any ) not applyable to all apps ( manufacturer/carrier can " lock " apps against this ) static freeze : pros : works on all apps partly dynamic ( using tibu and its " shortcuts " on your homescreen ) con : requires root dynamic freeze : pros : dynamic app icons remain in the drawer/on your home screens ( so from the user 's perspective , handling remains unchanged ) cons : requires root does not work on system apps ( though there are " experimental features " for this afaik ) .
are you capable of receiving new sms ? do new sms messages pop up ? if you are using the default or stock messaging app , try installing another app like handcent or gosms and see if the same behaviour is repeated . else , try clearing all the messages stored and see . within the default messaging app , there is an option to specify the message centre number - you need to verify that the number entered is what your service provider has assigned . if that does not result in any improvement , see if a factory reset will help . beware that a factory reset will erase all user data .
is your internal storage full ? usually you will not receive any message when your internal memory is getting full , but it could potentially be your problem .
there are a couple of things you could do . boot into recovery mode , and perform a factory reset that way . google something like " recovery mode " and the volume buttons act as the arrow keys and the power/home button as the back/select button . log into your google account on your computer ( if you are not already logged in ) ensuring that it is the same account as the one on your tablet . and go to https://www.google.com/android/devicemanager from there , if your device is supported , you should be able to wipe your device , or even better , change the device 's password so that you can easily unlock it again .
i can not find the factory-reset instructions for a device with this specific name . arnova 's devices are named in confusing ways , so perhaps several names are used for the same device in different markets . but can you find a pinhole somewhere at the botton of your device ? it should be on the left . does it say " reset " ? then insert a paperclip and see what happens . if that does not work , you could try the instructions on arnova 's support page : " if your tablet freezes often or if you get error messages during the start up of your tablet , you can use the recovery mode to reset your tablet to its factory settings , removing all installed applications as well as any data or content . your tablet must be up to date with the latest firmware  downloadable from the downloads area of this website . to access recovery mode on the arnova 10bg3 to access to the recovery mode : hold down the volume button + and press the on/off button . once the boot logo arnova is displayed , release the volume button + . the android green robot is displayed . once the android green robot is displayed , press simultaneously the volume button + and the on/off button . the android system recovery screen is displayed . a . use the volume buttons to navigate b . use the on/off button to select an option to restore the default parameters of your tablet : in the android system recovery , select wipe data/factory reset ; select yes delete all user data . select reboot system now . your tablet reboots . redefine your parameters through the wizard . your tablet is restored to its default settings . to access recovery mode on the arnova 9g3 to access to the recovery mode : hold down the home button and press the on/off button . once the arnova boot logo is displayed , release the home button . the android green robot is displayed . once the android green robot is displayed , press simultaneously the volume button + and the on/off button . the android system recovery screen is displayed . a . use the volume buttons to navigate b . use the on/off button to select an option to restore the default parameters of your tablet : in the android system recovery , select wipe data/factory reset ; select yes delete all user data . select reboot system now . your tablet reboots . redefine your parameters through the wizard . your tablet is restored to its default settings . to access recovery mode on the arnova 8cg3/8bg3 to access to the recovery mode : hold down the volume button  and press the on/off button . once the boot logo arnova is displayed , release the volume button  . the android green robot is displayed . once the android green robot is displayed , press simultaneously the volume button + and the on/off button . the android system recovery screen is displayed . a . use the volume buttons to navigate b . use the on/off button to select an option "
dsp manager ( root only ) is an app that is incorporated into a number of custom roms . i have it in my cyanogenmod but i know it is available in others or as a stand alone ( that you have to flash over your current rom ) depending on your device . search xda for " dsp manager " in relation to your specific device as there are numerous device specific threads and downloads .
not without a custom kernel , afaik . equalisation across the board is controlled by the kernel and i do not believe the settings are accessible to apps . so an app needs its own equaliser to apply to the sound before it is played . if you are using a galaxy s , one such custom kernel is called voodoo sound . edit : the paid version of voodoo sound now only requires root , rather than a custom kernel .
not without a different rom but you may be able to add one to the notification area . try this , i do not know how well ( if at all ) it works on the s5 but it is worth a shot .
i have stumbled upon an x server for android project ( now available as an apk to intall from f-droid , too ) : this project implements an x11 server for use with android devices , written in java . the x11 server runs within an android view subclass , allowing it to be embedded in other applications . but perhaps it is a bit tricky to connect to it through x forwarding via ssh . . . you must figure it out .
apparently x11 can be run on the g1 via some sort of debian image and shell app ; see this xda thread for example . i can not find any other ports of it . i use connectbot for " regular " ssh , i find it to be quite good . even edited and compiled code with it !
sms popup will create a modal dialog box on your screen when you receive a text message . you can make it turn the screen on too if the phone 's screen is off . handcent ( full sms replacement app ) also has a similar feature built into it .
if you click on the text message icon and go to your text message inbox , hit the settings button on youur phone and go to " settings . " scroll down and you can select the box enabling the phone to provide a preview of the message text .
first of all , do a nandroid backup from recovery to have a backup of your current phone . since you are upgrading not only from a cyanogenmod release but also an android release , it is recomended to do a full wipe ( /cache , /system and /data ) to avoid boot loops and general problems with the upgrade . if you want to backup all your data , despite doing the nandroid , you can use titanium backup , as it will let you backup your apps , data and also some system information ( accounts , call log , sms , wifi settings , . . . ) . just take some care as some system information might not work if you restore it directly when upgrading from ics to jb . user applications and its data files should be safe to restore .
here 's some advice for moving between any two android roms that will serve you well : first , do a full nandroid backup if you are not feeling completely confident . you can do this in cwm recovery , or via adb ( android debug bridge ) . this will create an " image " of your entire device . now that you are safe from screwing anything up beyond repair , go ahead and use titaniumbackup to backup all your system settings and your user apps ( i usually do not backup system apps as this might cause problems ) . backups will be saved on your /sdcard/ and will not disappear when you wipe . ( before this step , make sure you have the rom zip files on your sdcard , otherwise you will have to add them via adb ) go into cwm recovery and wipe your device ( cache and data ) . remember , /sdcard/ is still fine . now install your shiny new rom . when you have booted your new rom , install titaniumbackup first of all . it will recognize that there is already titaniumbackup files on the sdcard ( from before ) , and you will be able to batch install your apps and restore system settings . some advice on restoring backups : be conservative . start by restoring apps without user data , as old data may break the app . if somethings missing and it annoys you , restore that app only with data . same goes for restoring system settings , deselect everything and just restore what you really want ( usually just wifi hotspots for me ) .
upgrading from cm9 to cm10.1 usually requires a fresh install . i had to do it this way too . it is not recommended to use titanium backup because of possible issues . read the warning at the bottom . here are the steps recommended by donandroid . download the cyanogenmod 10.1 rom for your device . copy the downloaded zip file on root of your sd card . boot your device into custom recovery mode . perform a nandroid backup from recovery . now wipe the data by selecting wipe data/factory reset . also wipe the cache partition from wipe cache partition option . select install zip from sdcard > choose zip from sdcard . select the cyanogenmod 10.1 zip file to kick off the installation . after installation is complete , select reboot system now . your phone will now reboot to update cm9 to cm10.1 . warning
you have two choices here : edit the stock kernel ( or the kernel you are using ) to enable init . d support or edit the init . rc use a custom kernel with init . d support already enabled . i would suggest the second option as is far more easier to achieve . once flashed a kernel with init . d support , you can add all the scripts you want to the folder that will be executed at boot time . the folder is located in /etc/init.d and all scripts inside that folder will be executed in order . for example , if you have : /etc/init . d/10-startup-daemon /etc/init . d/50-mount-extra-partition they will be executed in the same order i have typed them . you can change the order by changing the number at the begining of the file .
i have found something for you , although it may not treat your ipod the right way . the only way to find out is for you to give it a shot . luckily the developer of this app offers a version that is a five day free trial . super bt mono if you are running stock android 2.2 try this . if you are running cyanogenmod try this . i would follow the dev 's instructions on how to get this up and running , and just treat your ipod like the bt headset with which this app is meant to interface . it does not say so on the app page in the market , but on some forum thread ( of which i have unfortunately lost track , dammit ) someone mentioned that it will send notification tones and ringtones to the bt device .
why do not you just listen to music on the android device ? i have a sneaking suspicion that , given how apple tends to be very restrictive about what gets into the app store , and even more restrictive about what apps can do , this probably would not work simply . on the android side of things , it is a breeze to write an app ( or maybe there is something out there already that can do it ? ) that would connect to the ipod over bluetooth and send some notification to pause , when a call comes in . the problem as i see it is that , unlike on android , there is no real way ( without jailbreaking the ipod ) to just write an app for the ipod that listens over bluetooth and pauses when it gets the notification . . .
i tried to open my gallery , but could not see any pictures on it . anyway , i use the quickpic app to manage my photos . it is able to show the different folders that have pictures in it . check it out .
i used pics organizer to organize my pictures into different folders for my gallery . download it here works well with other gallery apps .
my work-around is connect my phone via usb mode , where it comes up as a folder ( or volume for you mac fans ) that you can see contents in . create folders you had like to have in your gallery , like " favorite piks " or " stuff i found in my pockets " - whatever . put these in that folder . now use your computer to organize the images between folders within that main volume , save on your home computer , delete , so forth . when you detach from the usb link , your gallery on the phone should show those new folders you created and the images you transferred over . please note that any new images , photos you download or take with the phone will likely be placed in one of any generic folders like " downloads " or " pictures " . t0mm13b 's edit pre-requisites : adb is installed . comfortable with command line . by going onto the command line , and issue this command : adb shell am start -n com.android.development/.MediaScannerActivity the above command line will force android to re-read the sdcard and quickly re-index all the just transferred pictures into the gallery .
in my opinion , the word scanning in this context is a misnomer . basically the camera and the flash are the key hardware components involved in this operation . the camera does not go into burst mode and instead takes only one good shot . the rest are the magic of software algorithms that straighten , finds boundaries and brightens and de speck the image . the app camscanner supports creating documents either from image or capturing with camera . higher camera resolution , the ability to autofocus and presence of flash ( in absence of ambient light ) are the features that are to be looked for . for shooting an a4 size with text printed with font size of 12 , a 5 mega pixel resolution is needed and with 3.2 mega pixels , i am able to capture a5 sized papers with very decent quality - observed from my experience .
is it possible to track what personal information an app is unloading ? in general , the answer is no . sniffing the precise data the the software is uploading - either through installing some specific software on a rooted device , or by sniffing the traffic elsewhere between the device and the internet ( e . g . on your wireless router ) - is a very good idea and will help you understand what the application is doing , but unfortunately the actual information might be mangled in some form or even encrypted , in a way which will prevent you from really knowing what the application is sending . actually , it is a known security problem - for instance take a look at this academic paper , which proposes a way to track how your personal data is used during the application execution ; though its proposed approach does have some limitations and can be circumvented by other tricks . my personal rule of thumb is to avoid applications which require both internet access and access to private data , unless i have a high level of trust in the author .
sniffing the network traffic would require root for the app that does the sniffing part . this can easily be done with " shark for root " . but you will not get any end-user friendly information , just the raw packet data that is been send and received from your phone . that information needs to be matched to a particular app and action ( e . g . app xy is uploading photo file x123.jpg ) . generally you do not want an app to be able to read and log another apps network traffic for security and privacy reasons . that is why you need root for that . even if you could read and log the packets from other apps , it is easy to disguise the malicious data as something normal . it is not so easy to reveal that . side note : if you do not trust an app which has network access , do not install it . if you really need the app and you know that it works also without internet although the app requests permission to use it , some custom mods will allow you to block internet access without the app knowing .
you can run tcpdump on the background ( compiled for android processor of course ) in a shell , save the captured file and analyze later with wireshark on your pc . that solution will not tell you what application sent the data , but enables you to examine what your phone sends and where . the great benefit is tcpdump under normal situations does not consume many resources , so you will not experience any lag on your phone .
a " baseband " would generally refer to modem firmware . it seems like the first step is to modify the modem firmware so cm7 can use it . does this flashtool have a linux binary ? ( this tool seems to be unique to se phones , i did not have to use flashtool to modify htc phones , only fastboot . ) found flashtool . xda link | source code repository
you have to re-add the mobile network . the mobile network site should have the info you need . go into access points in your mobile system menu .
unix domain sockets are meant to be used for interprocess communication on one host , not for inter host communication . sockets that are located on the filesystem like you describe are not unix sockets , but named pipes , and are also limited for use on the same host . for inter-host communication , you need to use network sockets of some kind .
the issue is better explained here , it seems to happen when your device is almost full . if you are rooted then you can check the lagfix app , it did make a difference on my nexus .
it looks like some of your app is eating your cpu : one ( extrem ) solution would be to do a complete factory reset , and then reinstall the app you need . you could check your cpu usage ( there are many apps for that : android system info , cpu usage . . . ) , who , how long . . . and find who is too greedy
to troubleshoot , reboot to safe mode by long pressing the power off on the power-off menu . screenshot from my n4:
if your available space gets too low , the nexus 7 will become laggy . go to settings-> storage and check the number next to available . if it is under 3gb , try moving some data off the device ( movies , music , etc . ) via usb to get the available space to 3gb or more . if this corrects the performance problem , then you can restore data a bit at a time to fine tune the threshold where performance drops off . i do not know of a hard and fast rule for how much free space should be available . fwiw : my nexus 7 became very laggy ( long pauses for the keyboard to pop up after entering a text field , switching tabs in chrome was very slow ) and i tried uninstalling apps , disabling apps that ran as services to no avail . i checked my free space and it was 750mb . i deleted a movie i had copied to the device and freed up an additional 2gb . as soon as i did that , the lag vanished .
i have noticed the same issue on my nexus 7 running stock jelly bean 4.2 . i also noticed reboots . do you happen to have hd widgets installed ? that seemed to be the cause of many of my slow downs , but unfortunately not all . apps that use location services seem to be the issue with my slowdowns . are you noticing the same thing ? this article goes into some of the issues seen on 4.2 that i experienced .
i would say that automatic updating is not syncing , and not a bug . you can turn off auto-update in the settings for the market . if you do not want to use data while roaming , shut it off while roaming or turn off data roaming . if you occasionally want to browse or something without running the risk of having anything else use data , use something like droidwall ( requires root ) . you could configure it to only allow the browser , for example .
the sync feature is for the accounts which are connected to your phone and not the market . if you want to disable the auto-updating of new versions of the apps follow the following steps : open market . click menu and select my apps . select the app which updates itself . after the description of the app there checkbox , disable it . if you want to disable account synchronizing follow these steps : open settings > accounts and sync and uncheck the ' background data ' and ' auto sync options ' . alternatively you can just disable the packet data by going to settings > wireless and networks > mobile network settings , and uncheck ' use packet data ' option . hope this helps
the android market 's automatic update of apps feature is not connected to google sync as nothing is actually being ' synced ' but only updated . best thing to do is to turn off data or get an app that creates a firewall that blocks this ( this will probably require root access by the way )
i had a problem where my samsung s3 mini ( jelly bean 4.1.2 ) worked 100% on my wi-fi router but failed to connect to the internet with my wi-fi repeater - stuck on " obtaining ip address . . . " message . i have now set a static ip and it works 100% on both the router and the repeater . if you need multiple static ip options then check out " wi-fi static " application . i found the answer courtesy of motorola , and repeat it below , at https://motorola-global-portal.custhelp.com/app/answers/prod_answer_detail/a_id/68989/p/7901,8013 , to setup a static ip address on your motorola xoom , follow the steps below :
you can set ip with ifconfig and gateway with route when you are rooted . i used it to change the tcp buffer .
save the following in one of the init scripts in the rom ifconfig eth0 192.168.1.100 netmask 255.255.255.0 route add default gw 192.168.1.1 dev eth0 setprop net.dns1 192.168.1.1 ip addr show ip route show  where eth0 in this case , is an ethernet adapter attached via usb .
yes . you need one to sign in , even for free apps . paid apps are paid for via google checkout .
yes , it is mandatory to use google account to use google 's android market ; however it is not mandatory to use google 's android market to install android applications . there are many third party app markets and you can sideload an . apk file you have downloaded to the device ( except on some devices from brain-damaged carriers where this option is disabled ) . some alternative markets do not require registration .
this solution worked : $ cd 1.0-GRI40-nexusone-superboot $ ./fastboot-linux flash:raw boot boot.superboot.img  i have found the necessary info on http://www.gotontheinter.net/content/fastboot-cheat-sheet
this might actually not be a problem caused by the operating system but rather by how much voltage the device can output into the headphones . so , your macbook is more likely to have a more powerful audio output than your s4 . the key word here is impedance . i assume the headphones you mentioned have a impedance too high for mobile devices , such as the s4 .
the camera on the samsung galaxy s 3 does have a timer . click the gear to bring up the settings menu . timer is nearly halfway down , between focus mode and resolution .
there is camera jb + available from the google play store features :  camera : 3 modes : camera , video recorder and panorama silent mode ( no shutter sound , might not work on some devices ) pinch to zoom configurable volume keys wide screen pictures picture quality setting ( low/medium/high/ultra ) configurable storage source ( internal/sd card ) timer burst mode guidelines video/audio quality configurable  gallery : ultra fast photos and videos viewer configurable thumbnail size grid view/filmstrip view hide unwanted folders slideshow mode trim videos  photo editor : high quality photo editing new filters and borders
i just did this on my nexus 4 w/4.4.2 and the above answer is partially right . open your contacts and tap on the picture to open up the contact . now tap the silhouette of the person next to the star . now you can tap the 3 dots in the upper right corner and that opens up the editor . finish the edit and tap done in the upper left .
in kitkat 4.4.2 , to view contact details just click the image of a certain person on your contact app ( not the dialer ) but if you want to edit click on the name . : )
the trick is to click the image , not the remainder of the item , to be able to edit it .
click on the dial ( phone icon ) . find the person you intend to text . select the 3 dot icon on the far right ( at the bottom ) . select " all contacts " . boom ! just scroll to the contact and select . i hope this gets ironed out as well .
for moto g and ( possibly many other android devices ) you can do this directly from the phone app : tap the person icon followed by the three dots in the top right ( see circled icons below ) screenshots ( click images for larger variants )
do not use the phone/dialer app to edit contacts : use the main people app ( it is called contacts on some non-nexus phones ) . from that app , when you click the contact you want , it displays that contact , and you can click the pencil icon on the action bar ( at the top ) to edit the contact . ( the icon might look different on your phone , because most manufacturers replace the people app with their own variant . )
a couple of methods come to mind : you could take a picture of your phone with another camera . you could do a screen capture of you phone screen using built in functionality of the android operating system . the method of doing a screen capture is different depending on which version of operating system you have . on my phone , i press and hold the power + home buttons at the same time and a screenshot is capture and saved to my sd card . some older version of the android operating system did not have the screen capture functionality built in so depending on your version of the operating system , it may or may not be an option for you . i have written a few android apps before . i just checked the android api 's and it looks like i could write an app to retrieve the wallpaper image from your system memory and save it to a sd card if you have an sd card in your phone . the app would just read the image and would not change it . also , do you have an sd card that is working now ? i understand how frustrating it is to lose an important image and would like to help you get it back if i can .
you can view android 's supported media formats here : http://developer.android.com/guide/appendix/media-formats.html i would recommend h . 264 video and aacv2 audio , for the best quality . the dimensions depend on the dimensions of your phone -- in your case , 320x240 . it is not the most powerful phone so you may want to experiment with the quality to get it playable but also looking good .
go to settings > search > searchable items then tick mark all the things you want to be able to search for from the search box . applications like evernote , dropbox , catch , meridian , colordict and many others which are compatible and you have installed should be listed . you can pick and choose whichever options suit you .
the " google search widget " , which is different then the " search widget " will search contacts , apps , web and i think other things if the app " plugs in " to the search framework . i am not sure if it does calendar events though . but according to the screenshot in the market , it will .
that is not possible on stock roms . and it is not possible on other roms either when you want google apps . as long as google apps are installed ( and a network connection is available ) , they will update automatically .
you should be able to download the latest supersu from chainfire and push it to your sd card and reboot into recovery mode -> install zip from sd -> select supersu . zip and it should install the su binaries . you should be good from there .
does the in built-in backup service work ? yes . but maybe not how you expect/want . as you mentioned apps need to ' opt in ' to backup data and most apps do not actually use this . i am only aware of a couple that do . as far as i know , the backed up data is only actually restore to a device when the device is initially set up , not when you install an app from the play store that you have previously used ( i could be wrong on this though ) . google recently launched a way for games to sync progress between devices which more apps seem to be using and are publicising this more . helium and adb backup work differently in that they backup the data stored on the device and do not require opt in . helium uses the adb backup method so essentially they work the same way ( although it does not require a pc to perform the backup ) . titanium backup backs up the apk and the appropriate ' data ' folder ( not the folder on your sd card by default ) and again this does not require any opt in from the app developer . personally i use titanium backup as it was the only option when i first rooted my first phone . i have not used helium so can not say if it is better/worse . when i have used adb backup ( not via helium ) it took a long time to backup/restore but it does work quite well .
some other people have had a similar problem : http://androidforums.com/samsung-galaxy-s3/615395-wifi-keeps-auto-connecting.html it is possible that your phone connected to it because it is an open network , which means that no password is required to connect . you can disable this feature by going to : settings --> wireless and network settings --> wifi settings there should be a checkbox for automatically joining an open wifi network , just uncheck it . if your device does not have a checkbox for this , then your device does not have that function and it is not the source of your problem . it is also possible that you joined the network on accident . most phones have a setting that sends a notification when an open network is available . if you click on the notification it will connect to the network . if you want your device to forget a network , then just go to wifi settings , then click on the remembered network and select forget .
i called vzw , and they actually told me it was a bad google update pushed to my phone prematurely , and that " google would be fixing it in a couple weeks . " amazing that verizon will not even take responsibilities for their ota updates , but blame it on google .
i hate to say it but if you have tried all those other things i would say the next thing to try would be a factory reset . . .
i had this issue quite a bit after i first loaded gb with an ota update . i did a factory reset a few weeks ago and did not have it happen again until today . i also contacted vzw and the first thing they wanted to blame it one was an app that i must've loaded that was behaving badly . it is all over moto 's support forum and all over vzws . hopefully they will have an incremental update that will fix the issue .
this was a semi-known issue on 4.5.585 gingerbread ( verizon 's first official gingerbread update ) . rebooting the phone when it happens was the only remedy . the problem ( i too was affected ) appears to be fixed in the latest verizon update . ( 4.5.602 )
depending on what network you are on the official ota update may be your easiest answer . when i updated my razr m from ics to jb 4.1 on verizon with the offical jb ota update , none of my data was lost , did not have to reload any apps , or reset options . also when you clear your user data your phone may automatically re-download apps that you previously had . in my case when i cleared my user data to root my phone , it re-downloaded all the apps i had before the clear but unfortunately the options for the apps were reset . you may want to try clearing only your cash first ( will not erase contacts or apps ) and try installing again .
a slide in a particular direction . or may be a slide in multiple directions ( say one slide to the right from the top left to top right , continued down from right top to right bottom ) . i do not know how effective it might be , but i guess worth a try .
could it be that the sim contacts are corroded or bent slightly , so that the phone thinks it lost connection and then regained it ? if this is the case , try cleaning the contacts with alcohol .
so i found a solution that works for indian vodafone 3g users at least . simply create a new access point with the same settings as the one provided ( called vodafone connect ) , set it as default , and reboot . i have not seen the popup appear again after that .
if you delete a file from your mobile device , the file remains on your online storage . to have the file permanently deleted , you need to delete it from your online dropbox account , accessing it via their website . i have just run this exercise ( to prove the theory ) : take photos ; sync dropbox ; delete photos from my device ; access laptop ; photos were downloaded ; access dropbox website and login to your personal account ; delete photos ; photos were automatically removed from laptop and a notification was presented asking if i wanted to undo the operation .
dropbox does not work the same way on android as it does on dektop platforms : it does not monitor a directory for changes . in fact , you only can download selected files , which will be saved on a cache directory on your android device . the dropbox app would not instantly notice if you delete the file . only if you try do retrieve the file again from the cloud , the dropbox app would search for the file in the local cache directroy first . if it is not here , it will just download the file again . but you can delete a file from the cloud storage by selecting the delete option in the dropbox app . same thing goes for upload : you have to select a file in order to upload it into the cloud .
as said before , dropbox for android works differently than the desktop program . it is just an interface to access your online account , with some special features like caching . for example , you can " favorite " a file for offline access and edit some files directly from the app . but if you want an app that works exactly like the desktop program , you can try dropsync .
the screenshot one is using a different radio band - one that is more popular than the camera one . this means that is is more congested , and therefore has slower speeds . this is the most likely explanation .
while this might not be the complete answer to your issue , it appears that the galaxy nexus is connected to an hsdpa:9 radio ( 10.1mb/s theoretical speed ) while the milestone is connected to an hspa radio ( 14mb/s theoretical speed , not hspa+ which can have a theoretical speed of between 21 and 42 depending on the network ) . while the theoretical capacities of the networks are similar , it does seem that they are using different radio tower connections , which could explain the difference in bandwidth that is being experienced .
when wifi is activated , all data is pulled down via the wifi . it is a mutually exclusive/flip-flop mechanism . that is to say , if wifi is off , 3g is used . and yes , regardless of whether one or the other is activated , battery is being used likewise : ) no discernible difference in terms of battery consumption .
okay , i did a brief test the other day . . . only drove about 80 miles , . . . obviously longer drives would give better averaging samples . but from my short drive , it seems that maps navigation uses roughly 1 mb for every 10 miles .
terminal emulator absolutely supports scripts* . do not believe the nay-sayers . you will need to learn bash shell scripting , if you are not already familiar with it . write a script and save it on your sd card . run it with " sh filename " from term . if you clarify what it is you want to " script " having to do with ssh , i can likely give you a better recommendation . * ( it is actually the android os that supports bash scripts , terminal emulator just grants you access to the android shell , therefore scripting is inherently possible )
if the simple ssh client is interesting to you , i made under android-ndk bionic library drobpear-ssh-client-only . ftp://ftp . simtreas . ru/pub/my/dropbear/dropbear-ssh-only . tgz sourse and ftp://ftp . simtreas . ru/pub/my/dropbear/ssh binary
use an ssh plugin for tasker ? do not need root or ssh binary then .
to call ssh from a script , all you need to do is set up ssh keys . there are a million how-tos on the web , but there is a page on the cyanogen wiki that might be more suited to android users . once you set up keys , your general ssh command would look something like this : ssh -i /path/to/key user@ip you can put that in a script , run it , and you will be logged in to the remote machine . but here 's what i think you are wanting to do . to only execute a command on a remote computer , just add it in single quotes : ssh -i /path/to/key user@ip ' command ' that executes the command on the remote machine without logging you in . you can run commands with options , pipes , redirects etc , but it is sometimes better to keep them simple . except for the delay , it looks the same as executing the command ( s ) locally and can be used the same . locale execute can be picky about what commands it will run . if it does not work , try putting it in a script and using locale execute to run the script . also , i have had problems with the ssh binary that is on the phone and found that moving it from /system/xbin and creating a link at /system/xbin/ssh to the better terminal emulator ssh binary is more reliable . the btep binary is in /data/data/com . magicandroidapps . bettertermpro/bin/ssh
since my original question was about an ssh binary , and there is an answer for that , i will accept that answer . however , there is another way to do what i wanted to do , kinda , that might be interesting to someone some day . tasker + connectbot can be used to execute arbitrary remote ( or local , i guess , but locale execute is better for that ) commands on a schedule . step 1: set up your connection in connectbot . you can have duplicate connections in connectbot as long as they have different aliases . you have to rename one first ( away from user@host ) in order to create the second . long press and select " edit host " to perform these changes . you probably want to set up an ssh key without a password so that you can use this for automation . once the connection actually works , you can use " post-login automation " to add the remote commands you would like to run . make sure there is a blank line at the end so that enter is sent after your last command . use enter or ; to separate commands . i suggest using something like " echo hello " as a test until you are sure things are working , and " exit " at the end if you do not want to leave the connection open . test this in isolation . step 2: create a tasker task to call connectbot . create a new task in tasker . add an action . from misc , select " action intent " the fields are : action : android . intent . action . view cat : default data : ssh url , in the form of " ssh://user@host/#alias " ( without the quotes ) . the alias , user and host here must match the alias you set up in step 1 . target : activity click test . connectbot should open and your commands should execute on the remote host . step 3: use this task in tasker however you would normally .
i know it is an old thread but wanted to +1 the comment about btep i am also using btep 's ssh binary though i just call it from it is path instead of linking it /data/data/com . magicandroidapps . bettertermpro/bin/ssh root@192.168.1.1 or generate a pair of keys and use public key authentication /data/data/com . magicandroidapps . bettertermpro/bin/ssh -i /data/data/com . magicandroidapps . bettertermpro/home/ . ssh/id_rsa -l root 192.168.1.1 i use the above command from sl4a r4 in various scripts and it works fine : ) before i could do this i needed to chmod a+x /data/data/com . magicandroidapps . bettertermpro/home/ . ssh once this is done and you backup/restore btep with titaniumbackup the permissions are kept this means if you flash a new rom you can just restore the apps and all your scripts will work again
botbrew is a package manager for android , in the likes of okpg for bsd or more recently , like APT for debian . pretty nice . it does not have an ssh client as a package , but it does not look too hard to put in if you are used to building your own packages . and it could be useful as a toolchain for when you want to build other c/c++/etc binaries and libraries . so albeit this is not a direct answer , it may be useful for some people to know about .
install terminal emulator and quickssh . quickssh also includes dropbear . does not cost you money , which it should not because this is surpassingly simple and it is based on dropbear . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=berserker.android.apps.sshdroid find -name ssh user@host problem solved
andftp can connect over any port you configure so i am sure it could connect over ssh . but i am not sure how easy it is to script usage of it . i use the app myself all the time for my hosting server and it works great . not sure if you can ssh with terminal emulator , but you could try it too . i use that app frequently for doing things i am too lazy to do with adb .
you can install the terminal emulator from google . alternatively there is the better terminal emulator pro . i tried the terminal emulator on a non-rooted phone and it seemed to work fine . better terminal emulator pro includes the dropbear ssh client , which can be launched from the command line or via a launcher . more info from the authors .
i have dropbear starting on system boot . it is light and cheerful and happy . http://kennystechtalk.blogspot.com/2013/06/dropbear-ssh-server-on-android.html
i have successfully used botbrew basil experimental when running android 4.4 . botbrew basil experimental is based on apt-get so after installing apk and bootstraping i just did apt-get install dropbear in a root shell to install ssh client ( and server ) .
i just googled for " share my location android " , and the first hit looks pertinent : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.sylvek.sharemyposition
glympse is really good for this . basically , you set up a time-limited " glympse " of your location . you can then share that " glympse " via a number of channels , including sms . the recipient need not be a glympse user and can follow your progress on the glympse website . access is automatically revoked at the end of the time limit , thwarting your would-be stalkers . the usual caveats of it is only as accurate as the gps location reported by your device .
google maps can do this . long-press the map at your location ; a popup should appear with the address ; you can tap that and it'll give you the option to " share " that location . from that you can send a text , email , etc .
the " hangouts " app on my ( stock android 4.4.2 ) phone does this , but in a fairly non-intuitive way : open hangouts either tap the + in the upper-right , or tap an existing hangout at the bottom , there is a text area that says " send hangouts message " . just to the right is a paper-clip icon ; tap that . that will reveal a menu with three choices ; the last choice is " location " . tap that . you will see a map labeled " share location " . ( i assume you can scroll the map around to adjust the location , but i have not tried that . ) to the right of the label is a little paper-airplane icon . tap that . you should see a ( rather large ) thumbnail of the map , superimposed over the hangouts text area ; the text area will have in it ( in faint type ) " location ready to send " . tap the paper-airplane icon .
i just found this free app , my kindle wallpaper which does this simply and easily , no root required . d/l and install it , and point it at a photo or a folder full ( on the kf , not on the net ) , and get your favorite background photo or cycle through several ( one per wake-up , the way the stock software does ) . works perfectly on my original kf with kf v6.3.1 .
it appears that kindle fire is designed to restore its wallpaper on every wake , and that to prevent it , you have to have rooted the kf , and use a file manager to remove the system 's write permission from the new wallpaper file . see this article on xda-developers forum .
cyanogenmod developers coined the term " kang " originally . it goes back to the beginnings of android development . it used to mean having one 's development work taken , manipulated , rebranded , and re-released by someone else with no credit to the original developer . later this term morphed into having a less malicious meaning , and stands for the process of creating a code based of someone else 's code or reapplying code that someone else created into your own code . a " kang " therefore is a derivative work , based on the original with some modifications . it usually means an unauthorized version of a custom rom .
this helper app makes facebook , twitter , instagram , github , and goodreads links open in their apps instead of the browser : open link in app it does not yet support pinterest , but if you are technical , it is easy to add new apps , and does not require writing code ! details in the github repo .
in the general usage , you can not do it . the reason behind the links opening in a browser is that they use the same protocols of normal web links . so if the particular app is not a browser , the links have to be opened with a browser app . but you may have seen some links ( particularly links to android apps on the market ) can be opened with the google play market app . this is possible because those links uses market:// in their links rather than typical http:// if you need to confirm it try clearing the defaults of your chrome browser . it will make you choose an app to open a link when you click them . this will give you a open link with option ( of course to use the browser apps ) to do this , go to Settings -&gt; Apps and select chrome app . scroll to the bottom and find a clear defaults button abd click it .
apps can request that links be opened using the app , using an api called an " intent filter " . if the app has the correct intent filter , you will be prompted to open the link using that app , and the app will then do something with it . this has to be coded in by the app developer , and there is no way to implement it yourself unless you decompile the app and add it in . an example of an app that does this is the google+ app .
do not restore the full backup taken , but restore only part of it . and do it " piece by piece " , so if the error re-occurs you at least know where it comes from and can skip the faulty part . edit : as i was not fully clear about where i pointed to : titanium backup is capable of restoring parts from nandroid as well as adb backups .
you need to download the latest version of google play services : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.gms picture of google settings : read this article for more information : http://www.androidpolice.com/2013/02/26/silently-installing-itself-on-a-device-near-you-the-green-google-settings-icon-its-just-google-play-services-3-0/
i believe every app has an odex db because this keeps the app files for running the app , the widget or apk cant work without it . its normally located in the secure file system under apps , each app with have its icon and the odex file with the same name . odex next to it .
when your rom is booted up for the first time , android 's dalvik goes through every apk and extracts the dex file from it . it places the dex files in the cache folder - located at /data/dalvik-cache . this is the directory that gets cleared when you clear the dalvik cache in your recovery tool
what package were you using in odin to flash your phone ? i do not think flashing a new os in odin will help much with rooting . download towelroot on your phone , and root that way : towelroot . com download and install the apk . click the lamda , and then install supersu from the play store .
i think you mean the auto-sync . go to " settings -> accounts and sync " . you will find which apps are using the sync function under manage accounts . only the apps in the list will be influenced .
service myscript /system/bin/logwrapper /system/bin/myscript.sh disabled oneshot  if you declare the service as disabled , it wont run unless you later explicitly start it . but do you really want to repartition the card every time you boot the system ? i would think you would want to partition it once , and then perhaps mount the partitions in the init script .
you could give the following app a try , it sounds like it does what you are looking for : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.greatbytes.pop3refresh
the samsung galaxy s series phones have a 6-axis accelerometer , which is not a true gyroscope although a good approximation . hopefully it is actually a true gyroscope in the nexus s . motorola 's next big phone is rumored to have a gyroscope , but who knows . i do not believe any other android phones have a gyroscope , but the iphone 4 does .
most android phones from the original g1 upwards have an accelerometer ( often called the g-sensor in htc phones ) and compass inbuilt which performs the same job . there is very little you had get from a true gyroscope that these do not offer you .
after a little search i have found the following android devices with built in gyroscope : htc sensation samsung google nexus s samsung galaxy s2 samsung galaxy r lg electronics p990 optimus speed can not say anything about whether they have a true gyroscope or not
extremely doubtful , to the point where i am confident saying no , it would not work . it would require either the os dev team having included linux drivers that would work with the usb device , or the usb device manufacturer having released android-compatible drivers that you could install on your tablet yourself .
i believe that product is an dac . as long as your device has otg/usb host support , it'll work .
just for completeness , have you tried the messagease keyboard ? i do not know anything about its greek features , but based on its english features , it is fairly likely to allow you to type what you want the first time .
shortly after asking the question , i went about exploring the 2nd option i had thought of , namely using an intermediate 3rd party app to copy typed text to , replace accents , copy it again , and paste it back into the text field of the initial app . i looked into tasker and after a couple of hours managed to get a crude but effective solution using its quick dialog creator ( scenes ) with an input field and a single button . i paste the accented text into the input field , click the button , and it removes all accents , copies to clipboard , and destroys the scene . for ease of use i am launching that one from a task cut shortcut that can be added to any home screen or even better , from a swipepad portal . thus the crude and intermediate solution is the following : type autocompleted capitalized greek words in sms or other app , select all , copy without switching apps , swipe to the task cut shortcut that opens the created scene paste into the text field and click on the button , which removes accents from uppercase vowels , copies back into clipboard , and destroys the scene back in the initial app , select all , paste overwriting with the unaccented text it is unfortunately not free as it requires the paid app tasker . hopefully the keyboard or atleast sms apps will allow for this functionality , or even better someone will write the equivalent in a native android app . i am including below the tasker xml that you can use to import this into tasker , should you find it useful . below it i am including another version that , on button click , fetches from clipboard without needing the user to paste the text . that one , however , requires root . the below saves 1 step ( pasting into the scene ) but requires root :
the dolphin browser has an option to turn off images . i believe most versions of the stock browser have this capability as well . the 4.0.4 version can disable images via Settings -&gt;Bandwidth management -&gt; Load images , and i am pretty sure that the gingerbread browser had this capability as well .
at firefox android add-ons , there is a recent add-on that is just what you want : mobile image blocker v1.0 speed up browsing on mobile connections and use less data by blocking all images . working on images defined in html , css and javascript .
opera mini / opera mobile are two recommended options for saving money on data charges : opera 's mobile browsers are the smart choice for browsing on expensive wireless data plans . using opera mini or opera mobile to browse the web with your mobile phone can save you money on your phone bills , by reducing your data usage substantially . opera mini uses only a tenth of the bandwidth of other browsers , compressing webpages by up to 90% . with opera mobile , turning on opera turbo compresses data by up to 80% , or leave opera turbo off to get full website data , as you would on a pc . additionaly , of course , they allow to turn off images via settings . you can download them from http://www.opera.com/mobile/download/ http://m.opera.com
there are such solutions , if your device is rooted . in that case , some anti-theft apps such as cerberus are able to integrate into the system part ( rom ) of the device , so a factory-reset would not help the thief . however : as we are talking about the " clever thief " , he will first grab the device , switch it off , take it into some faraday cage before switching it on again , then boot into recovery/download mode , and flash a new rom . bummer . protection gone . so there is no 100% protection . technically , it might be possible if it is integrated into the hardware itself  but i have never heard that such a thing was done for a consumer smartphone .
abruptly forcing your phone to shut-down ( holding power button until forced shut-down , pulling battery , etc . ) can cause a corrupt sd card on any device if it is currently reading/writing to the sd card . it is known that some samsung devices try to read the sd card during some random times such as when the phone is starting up . also running applications that are saved to the sd card and forcing a shutdown is asking for trouble . i would always recommend shutting the phone down properly whenever possible to minimize these issues .
stock download app is unable to detect changes to download folder . it will keep only a list that it is given for download .
if you are still searching the best solution would be bluestacks . its vey fluent and does not lag .
genymotion is an accelerated emulator , which may let you get a better feel for the ui and graphics applications . i believe it paravirtualizes graphics ( opengl ) calls , using the host 's graphics processor to accelerate the emulator .
have you given the amazon appstore 's test drive feature a try ? super simple , runs in most browsers - simply find an app in the store for which amazon has test drive available then click the big green test drive button ( a list of test drive apps is here ) . once you have a test drive session open click the home button on the bottom of the emulator to access the homescreen then voila , android ! fwiw i personally do not think the sdk emulator is a bad choice even though it is developer-focused . quick and easy instructions are at how to geek if you are interested .
there is an ios app called dreamboard that allows you to use the android ui on your iphone/ipod . it is just a launcher that changes the theme so as to give you a feel of how the android ui looks like . please note that , inorder to download this app , you should jailbreak your ios device . i currently have this app on my ipod touch , downloaded from appcake ( which i downloaded from cydia after jailbreaking my device ) here 's a video link : dreamboard in action hope this helps .
try android x86 as a virtual machine on virtual box . this is by far the best working android i have seen . . . it has the basic , default android ui . it is fully functional . it works 4 times faster than my htc sensation android x86 iso files : http://code.google.com/p/android-x86/downloads/list how to install it : http://dev.blogs.nuxeo.com/2011/10/speeding-up-the-android-emulator.html
i cannot post comments due to rep limitations . i am adding a link for what commonsware said . i will upvote you when i hit 15 rep commonsware . sideload wonder
the android compatibility definition document for 2.2 says that device implementations must support the android developer tools provided in the android sdk .  any device which is not compatible with android according to this document is not going to have the google services , including the android market .
this question seems to say that it is necessary to root an at and t phone ( like the samsung captivate ) in order to install apps from unofficial sources . that is not true . while you cannot download apps from the web , you can install apps through the development tools , or things based on the development tools ( like the sideloader wonder machine ) . my question is a bit more focused : if i am working on my own android app , will i be able to load it on my at and t phone for testing ( via the android sdk , etc . ) without first rooting the phone ? yes .
update : at and t has finally seen the light and allowed unknown sources on most of its devices ; you should get an update . if you want a real " developer phone " you can get the nexus s ( right now it is exclusive to best buy , so you will have to go there . make sure you get the at and t variant if you want hspa+ ) . i have only booted stock once on mine - and it was not the first boot .
if you are trying to vpn from your phone to publicly accessible computer that is also part of your lan , it really does not matter what port the vpn client on your phone uses .
if you have access to a computer that a ) is on the same wi-fi network ; and b ) runs wireshark ( http://www.wireshark.org/ ) you can probably find out the port that way .
here are the ports used by vpns pptp To allow PPTP tunnel maintenance traffic, open TCP 1723. To allow PPTP tunneled data to pass through router, open Protocol ID 47.  l2tp over ipsec
i dont think so that your need to have to port if you are willing to use vpn on android . you simply need to add the server name in the settings which will be given to you by your vpn provider . however , i will advise you to configure the setting again on vpn android . it will surely works out as one of my friend has also faced such issues while connecting to vpn but he tried the configuration steps and then able to use the vpn serviceon its android phone . follow these simple steps . . . add a new vpn connection : press the home icon , press menu , and tap settings tap wireless and networks tap vpn settings tap add vpn select the type of vpn to add ( pptp , l2tp , l2tp/ipsec psk vpn , l2tp/ipsec crt vpn ) fill in vpn details such as vpn name , vpn server , etc ( the required settings will depend on type of vpn selected and will be provided to you by your vpn provider or network admin ) click save or done . connecting to the vpn : press home icon , press menu , and tap settings tap wireless and networks tap vpn settings . the vpn connections you have added are now listed . tap the vpn you wish to connect to . a dialog box will open asking for your credentials , enter them and touch connect
i want to know if 4.1 is set-up to use push notifications efficiently with regards to battery drain well the short answer is yes , but this sounds like a misguided question . push notifications have been around for a lot longer than 4.1 and to my knowledge there are not any major " efficiencies " that were added to the android os after 4.1 to improve handling push notifications . for push notifications to work , you need 4 components : ( 1 ) an app server that is processing data for you in the cloud and wants to inform you about an event ( for ex : twitter/facebook servers ) ( 2 ) a push notification server that can receive requests from ( 1 ) , figure out who its intended for , and dispatch a push to the right user/device combination ( ex : google cloud messaging server ) ( 3 ) a counterpart android app/service that is always running in the background and has a persistent ( always-on ) connection to ( 2 ) so it may receive the push , figure out which app it is intended for , wake up that app and send it the small push data ( ex : google play store native app ) ( 4 ) an android app that can receive this local data from ( 3 ) and figure out how best to inform the user about this push notification ( typically by putting up a notification indicator in the status bar ) ( ex : twitter android app ) . this is what the end user thinks of as a push notification . not all push notifications needs to show themselves in the status/notification bar though , they are sent silently by ( 3 ) and it is up to ( 4 ) to determine if a notification should be shown to the user ideally , even with push notifications setting turned on , ( 4 ) is not awake . it'll be awakened by ( 3 ) when ( 3 ) receives the push from ( 2 ) . google provides the gcm framework that provides ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) . so provided your apps are using gcm ( or other equivalent services like urbanairship , xtify etc ) , any excessive battery drain you might notice is the fault of ( 1 ) or ( 4 ) , both of which are the fault of the app developer . ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) maybe combined , as can ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) . so if the apps you are installing have their own push service , that is still an issue with their code , not your device or the os . additional reading : google cloud messaging architecture
push notifications are designed to be the solution to battery draining apps that constantly monitor for data that has changed locally or on a server . because of this they are very battery efficient . my phone typically will get 20 notifications in a few hours with less than 1% total battery use . if your having huge battery drain problems , your phone is probably not sleeping properly which is usually due to an app that is preventing the phone from sleeping . i might be able to help you resolve this with some more information , such as phone , android version ( or rom if your rooted ) and a screenshot of your battery screen after your phone has been running for a few hours . i will update my answer accordingly .
i do not think continuous vibration while the phone is ringing can destroy a phone . it can drain battery though . i always set mine to vibrate , and it is still fine . some phones or custom roms let you adjust how strong the vibration is .
google contacts is your best option . it will merge contacts with different names if things like their email addresses are the same . also , if for some reason , it does not detect the contacts that should be merged , you can select multiple contacts manually and click on Merge Contacts from the more actions menu .
use latest version of myphoneexplorer ( www.fjsoft.at ) . it is compatible with nearly any android phone . connect your phone with bluetooth or usb to pc . sync your contacts with the software , then you are able to easily merge your contacts by selecting some of them and right-click -> merge contacts . note , this requires installation of a client on your windows desktop ( no mac or linux available )
backup your data and factory reset your device . if problem is intact , its firmware issue . fixing it is not easier than flashing new rom . the best way to work around : disconnect mobile data by renaming apn . no need to factory reset or to flash new rom . you do not need to rename apn manually . install widgetsoid and use its mobile data toggle widget . in settings , make sure toggle method is apn renaming . done !
the battery indicator app in the first picture shown appears to be ours so i would thought i would respond . :- ) the ongoing notification shows because all ongoing notifications in android currently must display a notification as shown , and because the app must always be in memory to work correctly . you do not need a custom rom to be sure the battery is not being drained too much . over a year ago i joined with dmytro shkil to publish both battery notifier ( big text ) and battery notifier pro bt because his original program consumed less battery than any other app i had tried . tested with systempanel with the display intentionally kept on , the free and paid versions of our program today still consume less than . 01% cpu over 8 hours . we have left out fancy graphs and other eyecandy to keep our app consuming as little battery as possible . larryvgs http://batterynotifierpro.blogspot.com/
the battery power such app uses is very insignificant if well made . i use such app and it never shows up in the battery usage statistics . that makes me conclude that on a full cycle of 100% to 0% , those apps will not be responsible for even 1% . if the app you use does show up , it is too intensive and you should try another .
yes , of course they consume battery . you can go and check in settings > > battery how much is the app actually consuming . ( it should appear something like shown the following screenshot ) i think it might not consume a significant amount like other apps , but just check it and see if you are okay with the amount of battery it is consuming . also , if all you want is remaining battery percentage , i would recommend installing a custom rom like cyanogenmod that shows the percentage on the status bar itself . ( see the status bar in the screenshot below )
all battery indicator apps will consume more battery since they need to monitor the battery and that takes cpu cycles . the only difference lies in the apps themselves , on how often and precise they check the battery level and other extra stuff ( stats , eyecandy , . . . ) .
you can use adb and run logcat by typing the command adb logcat &gt; logcat.log . alternatively you can use an app like alogcat . that will give show you your systems logs but then you will have to figure out what it all means . i have to agree with matthew reads comment that it is probably related to cm but there are so many moving parts and different factors it is hard to say . unfortunately diagnosing through trial and error will require you removing cm to see if it was the cause . i would recommend removing adfree and seeing if you still have crashes because it could be caused by that . if i were an app dev that relied on ads to fund my company i would probably make the free flow of ads in my app a requirement for my app to run properly . also , i doubt it is launcher pro .
ensure you properly dismount the phone storage from your computer , and then have your phone mount it , before disconnecting usb .
so , based on the comments above you do need a notification solution . the obvious one is just to turn off notifications for the email app , or to turn down the volume before you go to bed . you could also use an app like tasker to do the latter automatically based on profiles that you set . for example you can have it mute notifications when plugged in to charge : http://androidforums.com/1207528-post3.html
probably the best way to test it is to write data to all of it and see if one of the following occurs : the write fails the data/files do not show when you look for them the data cannot be read the data is corrupt you can not flag sectors as bad as far as i am aware , though , due to the fat filesystem of sd cards .
have you tried formatting your sd card in a dedicated reader , as opposed to doing it directly on the phone ? most phones ( and even most laptops ' built-in sd card readers ) have problems writing sd card partitions . i usually format my sd cards in a stand-alone card reader hooked up to my pc via usb . also , it is probably worth re-partitioning it with partition editor from ubuntu livecd .
i think the problem is the fact that it is a sdhc card . sdhc cards are rather new , and are not supported yet in most devices . so maybe you could try to find a normal sdsc card ( from digital camera , friends , family . . ) to test if it works with that type . the reason why sdhc cards are not yet supported in some devices is because it uses another type of card-specific data ( csd ) register . this results in some compatibility issues with some ( older ) devices . but if you want to know more about this , i recommond to use google . i would think though that a new device like yours ( because it has android 4.0 ) would support this already . . i have not heard of the brand before , so i do not really know the quality of their devices . edit : the device should support sdhc cards up to 32gb according to the specs , so that can not be the problem . i suggest contacting the support then , maybe they can tell you what is wrong and what you can try . .
i had a similar problem with us apps once . i was not using the same market enabler app though . i use this market enabler . in most cases , i can get apps just using that , but in some cases , i additionally need to use a proxy , such as proxydroid .
there appears to be a workaround with this app and the latest version of the market that may work for you : there is a trick . go to browser , look on google for " appname android market " , click on the google link and select " open with market " . however , paid apps still cannot be bought . but you can get the free apps ( some of them do not appear because they have an in-app payment system ) . there are alternate market enabler apps that might work , like this one : https://market.android.com/details?id=ch.racic.android.marketenabler it can be downloaded directly in case you can not get it through the market . if that does not work , you could try different versions of the android market , starting with the latest , like matthew read suggested . you could also try older versions of the market enabler app itself . you will have to google around for those . if none of that works , you could always contact the developer : https://plus.google.com/110853353138524936530
unmounting an sd card is comparable to the " safely remove device " feature of windows , which should be used when removing usb drives etc . if you remove the device without notifying the os that the connection is going to be lost , some data may not be written to the device , and corruption and data loss can occur . this is because the os uses buffers to store the data before transferring it to the device itself . even though the operation appears to be complete , there still may be some data left in the buffer and waiting to be written to the device . unmounting/safely removing the device forces there buffers to be written to the device before removal , thus preventing corruption . i would recommend either getting used to going through the menus to unmount the sd , or if your device supports , using a widget like eject sd for easier access . powering off the device works too , but as you mentioned , it is a bit slower .
you will need root access on your devices ( well , at least on the old one ) in order to copy the apps off it . once rooted , you can use a number of 3rd-party " backup " apps to save a copy of the apps to your sd card , copy it to your pc , and then side-load them onto your new phone . the one i use is titanium backup . root your original device . look at sites like xda-developers or rootzwiki for help with that . in titanium backup use the backup/restore functionality to backup the apps you need to the sd card . on the new phone also install titanium backup app , enable side-loading ( menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Unknown sources ) , and use the restore functionality to restore the apps . if you do not feel like installing a 3rd-party backup app , this can be done manually , although it is a lot more involved ( installing android sdk , usb drivers , using command prompt to find package names and copy the apks from old phone and installing them on the new one . )
if there is an update available for your android phone in android you go to settings -> about phone -> system updates good luck !
provided you have blue bars for your wireless and/or wifi connections and have logged into gtalk you should always be connected . you have to sign out of gtalk or lose connection with the google servers ( gray signal bars ) in order to be offline . short story : as long as you signed in and have a data connection you are online for gtalk . if that does not give you a warm fuzzy feeling then use a third party app like trillian and use it for gtalk . trillian might be able give you a notification icon .
i have had this issue happening with three different devices - motorola backflip , motorola defy and genesis gt-1230 . the cause is always cheap third-party chargers -- and in my case , it works fine when plugged to the computer via usb cable ( it is an original motorola cable ) .
i have encountered this problem with my samsung galaxy ii s , but only when i am using a third party charger of dubious quality . the hardware buttons continue to work but the touchscreen becomes unresponsive . the issue does not occur with the oem charger .
i had the same problem with the htc nexus one and it was directly related to heat . whenever the phone got too hot the touch screen would flake out . charging the phone makes it heat up , the worst time for me was when it was in the car dock , heat from charging and from the screen being on all the time . when ever it did this all i had to do was hold it in front of the ac vent for 15 - 30 seconds and the screen would work normally .
all i did was go to menu | settings | applications | Google Voice and selected force stop . it cleared the issue without deleting the data .
from al everett 's comment , i decided to try signing out of the application ( which gives a warning about deleting all data ) and signing back in , figuring that would be a less extreme step than going to manage applications clear data ( although maybe it does the same thing ) . it seems to have fixed the problem
the problem is that some systems think of different ways to use the exif information . there are several possiblities , but for the motorola milestone ( droid in the us ) it was that the picture got a " rotated " mark in the exif , but it did not get the height/width set correctly ( example : lets say you have a hxw = 3x4 camera . if you take a landscape shot , you will get the normal hxw= 3x4 sized shot , and everything is fine . if you take a portrait shot , you still get the hxw = 3x4 ( but you would want to see hxw = 4x3 ) , and an extra mark that says " this shot was rotated ) . some programs could work with this ( twitpic for instance ) , but some coudn't . now you might face the same issue . i would look into your shots , and check what the exif says . if the exif has one of these issues , you might need to change ( possibly use some sort of automatic process ) the exif . also , another viewer might help here .
maybe the metainformation about the file is incorrect , try to copy to a pc and check it ( right-click -> properties )
the headphone jack of many android devices will accept audio input . a few caveats : audio input using this method is mono only . this will vary by device as some may not accept audio input , and others simply do not have headphone jacks . if a particular device came with a headset with a built-in mic , odds are it will accept audio input . this method does not support the use of an external mic while recording video . you will need to use a special adapter that will split the input/output of the jack . something like this or the adapter mentioned here would probably work . it seems like audio input through usb would be possible , but this feature request suggests it is not yet implemented .
if you to settings --> apps --> all , is it in the list of applications ? if so , click on it , click uninstall , and then try to reinstall it from the market . it is also possible that the market is incorrectly showing it as installed . if this is the case , try going to settings --> apps --> all --> market , click force stop , then clear data . the open the market again and see if google voice is still listed as installed , and if not , install it .
check the app drawer again -- it is listed ( alphabetically ) under " voice " , not " google voice " .
my sgs2 has a scratch . normal use , probably my keys did it , i assumed the gorilla glass would be safe , but was sorely disappointed ! wish i would shelled out for protection !
the s2 has samsung 's toughened gorilla glass screen , see the videos in this answer to a previous question for attempts to scratch the gorilla glass on an original galaxy s : looking for a robust android smartphone i can say that i have had an original galaxy s for over a year now , and regularly keep it in a trouser pocket with my house keys , have dropped it a few times , and other slight accidents , and while the back and sides of the cover have scratches and chips on them the screen is still absolutely unmarked . however what you might want to consider is the fact that the camera lens on the back apparently is not gorilla glass , see this question is samsung galaxy s ii rear camera gorilla glass too ?
just got mine a few weeks ago . i do not think you will need a screen protector but at the same time if you put your phone in the same pocket as your keys or even spare change , you are asking for trouble
it is very tough but not magic , i do have a very tiny scratch on mine i have no idea how it got there . the only way to scratch something is with a substance that is harder than it is , the mohs scale is used to show the hardness of materials . i have read that non-oxidized aluminum according to the mohs hardness scale has a hardness of 2.75 , gorilla glass is estimated to be about 7.5 but aluminum oxide , aluminum will get a coating it is like rust on iron but this is aluminum , the aluminum oxide has a hardness of 9 . aluminum oxide is better known as corundum mohs 9 but high quality versions are called ruby and sapphire . so if you have old oxidized aluminum car or house keys maybe some coins or whatever they will probably scratch a gorilla glass screen since they are harder than it .
i have an at and t galaxy siii . i use betterbatterystats when i have battery issues . lately i have been having problems with the calendar sync service keeping the phone awake . i cleared its data and resynced from scratch , and that helped , but a few hours ago i created a new calendar , and now it is going bonkers again . anyway , the best i have been able to get is about 3% per hour when not being actively used . i might have seen 2.5% one time , but that was a few months ago . typically though , especially with this calendar sync problem , i see 4.5% per hour or worse . so if your question is , " how long should the battery last ? " my best answer from my experience is about 24-28 hours , considering an average 3% per hour drain while idle , and light usage . if you make a few long phone calls , that will , of course , drain it much faster . but any apps that go haywire and cause excess wakelocks will wreck it quick . i love the freedom of android compared to ios , but i really want more control over apps background behavior . android 4.3 may provide this , but who knows if the siii will ever get it .
just got the same issue today . reboot the phone once more , and you should be able to re-add the widgets back manually . unfortunately there seems to be no other way to do this . some widgets ( bookmarks for example ) were not even available for adding without additional phone reboot .
did you do a full wipe before installing DDMF1 ? if not , then there is your problem . you must always do a full wipe when you switch roms ! ( exceptions are when you switch a cyanogenmod-based rom to another cyanogenmod-based rom )
create an animation script ( text ) file as desc.txt with the following content : 240 320 24 p 1 0 part0  explanation : in first line 240 320 24 , 240 320 is the device 's resolution and 24 is the frames per second . higher the number , faster the animation . in second line p 1 0 part0 , p is a code to tell it to look at new commands , 1 is the number of times the boot animation will play ( 0 means infinite ) , 0 is a code to tell it to pause . 0 means no pause , 10 means pause for 10 seconds - repeating or moving on to next line . part0 is the foler in which your animation images are contained . could you please check whether fourth parameter is 0 ? if not set it to 0 for infinite loop .
i was able to figure this out after troubleshooting . i partitioned out my hdd and installed ubuntu 13.04 . once completed i installed android tools via terminal sudo apt-get install android-tools-adb i recreated the entire boot animation using gimp and 7zip and pushed it back to the device adb push /system/media/bootanimation.zip . it worked . for what ever reason creating it in windows was not working .
sounds like you will need to roll your own telephony gateway . this kind of thing can get complicated very quickly , so your milage will depend on the amount of free time you have to devote to the project and your knowledge of telecommunications . at its most basic , you need to do this : a quick google search revealed asterisk as a free , open-source option for creating your own gateway . you will need desktop/server hardware that can communicate with ethernet and analog phone lines as well as sip client software for your android phone ( like sipdroid ) . this kind of setup should allow you to receive all calls on your android phone and place calls from your android through your land line . asterisk seems to have decent documentation and community support so it should just be a matter of putting it all together and getting the gateway configured correctly .
i was looking for a device like this myself , and could not find anything , so i will put it on my wish list for some fun with electronic projects to make someday . however an alternative for now but not exactly what you want because it still uses the internet however at least you can use the android to answer your landline calls is to get a free google voip or other fee based voip service like callcentric and set up the softphone app on the phone ( softphone not work with google voice , have to use googles software for that ) then set your landline to forward all calls to your voip phone , if not know how to set a landline to forward calls ask your phone service they will tell you its a few key presses , however your landline will not ring until you deactivate that setting , unless the phone service has option to ring n# of time then forward the call , but probably an extra fee for that . anyway that is kind of a work around until someone makes such a thing , but the demand for that is probably low , since the trend in the public is to only have cell service , and not use landlines . however for me it is a neat idea and want to make it for myself , will probably use scraps from an old useless phone , add in a cheap microcontroller with a bluetooth to talk to the android then write some software to make it all work the way i want it to . probably can do it with a pc and pc modem , and route the audio to the bluetooth , but i not want to have a full big box pc on consuming power 24/7 just for that .
if you ' re looking to get your home phone call to your cell device , you just need to call your cell from your home phone and then press *72 i believe and your calls will be send to your cell phone . check your land phone provide to find how to do that . . . not sure it is 72 . . . but pretty sure , then to get the call back to your land line , you press *73 on your land phone . hope this help .
the answer to the question is yes and i do it . i use a raspberry pi running raspbx so within the house most things are sip or dect . my main phone is a gigaset dx800a which supports sip and also dect . these dect phones attached to the dx800a become sip extensions . the phone in my office is an aastra 6739i ( sip ) with a sennheiser dect headset . i have a linksys spa3102-uk which connects the pstn landline to the raspberry pi . the mobile phone can run any sip software and become an internal extension , and thus make and receive landline calls . as to being a workable solution then it depends on your cellphone coverage and how you use your cellphone ( do you need sms ? ) . another useful configuration is the dx800a will allow you to connect to you cell phone via bluetooth and make a receive calls from the dx800a or any dect handsets attached to it . so in this situation you carry around a dect handset and you can make and receive calls from both the mobile number and landline number . i would like to find an app that converts the mobile into a sip/gsm gateway such that the android phone can be connected to the asterisk based raspbx and be used to make outgoing and incoming calls via gsm . this way i could use my calling plan to make calls from my sip based desk phone going out via the mobile ( routing controlled by raspbx ) . but do not know of one as yet .
are you sure that the camera is not damaged as well ? ip webcam has settings for resolution and quality , but i do not see anything indicating that it is tied to the screen of the device . actually , i am not sure we are using the same cam app . maybe it would help to try a different one . i used ' ip webcam ' because i was using mine for video . i am sure there are good options for still shots . you can also try using something like tinycam monitor ( free ) to view the stream if you are viewing live video . it makes for an easy security camera system .
you just got case of failed update . try to have look at this article and see if you can get it sorted
that are most likely not app names , but their " user ids " ( and the system is unable to match a name ) . on a rooted device , you could find out more on those by executing ls -l /data/data | grep 10110  ( which should show you the data directory of the app owned by that user , together with some more data ) . investigating that directory might give you an idea : its name is the package name , which you could even lookup at google play : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=&lt;package_name&gt;  while that is unlikely to find the app ( or your system really is in trouble not being able to match the two ) , it is at least worth a try . in case nothing is found , you can investigate that directory 's content to make a " good guess " what it might be about . also , the name of the directory itself might already have given you a clue . i will give you an example ( from one of my extracted nandroid backups ) . let 's say ls turned up com.motorola.android.fota on a motorola device . so by the fact it is a motorola device , and the package name starting with com.motorola.android one can deduce it is a system app build by the manufacturer . assuming one does not connect the fota with anything , in the subdirectory databases one finds two sqlite files . i checked the config.db and saw it has two tables , at least one of them seemingly all about updates ( auto_update_interval , auto_update_enable , and more ) . the second one is fumo.db and seems to hold information about packages . so this is most likely an app responsible for updating apps -- and if you not already know , " fota " stands for " firmware over the air update " . however , to do that your device must be rooted ( users other than root it will not permit to browse the /data/data directory ) .
you have two options . do a factory reset . go to Settings &gt; Backup &amp; reset &gt; Factory data reset . when you are asked to log-in your google account , it will ask you if you want to download the apps you installed before . usually , your paid apps will be installed ( and possibly some of the free apps ) . you may have to manually install the others . or , you can always use titanium backup . make sure to back-up only user apps , not system apps . then , restore those user apps after you have flashed a new rom .
also , if the above does not work for you , or there are many apps that have not been downloaded you can bulk install previously installed apps using the " my apps " on the play store . My Apps &gt; All  then press and hold on an app , and it will be selected . apps that have already been installed onto your device will be greyed out . you can then press on any other apps you want to install , then " install " at the top right .
this simple app creates " false apps " . we can assign a shortcut to a " false app " . if we click on the " false app " , the shortcut will be executed : shortcut launcher in google play app store
no it is not . commercial gps receivers ( like the one in your phone ) only work below 18 km and below 515 m/sec . the rationale behind this is that this way they can not be used in ballistic missiles ( yes , i am serious . ) in order to circumvent this you had need to flash a different firmware to your gps chip , if you did not do this you are safe . no current android device ships with munitions grade gps receiver .
can not shed any light on your current experience i am afraid . it is possible that timescape has some sort of feature built in but i have just the app for you . call track syncs all your calls to your calendar , including time duration and number ( and name if they are in contacts ) and will import your existing call log . you can select a specific calendar or label to sync with . hope that helps . :- )
finally found the solution and the reason . i installed sms backup + application from market sometime back . this application syncs the messages , call logs and contacts with gmail . i installed once and removed . in that time span it sync the contacts , call logs with my gmail . thats why i can see the call logs label in my gmail .
once you unlock the bootloader , the only major risk you may face is bricking the phone when loading the aosp images of a previous android version .
if the " other " calls are usually at certain times of the day , you could use tasker to automate things for you .
you probably need download and install lg tools and drivers from lg web site . and follow the software instructions . also this is the site for ireland http://www.lg.com/ie/android/index.jsp , mentioning upgrade of gt540 to android 2.1 eclair . you may also check these two references : - http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1032744 - http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=803695 i learned a lot from xda forums and beware most of things in xda are on your responsibility , meaning yes , there is a chance you can brick your phone .
backup your phone this is important if you wish to keep any data from your phone . you will have to restore backed up data ( such as apps ) after you update . the only way to update to the latest software is to erase your device , so backup whatever you do not want to lose . extract the . zip file , which you can download from this androidforum thread or this xda thread . open the folder and install msxml 4.0 sp3 parser ( msxml . msi ) . once that has finished , install lgandroiddriver_whql_ml_ver1.0_all_win7 . exe which are the drivers so your computer will recognize your phone . windows xp users download this driver , extract the contents anywhere ( e . g . desktop ) , right-click on the ' android_usb . inf ' file and click ' install ' . next , open kdz_fw_upd . exe ( i ) change ' type ' to '3gqct ' this is a must , the update will not work otherwise and you may brick your phone ( ii ) make sure ' phonemode ' is set to ' diag ' ( iii ) browse for the ' v20b_00+fastboot . kdz ' file . prepare the phone by enabling usb debugging by going to settings> applications> development> enable usb debugging and connect the phone to the computer via usb cable and wait for the drivers to install for the phone . sometimes the computer still will not recognize the phone , if this is the case , try this : windows vista and windows 7 users press start and type device manager ( windows xp users right click ' my computer ' and click properties , then click the hardware tab and click device manager ) then locate lge android platform modem , right click it and click disable . accept any warnings that come up . also , make sure you have disabled mass storage mode on your phone . to do this , go to settings> storage> enable mass storage , and untick the box . click ' launch software update ' and do not use your computer until the update is complete . the update will take roughly 10-20 mins to complete . this method was found in the androidforums . there is also a youtube tutorial on rooting the gt540 . bricking is always a possibility when modifying software that does not come directly through the intended channels that said , the methods here have been proven to work and your risk is significantly less if you perform these steps correctly . let us know if you need any help !
one alternative is " multi-user app share " , which is available from the play store . you can share an installed app with other users . data from the app will not be shared . shared paid apps will most likely not be validated when used , provided your tablet has a network connection . you will need root to be able to do this .
kitkat does indeed allow having multiple accounts use the play store in a single profile . first , create a new " shared " google account . then add this account to each of the kids ' profiles on their tablets . when adding this account to the device profiles , do not sync any of the email , calendar and other google services for the account . from the goole play store home page , you can select which account you had like to use to purchase apps . to prevent unintended purchases , make sure to adjust the settings so that a password is required for every purchase . select the shared account and purchase an app . then , on a second device , select the same shared account and download apps that were purchased on the first device . while there a little extra initial setup , this has been a great solution for sharing paid apps between the kids ' devices .
there is a possible quick solution , depending on the phone in consideration : go to settings-> sound-> music effects and depending on the phone , you may by default have an app that controls the music effects within which you should easily find your desired setting . but if your phone is rooted , a more reliable solution would be to install the music effects app/driver : viper ( basically a 3rd party audio driver for android ) which can be turned on or off at will . the app , in addition to being able to fix an unbalanced stereo has a powerful and wide spectrum of amazing sound enhancement options which is a must have whether you have an unbalanced stereo or not ! in fact i can not enjoy music with it turned off anymore : ( - - - - ; )
system > accessibility > hearing i am using lg g2
first method : turn on bluetooth on your phones . use the bb to look for the samsung , then when u find it , pair it . then click on the samsung phone , and u should get the option to transfer contacts . not too sure about the other stuff . second method : try phone to phone transfer app . phone to phone transfer can be downloaded from the androidphonesoft website free of cost and its the same with itunes , then connect your blackberry and samsung s3 to computer , run the program then you will see all the itmes on the program , just start to copy , all of your data will be transfered to galaxy s3 , very easy , this artilce may help you : how to transfer contacts from blackberry to samsung galaxy s3
uc browser is as efficient as opera in compression .
there are also uc browser and puffin web browser that have data compression feature . but i always prefer opera mini .
i think not . a least , not efficiently . if you want to do that , you need servers , big servers , so you need a big company to run thoses big servers . so i would be very surprised if that big company does not advertise for its product , as opera did .
there is the turbo feature in opera mobile -- the same ui as mini with a more normal renderer . the compression is less effective , though .
there is gomarks . looks promising .
dolphin can actually sync with google bookmarks . dolphin is widely used , so that is a plus in terms of trustworthiness . searching the bookmarks is not very nice though , but you can filter by tags
cyanogenmod is a fork of aosp ( android open source project ) , more customisable and with many added niceties ( see the why page on cm 's wiki for details ) . one of the main advantages it that you are able to update phones for which its vendor stopped releasing updates . for instance , i have cyanogenmod 10.2 , which is based on android 4.3 ( jelly bean ) on my nexus s . google only updated android up to 4.1.2 for this phone . when you install it you do not have the google apps ( like maps , hangouts , search , etc ) but you can install the " gapps " package which contains these apps .
i guess the best resource for you is the official cyanogenmod wiki : http://wiki.cyanogenmod.org/w/main_page
cyanogenmod versus android to ask how cyanogenmod is different from android is comparable to ask how is a cat different from an animal . cyanogenmod is an android custom-rom . see : our rom tag-wiki for what a rom is our custom-rom tag-wiki for details on custom roms our cyanogenmod tag-wiki for details on cyanogenmod quoting the latter , which quotes from the cyanogenmod website : cyanogenmod is an aftermarket firmware for a number of cell phones based on the open-source android operating system . it offers features not found in the official android based firmwares of vendors of these cell phones . as you are asking about ecosystems : cyanogenmod meanwhile is a company . there might be multiple ecosystems using the same resources . as will be shown below : google versus android versus cyanogenmod android is not google , and google is not android . behind android stands the aosp team . so android is open source , which is why other groups like cyanogenmod can use it . the " iron grip " of your question does not go to android itself , it is rather the additions google puts on top , the so-called google apps ( see : google-apps and its tag-wiki ) . those apps are not open-source , but closed-source . cyanogenmod started shipping their own counter-parts for several of the google-apps ( and features ) , and here you have got your ecosystem : apps and services . cyanogenmod is not permitted to ship the google-apps with their roms , you have to install them manually ( if you want them ) , or leave them out . there are many substitutes available , so you can use android without google : android os without google services ? can an android phone run without google ? guide : how to use your android phone without google android without google  discussion @xda can i trust x with my data ? google earns its money with advertisements . if you can trust them with your data , imho you can trust cyanogenmod even more . if you do not want to trust either of them , there are alternatives such as owncloud , funambol , and more , which you can use with any rom , cyanogenmod included  setting up your own cloud , as one of the names suggests . concerning the google-play-store and " where to get my apps from": as with the other google-apps , custom roms are not permitted to bundle them with their distributions . but there are a lot of alternative and open-source markets , like f-droid etc . ( see our alternative-markets tag-wiki ) . there have been rumours about a cyanogenmod app market , but i must have missed that taking off .
i would say that the practical anwser is no . although you could theoreticaly make an appliction/script that would swith to 2g before a cal , the script would have to wait a few seconds before making a call while the phone switches signals . this will make it no faster than manualy changing it before calling . i suggest you put the 2g/3g widget near your dialer and press it before you enter the dialer , by the time you choose a contact the phone should be ready to call . another option has to do with rooting and voiding your warranty : flashing different modems ( radio images ) from xda . some modems hold to signals much more aggresively ( but use more battery ) . the last and most obvious option ( the one that i would choose in your place ) is to just stay in 2g mode when in the city . since the signal is so bad you drop calls i would guess that data speeds are slow and dropping too . you will also gain in battery life beacuse the phone will not be constantly searching and droping signals . in any case i would consider changing the carrier if there is a better option where you live .
if you constantly get a poor 3g signal , you may want to switch the signal preference to favor 2g instead of 3g . here 's a way to do it on ics : in dialer , press *#*#4636#*#* go to ' phone information ' swipe to this ' set preferred network type ' assuming it is ' wcdma preferred ' , change it to ' gsm auto ( prl ) ' this setting will change its signal quality threshold , allowing it to switch from 3g to 2g ' earlier ' . use at your own risk though . . . to address your question of automatically switching signal when you make a call , you might be able to hammer something out on tasker if you are so inclined ( i may give it a try later to satisfy my own curiosity xd ) . one problem is forsee though , is that i believe it takes a bit of time to switch signals , so it might affect your call ( or its quality ) .
i think i have got the solution to your problem , rather our problem . i have been facing this issue for a couple of weeks now , during which i was not able to make any calls when my network mode is set as wcdma or gsm/wcdma auto . i called up my network operator , and they were able to provide me a solution . in the call settings menu , inside additional settings , there is a setting for displaying the caller id in outgoing calls . i had changed this setting to ' hide number ' , and that was the reason i was not able to make any calls in the wcdma mode . after i changed it to ' network default ' or ' show number ' , i was able to make calls even in the wcdma mode . : ) hope this helps you too .
yes , there is an api for that ( the class is android.net.TrafficStats ) . it was added with api level 8 ( android 2.2 ) . as you can see below , it offers both rx and tx bytes in total , only accounting mobile or per app ( added in api level 14 , note that with an equal uid count as one ) . this is an excerpt , see the link below for all methods . static long getmobilerxbytes ( ) static long getmobiletxbytes ( ) static long gettotalrxbytes ( ) static long gettotaltxbytes ( ) static long getuidrxbytes ( int uid ) static long getuidtxbytes ( int uid ) . . . api-source : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/net/trafficstats.html implementation for the " data usage " view : here final long foregroundBytes = entry.rxBytes + entry.txBytes;  ps : the carriers also count udp traffic that just leaves their end but never arrives , such as rtp streams where the phone loses the carrier but the whole video gets streamed anyway .
for mtk devices you should use sp flash tool please find a complete tutorial here http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1982587 propably this will save you from the currently situation . i am not responsible for anything may happen .
the best i have for now is the app readability available from google play store : readability turns any web page into a clean view for reading now or later on your computer or android device . with the readability app , you can catch up reading you have saved with the free readability add-on for your web browser . already a favorite on kindle e-readers , now you can enjoy the benefits of readability on your android devices .
this greatly depends on the dialer application you are using . on stock " vanilla " android that ships with google/aosp dialer app , there is no such option , and you will have to find a 3rd-party dialer app that has such a feature ( e . g . dialer one or pp , for example . ) some manufacturers like samsung and htc replace the default dialer app with their own that has many more features , and may already include the one you are looking for ( grouping records by caller . )
you can organize your contacts by syncronizing all of them into your google account . once you do that you can organize them throught the gmail page . below of google logo there is a menu were you can choose contacts there you can organize them in an easy way
keyword news seems to do exactly what you want , although it looks like a fairly basic model of this design . you could also use google reader which has a keyword entry on the left side of their page , that also has their very own app .
an easier alternative would be to use emoji switcher ( requires root ) .
needs root access : you can change the AndroidEmoji.ttf font that can be found in /system/fonts/ . xda has a copy of different emoji fonts you can use .
use something like evernote to write and exchange stuff between any two devices , including pc and bluestacks .
today , i installed clipper plus in bluestacks and i noticed that its already storing clips i copied in windows . i have also tried to copy a text in bluestacks and paste in windows . it has confirmed that clipboard has already been shared between bluestacks and windows . great . . . either this feature has been pushed recently or i did not notice it without clipper plus . i tried to paste using Ctrl+V in bluestacks which still does not work . do paste with proper method : long-click and choose paste from menu .
i do not know if this will work with bluestacks specifically , but whenever i want to share a clipboard between my pc and android device , i use airdroid .
you have to install the boot image that is included in the cyanogenmod zip file an flash that in fastboot : connect your device with vol-up while plugging in the usb-cable fastboot devices  seeing your serial number means we know all is good . now type these commands : fastboot erase system -w fastboot erase boot  then copy the boot . img in the same folder as fastboot . exe and type fastboot flash boot boot.img fastboot reboot  now press the vol-down button to enter the recovery mode again and install your image
system application are odexed , which means the code part it extracted and kept separate and also some crucial parts of the application are kept in framework . jar . if you want to copy your freshly-compiled application to your phone , you have to deodex it first , which restores the missing parts and only then you may replace /system/settings . apk with your new file . and , please , make sure you delete old /system/settings . odex file , otherwise it will not work . as usually , it is recommended to save old settings . apk/odex files just in case when something goes wrong .
did you try to add it from the email app itself ? go into the app and and select the " manual setup " option , and then you will be able to add a pop3 , imap , or exchange account .
k9 mail may have an option to connect to your account . see https://github.com/k9mail/k-9/wiki/k9mailandexchange
the mdm solution can require that you set a pin . the google apps device policy app , for example , can require you to set a pin . this is described in the google device policy for android if you want more details .
each app gets a storage directoy assigned in /data/data/&lt;package_name&gt; 1 , so in your case that would be /data/data/com.soh . however , without root privileges , you cannot directly access that directory . a possible work-around ( for non-rooted devices ) would be to create an " adb backup " of the app ( see our adb tag-wiki for details ) , and then " disassemble " that 2 . you should then find databases ( sqlite ) as well as " shared_prefs " ( xml files ) with additional information . 1 see also : where in the file system are applications installed ? 2 see : how do you extract an app 's data from a full backup made through adb backup ? , is there a way to look inside and modify an adb backup created file ?
power on the milestone : press the power button and x button and when a triangle appears , press volume up key and camera buttion .
technically , you do not need root if you have an unlocked bootloader . even if it is locked , you do not need root , you just need an exploit to change the recovery to install cm9/cm10 . usually , the first thing that people do when an exploit is identified is " root " the device but flashing a different recovery and flashing a different rom is also possible . root happens first because there are little or no modifications that have to be made except put the su binaries on the device . the galaxy devices , from my experience is actually pretty easy to " restore to stock " if you so choose . it does require a little research to find the stock rom files and the use of odin ( or hemidall ) . once you have the stock files that can be used with odin , it is rather simple to restore to " stock " with cm9 and later , you do not have to have root enabled . on top of that , you can change that when ever you want . you can also specify if you only want to allow apps to have root access , only adb , or both .
the g2 is indeed supposed to have 4gb but the desire z ( which is g2 's twin with sense , for europe ) only gets 2gb . it seems like a mix-up occured somehow between the 2 phones , because a lot of g2s only have 2gb . i guess t-mobile knows the issue and maybe you could get another phone .
the g2 does indeed have 4gb of internal storage , but not all of it is visible to the operating system . the internal memory ( /dev/block/mmcblk0 ) shows up as 2256 mb which place it solidly in the this-is-4gb-of-memory camp . there are several reasons for confusion on this point . of the 2256mb of internal memory visible to the os , 1.3gb is allocated to /data ( storage for apps ) . this 1.3gb is what you see when you look at " internal phone storage " in settings-> sd card and phone storage . partitioning in this was has been standard on all android phones . the new part with the g2 is where the rest of the 4gb of internal memory are . there has been wild speculation on this point , but a backup copy of the entire os portion of the phone or space for future updates make the most sense .
you are doing this on the web inside of gmail , right ? i did not see the groups included in the vcf file either . but they do seem to be included if you export it as a csv . is it possible that you can use the csv instead ?
odin is an internal samsung tool used for flashing firmware to their devices ( via download mode , bypassing recovery etc . ) . importantly , it also has the ability to repartition the device storage based on a . pit file , which can save you from softbricking ( when flashing goes wrong and recovery/the bootloader fail ) . it is not open source and to my knowledge they have not intentionally released it &mdash ; a few versions have been leaked . for what it is worth , i have used the version posted here without issue . heimdall , however , is open source and duplicates the functionality of odin . it claims to be more reliable as well , in addition to being cross-platform ( odin is windows-only ) . both tools appear to work best with galaxy s devices , so if you are using another device you probably want to ensure someone else has tried it and succeeded . another note is that they use . tar packages layed out differently than the normal update . zip format used by recovery and otas , so you need to get the proper package for it to work .
if you install superuser you can control which apps are allowed root access . by default it blocks all requests and asks you what you want to do . you can give an app access indefinitely and revoke it at any time , or allow only specific requests with a timeout . most rooted roms come with it pre-installed , including cyanogenmod , and many rooting methods will install it for you as well . as an alternative , you could remove the su binary and busybox from your device to effectively un-root it .
this sounds like the old gingerbread ( android 2.3 . x ) had the option to set vibrate to one of three options , from within sms messaging app in settings : always only when silent never in the newer version of android 4 . x . ice cream sandwich and upwards , that was changed slightly , now the settings reflect as : enable , by tapping on notifications ( first , that is a pre-requisite as it will activate the options underneath it notification tone and notification vibration respectively ! ) then enable , by tapping on this notification vibration .
you can find it in settings . . settings -> security -> device administration -> unknown sources
i removed facebook and it seemed to have helped my phone run better . before i was getting flooded with invites from the same person and my phone was constantly freezing .
one way to achieve what you want would include the following steps : ( temporarily ) rooting the device converting the app in question into a system app ( e . g . using titanium backup  root , but there are also other apps helping you with this step ) unroot the device again as the app now resides in read-only space ( /system ) , the user cannot delete it without either rooting the device or flashing a rom -- which of course could be done , but it is a higher inhibition threshold at least .
izzy 's method works just fine , but if you do not want to temporarily root your device ( s ) , you could make an update script which copies your app to the root of the device , so that it is been recognised as a stock app . take a look at the following tutorial : http://www.londatiga.net/it/how-to-create-android-update-zip-package/
is the app developed by your organisation ? if you can control the source code of the app , you may prevent users accidentally uninstalling your app with the help of devicepolicymanager . the advantage is that you do not need to convert the app in every tablet to be an system app . once the app is installed from google play , it can not be uninstalled unless users disable the devicepolicymanager in security settings . if you can not change the app , then convertit to a system app . because there are many devices to handle , you should write a script to do the job . in both ways , if the users really want to uninstall your app , they can always find a way . so make sure your user do not hate your app .
while i do not have the nexus s , so can not say for sure , but my guess is that you have accidentally made internet calling the default action for dialing a number . go to settings> applications> manage applications and clear defaults on the internet calling application , not the dialer .
i had voice changer installed and the second i uninstalled that it worked . also go to settings -> call and go to the bottom and hit " only for internet calls " .
go to settings > > applications > > manage applications > > all > > dialer . under " launch by default " press the " clear defaults " button .
i have had the same problem . try this : go to settings ; call ; use internet calling ; and select the middle option : only for internet calls . i have not encountered the problem since i did this . good luck !
do you have an app called " voice changer " installed ? i have read that it can cause this . also if you have google voice installed , do you have it set to " never dial with google voice " ? if those are not the cause , do you have any other " phone linking " apps or " sip dialers " etc , remove them and see if your issue stops .
1 - no . there is a microsd slot where you can insert cards upto 32 gb in size to extend the memory . 2 - yes - vpn support is present in 2.1 as well 3 - some are free , some are not . some are ad-supported .
when using the google market website , go to the bottom of the page and change the language in which you are viewing the market pages . you will then get user reviews based on the currently selected language . note that the system seems to display comments only in the language the users have been using when posting them , so if you are looking at applications that make sense only for a specific country , you will probably see english comments interspersed with others in the native language . nothing precludes you from leaving a comment on a swedish application on the italian page written in urdu , should you choose so .
if you search for your app on cyrket , they show the latest comments from all of the markets in one list under the app . androlib lets you change which country 's market you are searching by clicking the flags at the top of the page , this also changes the comments displayed to ones from that country 's market .
if you are on your phone , you will have to change your phone 's locale to a more popular one , such as english , in order to see that country 's comments .
what problem are you thinking of reporting it for ? if you are going to report it because this is against admob 's terms of use ( i have not checked , but this sort of thing is normally against most ad network 's rules . then they do not seem to be open to much contact from people without admob logins , but you can try their contact page , which has twitter and facebook accounts listed . if you think that this makes the app itself annoying , then find its page on the play store and write a review and give a rating reflecting that , to warn other people who may be thinking about using the app . if this causes a real problem with the app , or seems to be malicious in some way , then if you have the app installed , you can go into the play store on your device , go into the my apps list , find the app , scroll to the bottom of its page , and then you should see a " flag as inappropriate " link to report the app to google .
use sms backup and restore assuming those are both android phones and you should not need to deal with a .nef file .
note sure if this question should really been have migrated here . but this is a typical case of a vacuum that we have here . it is not really an android end-user question and on the other hand not a android programming question . anyway it looks like a typical codepage/localisation problem : "&lt ; " on an us layout is " ; " on an german ( and maybe others ) keyboard layout "> " on an us layout is ":" on an german ( and maybe others ) keyboard layout i take a wild guess and say that you develop under microsoft windows , where each windows can have a different keyboard layout . you should see a symbol with the current layout right to the clock in the taskbar , where you can change this . i hope i was able to point you into the right direction .
you might give google calendar sync a try . it is a tiny application which will run on your windows pc and synchronize your outlook calendar with googles calendar , so you will have all your appointments always on your mobile . works like a charm for me , and you will not nitice it is even running .
have you thought about doing this over the air , rather than using a desktop client for the sync ? if you use outlook , presumably your company uses exchange for it is mail servers ? if so , and if they allow exchange active sync , and/or have outlook web access enabled , then you could sync your phone 's mail and calendar directly with them over the air . the built-in mail client can be used to connect directly with exchange , or there are third party alternative exchange clients like touchdown , moxier or k-9 mail
quadrant is not a very good benchmark , beacuse the results vary a lot . try running it four times in a row and you will be surprised . antutu benchmark is much more reliable . do not worry about benchmarks though , they do not tell the whole story on real performance of the device anyway .
if you have an enterprise device then it is likely disabled by your it department to prevent unknown users from accessing the data on the phone . if you need access then you will have to go to the policy administrator to get it unlocked .
the same problem is with my samsung galaxy tab having android gingerbread . i think it is disabled because of security issue . in case of my tablet i tried to change the kernel of my device but in between the process it was switched off accidently and now i can not enable it .
you may have to enable the developer option manually . for this you have to go settings -> about phone , then tap on the build number 7 times . hope that will help :- ) thanks
try connecting a different usb cable or may be restarting a device might help too .
i see you just follow what is here : http://www.addictivetips.com/mobile/enable-adb-usb-drivers-for-nvidia-tegra-based-android-tablets/ i just did the same ( obviously changing the pid and vid numbers as you did and it just worked ! ) tips : 1 ) in the changed . inf file remember leaving an empty line after pasting the code after [ google . ntx86 ] or [ google . ntamd64 ] ; and also after it and the beginning of the next paragraph . 2 ) dont forget the step 5 ; where you must put your vid number ( example : if your vid is 0955 , just put 0x955 ! ! ) and the rest is exactly the same . i am so happy ! it just worked for a excite 10 from toshiba with tegra 3 processor ! ! ! ! = )
one way you can create a custom place in google maps is by putting a name in parentheses after the address . for example , search for "123 4th st ( bob 's place ) " and you will see a place bubble on the map with the name " bob 's place " and the specified address . then you can star that and save it for later .
google maps for android allows storing places/locations by starring them , this should also work for every place on the map , not just places and businesses . long press on the point on the map you want to star the address will load , press it in the upper right corner is a little gray star , select it these stars are also synced on maps . google . com if you are logged in with your account . the star will be named after the nearest address , but it will be exactly at the point you selected .
this is a known " bug " with android ( it is probably intended behavior ) . the language , locale , and related settings are all linked and cannot be changed independently . google apparently decided that people who read italian want to see numbers for dates . i do not believe this was changed in 2.3-gingerbread so i guess there is no fix yet : (
usually , you use a factory-reset to solve a boot-loop -- but it does not cause one . sometimes , a hard-rest ( i.e. . removing the battery for at least 10s ) solves things , as it makes the entire device powerless so nothing can " stick " . in your case , however , none of the two could help : analysis as it turns out , the culprit is a font-package you installed . a little background on that : while " normal apps " get installed into the /data partition , more system-oriented stuff ( font packs , specific frameworks , things changing core system behavior , modded notification bars , and more ) need to reside in the /system partition . now , when it comes to a factory-reset , the /system partition is never touched -- so if things get messed up there , they stay messed-up . as in your case , obviously . so what is the remedy ? you no longer can boot up normally , as your device is stuck in a boot-loop due to some system mismatch . you also cannot help yourself booting into safe-mode to remove the culprit ; while this would work for user-space apps ( which are not run in safe-mode ) , you will not even be able to boot into this mode with a messed-up system . this leaves two things : if you still can boot into recovery-mode , you might be able to undo your changes via adb shell from your computer . but this usually requires a custom recovery ( such as clockworkmod or twrp ) on your device , as stock recovery will not give you the required root access . if you cannot boot into recovery mode , or have no custom rom installed on the device : re-flashing your device-firmware will fix your issue for sure , as that would wipe /system and install everything anew . with a stock-rom this usually also means you lost your root access . flashing in your situation can still be done via either recovery mode ( if you can boot your device into it ) , or fastboot mode ( if your device supports it ; i have read many lg devices need to have the bootloader unlocked to do so ) flashing needed ? you might want to check where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ? for the rom to be flashed . further hopefully helpful links include : fastboot commands for lg android smartphone how to flash lg motion 4g abstract from the latter link : get the official firmware from lg-phones . org kdz_fw_upd_en to be extracted to your pc lg motion .cab firmwares need to be converted to .kdz ( see official lg motion 4g firmware download for details ) msxml.msi needs to be installed to your pc ( ouch , windows only , sorry ) get the usb drivers from lg-phones . org and install it start KDZ_FW_UPD.exe " type " choose cdma choose in " phonemode": emergency click the folder icon and choose the .kdz file that UpTestEX_mod2_marwin.exe just made ( in step 1 ) . click " launch software update " the rest should run automatically . postscriptum i included a bunch of tags into this question . you might want to follow them : click them for questions relevant to the topic better : hover your mouse over it , and follow the revealed ' info ' link to their " tag wiki " . out tag-wikis often include a good description as well as some " first aid " hovering your mouse over them lets you also chose to see . . . the most frequested questions tagged such top users contributing to that topic ( might be helpful to see their profile , as they obviously are " experts " in that area that might reveal further interesting and related questions/answers )
as far as i understand you can not launch an apk with arguments of that sort . the comments on the page you link to seem to indicate that it is not supported on android , as well . i find it odd that the instructions appear to be specifically for chromium if it was meant to work on all webkit browsers .
try <code> wget http://www.blah.com/files.apk </code> in the terminal emulator ( if you are using cyanogenmod , then you probably have busybox , which includes wget ) , you might need root to write to the internal memory , so if you do not have write permission in the current directory , then you might need to type su first .
can you turn on " install from unknown location " in the applications panel ? if so , i keep some apks in my dropbox folder .
you can also use adb to push the file onto your phone .
i am not sure concerning the note-3 specifically , but there are some apps claiming to help you at least parically on this issue : button savior ( root ) home2 shortcut buttonremapper they all have in common that they help you remapping one or more buttons .
i managed to disable it . you need to remove all hangouts updates in google play , then reboot for hangouts to go back to talk , then talk can be disabled in settings -> apps -> all .
install a wakelock detector . wakelocks do not allow your phone to conserve battery life like it is intended to . the detector will tell you which apps to uninstall . something is probably pegging your phone processor or wifi .
it is definitely a valid concern and you should be wary of apps that can record keystrokes with " full internet " privileges . it is best to reach out to the developer of such keyboard app and ask them this question directly . i imagine such a permission would be required for something benign , like downloading language packs ( from within the keyboard app ) or showing ads , for example .
what you are trying to set is the msisdn number on your sim card . this can be quite difficult to do on android . this site has a post detailing how it can be done on various phones ( including non-android ) which if you have access to another device is probably the easiest way . if you do not have access to another device then you could try the myphonenumber app . this is very flaky and only works on certain roms/devices . the other option is to contact your operator as i believe this is something that they can set ota , although most do not seem to know anything about it from my experience .
if you already have a custom recovery ( clockworkmod or twrp ) installed then you should be able to flash the superuser recovery zip which will remove any other binaries/files related to other superuser apps in the process . the supersu app may still be installed but you can un-install that yourself as you would any other app . quote from superuser play store description : manual installation with the recovery zip : recommended if you are having installation issues or are not rooted http://download.clockworkmod.com/superuser/superuser.zip
if you have installed them as system apps , use any root browser and delete apks from /system/apps , else , delete them from /data/app and then install anything you like from play store . do not flash zip or google play updates and any apk of that app will not install . p.s. supersu has uninstall option .
download 360 security . make sure that you are accepting the permission ( do not deny it ) . open 360 security--> apps uninstall--> select system apps--> select super user--> click on uninstall .
i use either ftp ( fastftp on the nexus , cyberduck on the mac ) , or more often , dropbox , which is always running on my desktop , and dropsync pro on the nexus . then files just ' appear ' on the nexus , possibly after a manual sync if i want to use those files before the next dropsync autosync is due ( i keep it infrequent for battery life ) .
i was in the same boat as you for a while . i guess you could use ftp but i was looking for something more . i now use airdroid to transfer files over wi-fi . i have transferred files as big as 10gb and have no complaints . plus it saves messing around with the cable and drivers .
another option would be to use solid explorer pro . check out its " file sharing " option and create a ftp server with password protection . then create its widget on your home screen . now , in your pc > my computer . . . right click in an empty area > add a network location . . . now add that ftp address you created in your tab . this method is highly convenient for you but might give trouble on large file transfers ( due to mtp ) so better use it only with music or photo transfers .
mtp issues , related to drivers . also present on 2012 nexus 7 . i have learned that you are better off using a 3rd party software like wondershare mobile go or moborobo etc to transfer files . other stuff they can do is a bonus . try it , you will like it .
same problem with my nexus 7 ( 2013 ) lte model . i downgraded to jellybean to check if the problem is with the device , or software . turns out that i can copy pictures in jellybean with no error messages . upgraded to kitkat and i am seeing the message again . terrible !
i had the same problem , and it was being caused by the 360 security app . uninstalling that fixed the issue .
seems that what i was looking for was right in front of me . the option " reverse port forwarding " from the article was renamed to " port forwarding " .
free solution : i have had success with a fraction of a drop of water or oil over the lens of the camera on my zte score . it causes bar codes close to the camera to be in focus , and they read reliably . enough to form a convex surface , but not so much that it drops off . the zte score has a smooth back ; i dip my finger in oil and , with the lens aimed up , touch the back of the phone where the lens to put a droplet of oil on it . then i can turn the phone face up ( lens down ) and i can scan bar codes . if the outer surface of your camera lens is not flat , this likely will not work , but it is worked with my zte score and should work with most low-end ( fixed focus ) phones . a clear convex on one side , flat and sticky on the other side piece of plastic would do the trick too ; i recall seeing stick-on rubber feet that would have served well , but have not seen ' em and have not tried that . i got tired of doing this every time i wanted to scan a barcode , and just ordered a macro lens .
( i will address your 2nd edit below . . . ) some cheap camera modules do not include an auto focus feature , i.e. they are fix-focus'ed to infinity . barcode scanners need a near focus though and cannot ( or hardly ) scan the resulting blurry images that result from infinity-focused fix-focus cameras . the only way around this would be to attach a macro lens specifically designed for smartphone cameras ( also works with fix focus ) . search for smartphone macro lens to see some samples . i already tried that once with an older ( also fix-focus ) sony-ericsson xperia x8 and it worked back then .
as i know , if you put set the distance between the phone and the bar code , far enough to there is no need for auto-focus , the phone should recognize it , but in some cases the bar code distance maybe far from the specific rectangle by the app , so will not be recognized , so in this case this situation will differ from phone to another , and btw i had this case in past , and never worked for me .
i have u8160 huawei phone 3mp no auto focus it works just fine and you must have the light coming from the side not from the back because the back light gets interrupted by the phone
i know it is off topic , but the instructions are on the android developer pages here . see the section under " troubleshooting adt installation " . if you are still unable to use eclipse to download the adt plugin as a remote update site , you can download the adt zip file to your local machine and manually install it : download the current adt plugin zip file from the table below ( do not unpack it ) . follow steps 1 and 2 in the default install instructions ( above ) . in the add site dialog , click archive . browse and select the downloaded zip file . enter a name for the local update site ( e . g . , " android plugin" ) in the " name " field . click ok . follow the remaining procedures as listed for default installation above , starting from step 4 . to update your plugin once you have installed using the zip file , you will have to follow these steps again instead of the default update instructions . just download the zip file to a usb drive , follow these instructions and you are good to go !
moto g does not have a gyroscope sensor ( but it has an accelerometer ) that is why moto g did not get the photosphere option . actually panorama does not require a gyroscope . while there are obviously ways to do panoramas without a gyroscope . it looks like they use the same engine as photosphere to do the panoramas . so app also lacks panorama . source thread google camera g+ thread
there are several reasons for this , but it is mainly due to hardware limitations , photosphere and panorama stitch together multiple images at the pixel level and require some pretty processor intensive work . some users also mention that the lack of a gyroscope sensor as a possible reason . i have googled and found at least 3 sources that corroborate this . sorry but it looks like your out of luck . http://www.engadget.com/2014/04/16/google-stock-camera-app-photo-sphere-lens-blur/ https://www.yahoo.com/tech/the-best-features-of-googles-new-android-camera-app-83124330305.html http://www.slashgear.com/moto-g-google-play-edition-hands-on-vs-motorolas-g-15313328/
you can take panorama photos on the motorola moto g , if you use the motorola camera that was preinstalled . there is an option to take a panorama shot when you swipe from left to right in the camera interface . hope this helps .
you need to wait until they release a version that is compatible with android 4.3 . for the mean time , you can try other players like bsplayer or vplayer . they are working with 4.3 . update #1: as of 2013-08-07 , based on gathrawn 's comments , mx player now works with android 4.3
vlc seems to be working fine on my 4.3 update on my nexus .
as geffchang said , vplayer is a good alternative . if you are still looking for mx player , here is the test build , which works perfectly with 4.3 version .
generally , you need to follow the max external sd card size limit . otherwise , your phone might not be able to read the bigger-sized sd card . source : comments on using 64gb card on samsung galaxy note 10.1
you do not type . you scan in barcodes of the numbers you need . see step 6 of this guide for the barcodes . these barcodes can also be found on page 1-21 of the manual .
according to the wikipedia article , all the htc one xl devices fall under the evita model . evita is just the code name for the device . just about every device is initially manufactured with a " codename " . this is more just like an internal name for the device . this could be because they have not decided on a " public brand " for the device yet , or just because they want to call it something else internally . sometimes the codename resides in the model name in the settings -> about phone . but if you have adb access to your device , you can do something like : &gt; adb shell $ getprop  this will dump out all the properties that are configured during the boot process . one of them , probably something like ro.product.device will contain the value evita .
codename : evita afaik , the htc one xl has the codename of evita , and no other was attributed to this model . the xl was introduced into the market just like the htc one x , but with a significant improvement in communications : htc one xl ( te ) &nbsp ; &nbsp ; 4g network ( lte 1800 / 2600 ) pc world australia article : htc one xl review : htc 's one x gets the superfast 4g treatment . is the extra speed worth it ? phone information about the phone : to check you device 's information , you can go to " settings " and select " about phone": if the codename is presented , you should find it on the information provided there . accessing the configuration file : you can use a file manager and navigate to /system/ and open the build.prop file , that contains all the details about your system . locate the lines that start by ro.product to know your device 's model ; brand ; codename ; cpu and manufacturer ( among others ) . references : pdadb .netsearch results for " htc one " that include the devide codename gsm arena - htc one xl : full phone specifications geekaphone . com - htc one xl specifications htc smartphones : htc one xl wikipedia : htc one xl
since the introduction of nfc in android 2.3 gingerbread there has been some basic support for nfc included , such as opening the browser when scanning an nfc tag with an http:// url , opening the phone app with an tel : uri , messaging with an sms : uri , email with an mailto : uri , adding a contact with a vcard tag , etc . since android 4.0 ics , some standard apps and many google apps have been extended with the function to share data via android beam , too . e.g. the current browser url , a displayed contact , the clip url in the youtube app , displayed location in maps , etc . by default also non-nfc apps share their play store url via android beam .
essentially the individual apps do not need to have any understanding of nfc at all , they just respond to one of their standard intents that is been pushed to them by android 's central nfc service . by default , that nfc service handles reading the nfc tag and triggering the relevant intent to pass info on to another app on the device , like the dialler . one very easy way to play around with triggering actions by nfc is using microsoft 's on{x} app ( yes , bizarrely this is a microsoft app that is only available on android ) . as long as you have already got the hardware support , this lets you trigger a whole lot of actions with an nfc tag , with an absolutely minimal amount of simple scripting . see their recent blog entry on nfc for some of what you can do .
no android version natively supports ikev2 yet . but you can install the free and open-source strongswan vpn client that uses ikev2 and runs on android 4 and newer .
unfortunately skype for android is still very flawed and has a lot of issues apart from the one you pointed out . right now the only thing you can do is to go on settings and deactivate the notifications when you are using your pc , and reactivate them when you are away from it . i always keep the vibration deactivated because either if i am using the pc or i am using the phone , that vibration is definitely too loud .
i am not sure this would be helpful , but i love this app called button savior , which provides on-screen access to many of the functions you would find only via hard buttons . you can activate it by a simple swipe , or by pressing a very translucent button that is always on the screen . some of the functions do require that you have rooted your phone , but not all .
as al everett said , the best way would be to just sync your new phone with you google account . but before you do that , make sure you : make sure all contacts in contact book are synced to google , not backup assistant or internal storage . make sure all bookmarks or other web data are synced ( if you use google chrome on android ) make sure all of your pictures and videos are stored on your sd card , and not on your internal storage . optional : you could create a backup of your phone just in case if you need any of your data back . it is better to backup before and not use the backup than do it and need a backup and not have one . just a thought . once you have everything synced to google , then you are all set to sync your new phone with your google account and factory reset your old phone . settings -> privacy -> factory data reset -> yes , i am sure -> yes absolutely sure -> . . . good luck with the new device !
yes ' there is but some apps crashes when they see that they are throttled . xprivacy module for xposed framework and also app settings . search and you will find threads at xda pages .
android already has this kind of sandboxing of apps . each app gets its own data directory ( and optionally another on the sd card ) , and only that app can read that directory . apps can not read other apps ' directories directly . when an app ( such as the gallery ) wants to make its content available to other apps , they can offer an interface for the other apps to use . in fact , there are two kinds of interfaces apps can offer . the first is via the intent mechanism . this is used when you get ( for example ) a " choose image from " dialog , with different apps to choose . the intent mechanism allows the app that owns the image to grant the calling app temporary access to only the image ( s ) you choose this way . the second mechanism is for the app to act as a content provider . the app then acts like a server , allowing other apps to browse and find content , and access it directly without your interaction . when an app acts this way , it is up to the app that owns the content to choose what security mechanism to use . the app might require that the calling app have a particular permission ( even a new permission specially created for this purpose ) . for example , access to contacts is provided this way . only the built-in contacts provider app has direct access to the contacts database . it also acts as a content provider , to allow other apps access , but only if they have the appropriate permission ( such as " read my contacts" ) . so , as you can see , the mechanism you describe - to sandbox apps , and to pass files from one app to another only through the user 's choice - already exists in android . it is way ahead of desktop operating systems in this respect . it is up to apps to use these mechanisms to control the content they own - and there is always going to be a trade-off between granularity of control ( using lots of permissions ) and making things easier for the user to understand ( using fewer permissions ) .
turn power saving off . . . it worked for me . then download cc cleaner , is free .
you could try sentry . it also has a paid version . tired of accidentally leaving your wifi running all day and wearing down your device 's battery ? tired of being home for hours and forgetting to turn on your wifi ? sentry can help ! sentry is a fully automated wifi manager that only requires a simple configuration to start . it packs many features into a simple-to-use application so you do not have to waste any time on setup . sentry operates by cycling your wifi . if it gets a connection or was already turned-on and connected , it remains on , otherwise , it turns the wifi off to save battery . even if sentry is activated you can still manually connect to wifi or turn your wifi without interrupting . sentry can be configured to run in any or all of three ways . first , sentry can be configured to run on a polling interval , e.g. 30 minutes , and check the wifi status periodically . second , sentry can set to check wifi status every time the screen is unlocked . ** last , sentry can be set to run every time the phone boots up . used in conjunction with the other two functions , this can either be used to make sure sentry is always running or to simply check for wifi every time the phone reboots . does sentry running in the background use up my battery life ? nope ! not one bit ! sentry is actually only ever truly running when it is cycling the wifi , which depending on the timeout you set , should not be for much more than a minute , so no , it should not negatively affect your battery life .
some of the norton apps may work , something like the norton task manager . they have useful functions inside their apps . or , just search for " wifi disabler " in google play .
before doing so , i would consider two more things : finding the real cause high wifi usage is not caused by wifi itself ( standby ) , but most likely by another app constantly requesting it to " stay awake " . so first check how to deal with ( orphaned ) wakelocks ? -- which also deals with this . checking your wifi standby policy in settings&rarr ; wireless and networks&rarr ; wifi , when pressing the menu button , an item named " advanced " appears . tap that to go into the advanced settings and check the wifi standby policy . there are 3 options available : always : wifi stays awake even when the display is turned off . useful if you are streaming music . only when connected : only when a power source is connected ( i.e. . the device is charging ) -- as in that case the " battery consumption " usually is not an issue . never : wifi goes to standby as soon as the display is turned off . wifi managing tools if this requirement still is present after thoroughly checking above two points , there are multiple options available in this section -- enough to fill at least a small book . first , there are tools like e.g. juicedefender or greenpower , dealing not only with wifi and mobile networks , but covering a lot more energy saving stuff . other interesting tools might include wifibatt and many others -- just check the related apps on their playstore pages , or use mapsaurus to find similar apps .
i just installed this application called silence . it turns on and off settings based on a schedule . that is exactly what you asked for but like the others i suspect your issue is a run-away app using too much wifi
if the problem is in the kernel driver , as t0mm13b suggests , then only resetting the kernel driver will help . there might be a hacky way to achieve this with rmmod from the command line , if the device is rooted and that driver was built as a module in that rom . i would not recommend it . restarting the phone is probably the only way to reset the driver .
just a follow-up : it appears that the cause of the problem is that the buttons on the circuit board are slightly askew from the actual opening on the case . as a result , when you push down on the volume rocker , it can sometime slide slightly above or below the button on the printed circuit board . when that happens , it misses the button and will not actuate , and also can become jammed in position so that it will not return up . when that happens , you can no longer push the volume up or down until it becomes unjammed . it can become unjammed by jiggling ( a lot ) , but may eventually become jammed again . get the s3 home button and lock button
the problem solved . it would meant to be " home " + " back " + " power " .
you have to place your palm on the side of the screen and cross it to the other side .
hold volume down button and lock button ! you can not take screenshots like on android 2+ . using hand motion feature - for this enable palm swipe to capture feature and swipe your hands above the phone to take a screenshot using swipe option for reference look at the guide on how to take screenshot on samsung galaxy s3 mini
if you are using stovk rom then you can try this . from home 1 . click the menu button and select settings . 2 . select motion . 3 . under hand motion settings , check palm swipe to capture checkbox . just swipe your palm horizontally ( l--> r/r--> l ) over your screen it will capture a screen shot . or hold down the power button and the home button at the same time . ( remember timing is imporatant )
try htc sync manager http://www.theandroidsource.com/my-touch-4g-root-rooting-roms-hacks-overclocking-etc/292-latest-htc-mytouch-4g-sync-driver-download.html https://support.htc.com/alerts_downloads/en/htc_sync_and_sync_manager_for_all_htc_android_phones joslloyd
first , ensure that " usb debugging " option is enabled on your phone by going to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Development . on some devices this option will be grayed out while your phone is connected via usb , so disconnect it first . next step is installing the usb drivers on your computer . assuming you are running windows , the drivers for mytouch 4g should be located on the sd card that came with the phone . look for file named " htcdriver . exe " then copy to your pc and execute it . if you can not find that file , look for the drivers on google . after you successfully install the drivers , download and install the android sdk . pick a folder that is easy to type , such as "C:\AndroidSDK" for example . now open windows command prompt by going to start -> run , typing " cmd " ( without quotes ) and pressing enter . in the command prompt window type in cd C:\AndroidSDK\platform-tools and press enter . connect your mt4g to the pc via usb , and in the command prompt type in adb devices and press enter . if everything was correctly installed you should see messages like these : * daemon not running . starting it now on port 5037 * * daemon started successfully * list of devices attached xxxxxxxxxxx device where " xxxxxxxxxx " is a combination of letters and numbers , signifying your phone 's id . this means adb is seeing your phone , and you can now issue commands to it .
music playerpro has that feature . but it is a paid app . i tried many free ones , ( poweramp , winamp , cube , double twist , mixzing . . . ) none have that feature ! note 1: meridian ( free ) can search using composers ( it calls it writers ) . note 2: there is an issue-ticket related to this open in the android issue tracker . so this may be fixed in stock players in future .
i know this is an old thread , but gonemad works . poweramp and playerpro do not .
poweramp is not free , i guess you should give shazam a try , it is paid but it is one of the best , it even listens to music if there is any around you and try to recognize giving you the track name , artist , . . . . etc , also it searches by album artist .
i am a huge fan of isyncr . it syncs to itunes , so if you are coming from an iphone you can use the playlists you already created . what sealed the deal for me was the fact that isyncr syncs play counts and ratings back to itunes . not to mention the fact that you can sync over wi-fi or sync via usb cable . edit : i see you are asking about syncing without itunes , but if all your music is already there isyncr will work .
google music -your can upload your music files from your computer to google music cloud storage . then the uploaded music is automatically available in your android device and also you can listen to those music in web interface . you can upload up to 20,000 songs . the problem is that your have to use google music player in your android phone and the uploaded music will not be available if you use other players . and also this service is not available in all countries as of now . media monkey music player . it recognizes almost any android devices . you can configure it to automatically sync media files from computer to phone whenever you connect your phone through usb cable . i use it for syncing my music to galaxy nexus with android 4.2.1 . i tried multiple players including windows media player but this one seems to working well .
i would try out google music . it will be the most native with your device , and gets relatively close to syncing , in theory . the first thing you will have to do is go to the google music homepage and download the music manager tool . once downloaded , you tell the music manager where your music is on your computer , and it uploads it all to the cloud ! this music becomes visible as soon as you log into play music on your phone with the gmail account that you used to set up google music on your computer . then whatever music is placed on your computer in your music folders is accessible at music . google . com and on all of your android devices . the difference is , your music does not actually sync to your phone , but is streamed when you choose it on your mobile device . this can be slightly modified by selecting an album or such on your device , clicking the little expansion arrow ( usually at the bottom right of the item ) , and choosing the Offline music option ( it has a picture of a pin next to it ) . your phone will then download this music so it does not have to be streamed to play later . you would have to do this with all of the music you do not wish to stream , but if you have a decent internet connection , streaming is very much a viable option . and saves tons of space on your phone ! hope this helps !
if you want to use google music you will need to upload your itunes m4p music to google music . however , google music only supports . mp3 , . m4a , . wma , . flac and . ogg files . and drm-ed m4p music is not supported . in order to upload m4p to google music , you need do a conversion first . since itunes m4p music are protected by apple 's drm , you cannot use a common audio converter to convert m4p to google music supported mp3 . what you need is an all-in-one drm converter that can both remove drm protection from m4p and convert m4p to mp3 for google music . aimersoft is taken as the best choice to help you transfer itunes m4p to google music . with it , you can legally strip drm protection from m4p files and convert it to mp3 . in addition , it can convert audio files that are not supported by google music like . wav and . aiff . now download it and follow the steps below to convert itunes music for google music . http://www.aimersoft.com/drm-media-converter.html how to convert m4p to google music supported mp3 add m4p files after downloading the drm converter , install and launch it . the main interface is as below . you can either click the " add . . . " button to add m4p music files of directly drag the files to the main interface . as you can see , you can also add video files to convert . specify mp3 as the output format then you can click " audio files to " and select " mp3" as the output format . note that google music prefer mp3 with 320kbps bitrate . here you can click " settings " and choose the bitrate as 320kbps . start converting m4p to google music mp3 when all the settings are ok , click the " start " button on the main interface to start the conversion . when the conversion finishes , you can tap " find target " to access to the converted drm-free mp3 files . then you can upload them to google music as you like . apart from that : why not utilize what you already have - especially if that itunes list is big . here are 2 alternatives : tunesync allows you to sync your itunes playlist and songs with your android device . it copies the unprotected music to your sd card and creates playlists that match your itunes playlists . tunesync does this all over your wifi connection . there is no need to connect your android device to your pc or apple mac . see its home page for tutorial setup http://tunesync.com/ google play store link : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.highwindsoftware.tunesync i think a better alternative to what you might consider is to use winamp ( for mac ) : winamp ( for mac ) can take any existing itunes playlist ( which is what you already have ) and sync it directly to an android device without jumping through any other hoops . features : wireless and wired sync with an android phone , requires winamp for android one-click music and playlist import from itunes and mac desktop keep winamp updated automatically with watch folders and itunes library sync play local files , create playlists , and manage playback with a play queue window instructions download and install winamp ( link depending on pc or mac ) http://www.winamp.com/ http://www.winamp.com/mac launch winamp and you will be prompted to add media to winamp library . select " import from itunes " . this will import all of your music in your itunes library into the winamp media library . click " library-> import itunes media library " in the bottom left-hand corner of the player . sync the playlist to your android phone connected to mac or pc previously . other than serving as an easy way to sync itunes to android , it also makes for a decent desktop music player .
may be the app is not recognizing the location of the backup . do the following and see if that works remove all the backup files from the new samsung captivate now , from captivate do a titanium backup , it will create a backup folder with backed up apps . then , copy all old backup files from htc to that location . try titanium backup again , this might show all the backed up apps now . hope that works . good luck :- )
hossain is actually correct , but you do not need to go through that process to find the location . the captivate has internal sd storage separate from the main phone storage and the external sd card . as such , the external sd card is mounted at /mnt/sdcard/external_sd/ rather than just /mnt/sdcard/ . so you just need to copy the TitaniumBackup folder from that first path to the second , since that is where titanium is looking . edit or , as saiboogu notes below , you can change the directory used by tb . when you move apps to sd they go on the external sd card , but almost everything else uses the internal sd . you will find that photos , downloaded files , and so on go there .
i do not know why it happened , but a good way to prevent it from happening again is to set your contacts to sync with your google account . this way whenever you add a new contact , it will be uploaded , and if the phone loses your contacts again , you probably will not even notice it , as they will be automatically downloaded back to your phone .
the official froyo release for the htc desire seems to be imminent . though since it is already been over three weeks since they said it would come within the next two , you might have better luck with an unofficial rom .
i just got the update notification ( unbranded desire , germany ) . so the answer to " when " is : now .
the initial leaked information was " late june " , but this turned out to be incorrect . htc have released a full statement now stating that the upgrade will be during q3 ( so anytime between now and the end of september ) . see this techradar article for more information .
here is a good article about putting a custom 2.2 on your htc desire , i have heard first hand reports that it worked .
the answer is in the browser settings . in the default browser , this is found in Menu | More | Settings | Default Zoom . options are " medium " ( the default ) , " far " , and " close " .
one way is to use another app to manage your dropbox that enables this functionality . i use astro file manager to generally manage the files on my device and this can also link directly to your dropbox , google drive , skydrive , etc . astro gives you the additional option to " open as " , from which you can choose text , audio , image or video . select " text " and you get the usual list of apps that can open text files , including the db text editor . update : unfortunately there appears to be a limit to how many files astro fm is able to retrieve from a dropbox folder . somewhere between 1,000 and 1,100 files i get a " connection failed - could not establish a connection to dropbox " message when trying to browse the folder . 1,000 files ( exactly ) seems to be ok . there is no such limit with ordinary folders on the device .
currently the official dropbox app can open a file which has no extension with external editor . ( i prefer vimtouch )
i just had this happen to me . seeing your answer , moskie , i carefully removed the apps one at a time from the application switcher by sliding them to the right , testing between each one . for me , pressing home from the web browser caused my screen to do a slow flaah , opening the apps menu made it go bright and stay bright . the app that caused the trouble ? camera .
strange , i have never heard of something like that , it must be an app which are causing it . . . anything you have installed recently ? i would try and remove some of the recent installed apps , and see if that works , or make a reset of the phone . . if it still happens after a reset , then it is a hardware issue , and you should talk with those who sold it to you . . .
i ended up closing all running apps using the application switcher . that seemed to do the trick . i am not sure which one was causing the problem , though .
there is an app called screen filter , which i use to use my mobile during night . even when the brightness is at its lowest value , the screen is still bright enough during night to disturb others and hurt my own eyes when reading for long time . this app enables me to reduce the brightness even further the lowest limit . though this does not neither help you to automatically adjust the brightness nor solve the random sudden increase of brightness . but still i posted this as it might help you or others if the lowest brightness is still not low enough .
i just discovered i was barking to the wrong tree , it is not the os fault is a wrong choice for hardware design ( obviously driven by economic factors ) . since the operating system is taking most of the 512 or 570mb of my phone 's internal memory i am left with the dribbling of moving apps from the phone to the sd card . i just checked other manufacturers ' phones and they come with 1-16gb of internal memory or even more ! ( samsung 's galaxy s ii ) , sd card is effectively just an external/supplementary storage . with more internal memory available there is no need to move application anymore . thanks for your comments .
i can only speculate , as this is something that can really only be answered by an android engineer , but off the top of my head i can think of a few reasons they might have decided on this : it is less confusing for end users , since i certainly would not expect apps to magically show up on my sd card after i install them ( especially for users coming from versions of android prior to 2.2 , when this feature did not exist yet ) . it allows the user to manage their storage however they see fit , which can be relevant in some cases since you can not access sd apps when your external storage is unmounted . maybe i do not want some apps on my sd card because i always want to access them , but android has no way of inferring this , really . otherwise you might unexpectedly be unable to use an app you wanted because you did not know it was on the external storage . many apps can not be installed to the sd card , so how do you handle a situation where you want to install an app that must be on internal storage but it will not fit ? do you arbitrarily bump another app onto the sd card instead ? what if that is not what the user wants ( like above ) ? it could get a little sticky . some apps , confusingly , allow you to move them to your external storage despite the fact that it breaks certain features . pandora , notably , could be moved to external storage even though it breaks the widget ( i do not know if it still allows this ) . how do you handle that situation ? do you forcibly move it anyway , possibly breaking the user 's widget ?
you can not without deleting your google account from your phone as far as i am aware . you can do this in your phone settings . why would you want to though ? if you are concerned about people seeing or using your email , set a pin or pattern lock on your phone . alternatively , remove your google account completely and use google 's web based versions of gmail , etc . all of those you can log into and out of at will - obviously a lot less convenient though .
seems to work for me -- here 's what i see : ( click image to enlarge )
yes , for non-free apps there is a minimum price for each supported currency . as i noticed this morning when adjusting the price of one of my apps , these minimum prices are not exactly equivalent across currencies ( and even if they were , they would drift over time due to exchange rate fluctuations ) . for example , i set the new price of my app at $0.99 for the us and the roughly equivalent price of 0.59 for the uk . however , i could not set such low prices for scandinavian countries or japan because the minimums were higher ( the japanese minimum is 99 yen , which is roughly 0.71 / us$1.16 at today 's rates ) . the full list of minimum and maximum prices is here . at current rates it seems that the cheapest possible non-free app would cost 0.50 ( approximately us$0.72 ) .
expanding on bryan 's previous answer , yes , there is a minimum limit on an app price : $0 ( free ) :- ) kidding aside , for non-free apps , there is a minimum limit for paid apps on the android market , and that minimum is based on the currency and location where the app is offered . for instance , a paid app offered in denmark must currently be listed for no less than 6 krone . these minimums may adjust over time to reflect fluctuations in currency value . the android market is not the only source for paid apps , however , and each app vendor may utilize unique policies for app pricing . in general , however , you will find that each vendor has some minimum limit set that will cover the costs of transaction fees .
in the android market , the minimum price is $0.99 . if i try to set my app any lower , it says i must set it to at least $0.99 .
if it is " bricked " you may still be able to run the manufacturer flash utility to start over . it seems very odd that is would be bricked by installing an android app , though . can you run adb uninstall id.of.app when it boots up ?
to do the hard reset here is the step : > set the volume into its maximum level > hold the power button for about 40 50 seconds > wait until the pop-up window appears > the release > control up the volume to select factory reset > then continue the process until you finished
since this is getting inactive for so long and no one seems to know the solution . then i guess i will bring my phone to where i bought it and face the consequences of my actions haha ! if they can not fix it , then no one can . lol cheers , guise !
try clearing the data for the market and rebooting the phone . then log in to the market , wait a minute , then back out and continue using your phone with the internet connection active . hopefully the market should update itself within a few minutes . or , you can just download and install the . apk . i rely on android police for the latest version ; they have posted 3.9.16 here .
one option is using ruus . a few google searches should get you going . another is flashable stock rom zips . a few searches in the xda developers forum for that device should put you in track .
there are many pc apps that will do this . you could simply plug your phone into your computer , mount the sd card , and configure the app to search the sd card . i have not tried this myself , but i found an app on the market called droiid3tagger that appears to automatically tag mp3s . there are plenty of others that allow you to edit the tags manually .
first , try to decrypt the encrypted vault on your pc/mac using other encryption software ( presuming , you have its password and encryption key ) . the encrypted vaults are generally universally compatible , but not necessarily . if it does not work for you , setup an android emulator ( virtual android phone ) using android sdk . enable android market in it . install supervault and dropbox using market . use dropbox to download vault file in its virtual sdcard . decrypt files and withdraw them using dropbox .
i have ported emacs to android . ( google play , github ) it does not draw ui like linux x11 version , but uses modified android terminal emulator .
not emacs , but terminal ide has vim , and quite a few unix commands .
as of august 7th 2012 , there is now a port of emacs for the android in the google play market . it is simply called " emacs " . it was just released aug 7th ( 5 days ago from this answer ) and is sort of buggy still . but it is indeed a full featured port of the favorite of many " emacs " . it will sure please , any user that has a love for emacs . hopefully the dev will release the source code and many can help to contribute . i think its wonderful . the link to the android market for emacs can be found here : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.zielm.emacsfeature=search_result#?t=w251bgwsmswyldesimnvbs56awvsbs5lbwfjcyjd hopefully you have not given up your interest by now . ; ) not sure if i should make this a " community wiki " post or not , as i have never used this feature before . but if a user believes that is the right action , please feel free to do so . despite this posts age , i have ran into it before on my search for emacs port on android , so this information may be useful to others in their search as well . so i felt the proper action was to show that emacs has indeed been ported recently .
following the instructions of the android app ubuntu installer free results in an arm ubuntu image which is easily mountable via a terminal emulator . mounting that image results in all the standard ubuntu command line applications being accessible , including emacs . ubuntu installer free requires root ( which i am ok with ) . this is not my ideal solution , but it does result in being able to run emacs on android . it also provides the side benefit of other unix tools , such as all the bash tools and gcc . in theory , one could accomplish my ideal solution by tracing the dependencies of emacs , and pulling the emacs executable and all dependencies out of the image and dropping them into a bin folder directly on the android filesystem .
from what i understand , it is not possible ( at the time of writing this ) , since almost all the dependencies that are required for emacs to run do not exist on the android system . then , even if you got all the dependencies to compile for arm and android kernel , it would take longer to start up emacs then it would to ssh in to another machine that has emacs available . if you want to try , you can look at this site that explains what you need to do to compile linux binaries for the android devices . and here is how you build emacs .
if the device is unusually slow , or other apps get closed too , i would expect it is a memory shortage problem . some other service/app/proces ( possibly part of the system ) , unrelated to maps , uses so much main memory that that there is not enough memory available at the time you run maps , and the system needs to kill an app to free memory , and decides to kill maps . it this is the case , the problem would be somewhere else , and maps in itself could run fine .
in app updates ( host files etc ) : basically because you are in an arms race agains the advertising / app developers . the developers want you to see the advertising , as this is one of their sources of income . they are also aware of ad-block , adaway , adfree etc etc and are constantly trying new advertisers , new proxies and new methods of embedding the adverts in your application , website etc . in order to keep the adverts blocked , the application needs to update the host files and lists of blocked sites , proxies etc to keep functioning correctly . there should be a ' check for updates daily ' option , there definitely is in adfree android ( well recommended ) which you could use as an alternative to adblock plus . by default most of these programs seem to check for updates when the device is rebooted from scratch , and have a daily / weekly or such checkin also . you could go to Settings &gt; Applications &gt; AdBlock and disable notifications also . you could , i gues , just dismiss the notifcation when it arrives , and update whenever suits you . leaving it go does mean adverts will start to creep back in over time , however . updates to the app itself : if the actual application ( i.e. . the apk ) itself has very regular updates then either the application needs to update to keep ahead of the advertising , which seems to be to be a bit of a flaw , or it is ( as you said ) in beta stages and needs constant tweaking . alternatively with so many new devices coming online , and kitkat released it may need all this fixing to ensure compatability . the simplest solution for either scenario , to my mind , is to get adfree android or similar and not worry about this at all !
media-button-router , already mentioned in one of your linked questions , tries to figure out what app is currently playing music and to dispatch the avrcp events to it . in addition , it lists all apps installed , that declare to listen to avrcp events . what makes avrcp complicated : some apps , like sony 's music unlimited , seem not to declare android.intent.action.MEDIA_BUTTON in their manifest . for this ( or maybe some other ) reason they can not be controlled via media-button-router . i know that e.g. music unlimited can be controlled via avrcp since i read it in a user comment and also i was able to get it running once but unfortunately it is not reproducable . so in those cases it seems that we have to wait for an app 's update with a clean implementation of avrcp event handling . according to media-button-router 's wiki " media button intent handling is done through ordered broadcasts , and each app sets it is own priority for receiving . " so maybe it could be possible to write an app that displays theese priorities and , in effect , would allow you to determine what application will start . however , i do not know about such an app .
if you are sure that the bluetooth device works perfect with other devices , and you have tested with stock- and custom-rom . then you have only got one option left , deliver your smartphone for repair/guarantee .
seems to have been a common problem with plantronics pro voyager series headsets , not specific to android .
android market has avim editor ( vi/vim ) . it is not free and has some poor reviews .
you could use the busybox version of vi . if you are rooted then you can get it from the market and it will install pretty trivially ( example ) . then you had just need to execute vi from a terminal and you are good to go . i do not know of any installers that do not require root , but there may be one floating around somewhere that will install to /data/local or something . alternatively , you can do it the " manual " way . the following should work fine on an unrooted phone : download a buxybox binary or build it yourself ( here 's a copy of 1.16.0 hosted on cyanogenmod 's wiki ) . copy the binary over to /data/local somehow . adb is easy if you have it set up - just connect your tablet and use : adb push /path/to/busybox /data/local . you could also put it on your sd card and then move it with a file manager . you may need to use chmod to make it executable , which can be done from either a terminal emulator or an adb shell - chmod 0755 /data/local/busybox should suffice . execute vi from a terminal with /data/local/busybox vi . of course , if you just want any ol ' editor you do not have to use vi . there are a bunch in the market .
press the tab then hit enter that works for me
this behaviour depends on the application you use , and so , on the way developer ( s ) programmed their applications . the application may provide an option to use enter as send , but if it does not , then i think you can not do much about this . . .
have you tried external keyboard helper pro ? that lets you make customised keymaps : i use it to kill the caps lock key on my microsoft wedge keyboard . but if the application does recognise any keystroke as " send " then ekh will let you map it to the key of your choice .
so , even though fring supports skype calls , skype will not have any of it . skype blocks calls from fring now , so the mobile app no longer includes that functionality . however , there is a skype for android app . . . update : and , now the skype app is available for everyone except those in china and japan .
skype has blocked fring from using it is services . for more info see http://www.fring.com/blog/?p=2322
as long as you have gps switched on on your phone ( on a galaxy s the easiest way to do this is from the buttons that appear when you pull the notification bar down from the top of the screen ) and have gps switched on in the camera , you should see the " satellite receiver " gps icon appear and start flashing when you open the camera app . as long as you see this then your phone is trying to geo-tag your pictures . be aware that even in the best of conditions your phone can take 30 seconds or more to get a decent gps position locked , so wait a bit after you open the camera app before you take the picture . you can also speed up the gps lock by making sure that you have the assisted gps features switched on , see this previous question for details on how to switch those features on .
you can install the application tasker and use it to always enable gps when the camera is launched . enabling gps for apps that need it is one of the more common uses of tasker , but it does so much more than that . here 's an article with information : http://lifehacker.com/5599116/how-to-turn-your-android-phone-into-a-fully+automated-superphone
once i tested my location based android app while developing , i noticed it can take forever to get a location , when gps is on . when just ' location through network ' enabled , the location comes within seconds . use this anwer , when the answer of gathrawn doesnt satisfy you .
as @geffchang said , disabling animations in developer options is right way
com.android.keyguard runs your lockscreen , home button , and a few other things i can not remember . it is an integral part of android . do not remove it .
never ever remove or freeze a system processes . if it begins with com . android do not touch it .
if you disable/freeze com . android . keyguard , your device 's home button will stop working until you enable/unfreeze it . this process keeps running all the time , but it is not a battery drainer so do not worry and do not disable it .
from what i looked up , the karbonn s1 titanium does not support otg . according to http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/snapdragon_(system_on_chip)#snapdragon_s4 the karbonn s1 titanium , is a msm8625q chipset . which does not support otg http://www.qualcomm.com/snapdragon/processors/s4/specs
are you using the headphones that came with the phone ? if not that could be why . even if they are genuine apple earpods or beats - it looks as though the main issue is the middle button in the headphone is stuck while pressed in .
so this has to do with the 3.5mm audio port on thje device . with special headphones ( the ones with controls on the wire ) this feature gives you the ability to voice search without taking out the device . but for you ( and me ) it just bugs out . basically the male headphone port is brushing up against the designated special area on the female port ( top kek ) and giving it the signal to do whatever ( google now , modify volume , ect ) you cant fix it as of now , but if the device is in sleep mode or whatever google now wont open , and poweramp has an option to disable volume modification . and thats about it .
first , make sure adbd is running as root : adb root if you get an error that says something like " unable to run as root on production builds " it means that you must always issue su command in the adb shell to gain superuser privileges . you will need to enter the shell before any mount commands will work . you will need to push the file to the sd card , then mount /system partition as read-write , and then copy the file to the /xbin directory like so :
try azilink (http://code.google.com/p/azilink/). you will need to do a little setup on your ubuntu machine in addition to loading the app on your droid , but it will work without requiring you to root your droid . this is a usb tethering solution that i have used in the past with my ubuntu netbook to great success .
recycling an answer from a recent duplicate . easy tether from mobile stream should work . it is a way to share your internet connection with another device via usb . get the lite version ( does not support https , or tethering to gaming consoles ) or the full version . supports windows 7/vista/xp ( 32-bit and 64-bit ) , mac os x 10.7/10.6/10.5/10.4 , ubuntu 10.4+ and fedora 13+ full version supports the following : tether ps3 , wii , xbox via pc internet connection sharing , you need a computer for game console tethering .
i used this modified version of proxoid for quite a while . you need to set up the android developer kit first , and follow the instructions on the proxoid website on how to enable it .
i figured out that if i disable 802.11n mode and just leave b/g enabled , then my phone works on wifi just fine . it seems that there was an issue using 802.11n on my phone . i do not yet know if the issue was my ap or my phone , but i guess i will need to find a way to disable 802.11n on froyo .
normally there're four reasons for default apps to reset . you install an app that can handle that intent . you uninstall an app that can handle that intent . you update an app that can handle that intent . the app is on the sdcard and you rebooted/mounted it on a pc . the fourth is commonly overlooked . without source level changes this can not be modified .
it is all possible , but it is is going to depend a lot on the particular tablet you buy . i can tell you right now that pdanet is not going to work android to android . i emailed them about this and that was their answer . bluetooth tether is possible and again is going to depend on the device . all the archos gen 8 tablets have bt tethering capability ( to use your phones internet ) baked into the stock os , however , people are getting mixed results ( by and large , this seems to be the most successful way to do it ) . they had usb tether ( also to use your phones internet ) but then removed it , but it is possible , it must may require some hacking . as far as rooting and using the wifi tether , again this is possible but people are also getting mixed results with this , myself included . i am rooted and use wireless tether but my archos 70 can not see the connection because all of the wireless tether apps create an ad hoc network and android supposedly does not support ad hoc . from what i have been told in other forums i just need to experiment with other kernels . if you have one of the phones with " hotspot " capability and you pay for it through your service provider that signal is discoverable because it is an actual ap and not ad hoc . long story short , it is possible , but there is no sure bet . before you buy , go to the forums for the particular tablet your interested in and read up on what it takes to get the tethering going .
turns out that it is possible with a stock ( unrooted ) android 3.0 tablet and a rooted android phone , using android-wifi-tether and bluetooth tethering . details here : http://www.droid-life.com/2011/03/01/how-to-bluetooth-tether-to-motorola-xoom-using-original-droid/
some keyboards have a kind of " blacklist " for bad/insulting words . check if you can find that option in settings &rarr ; language and input , where you should be able to disable it . i know for sure there is such an option for voice input ( "block insults " in settings &rarr ; voice input and output &rarr ; voice recognizer settings ) , but i am not sure whether that option also applies to keyboard input .
i have a nexus 4 from t-mobile , the google one , with android 4.2.2 . i have been noticing this same problem , and the fix i found was to go to settings -> language and input -> then press the settings icon next to the " google keyboard ( english , u.s. ) " option -> then deselect " block offensive words . " before i figured this out , however , i spent quite a lot of time painstakingly adding each swear word and each of their various iterations and conjugations to my personal dictionary ( both under ' phrase ' and ' shortcut' ) , so this may have helped somewhat for my fix . i can now swype swear words , although often times it is not the automatically recognized word , and i have to manually select it from the list of other possibilities that comes up . i suspect that as i type the swear words more often it will begin to use them by default . as for the voice-to-text options , i do not really know how to fix it , because i rarely use it , however i would suggest trying the same thing ( i.e. . finding it under ' settings ' and deselecting ' block offensive words , ' or some similar option ) . hope this helps !
i what i will call a workaround for the present , as it is not a simple solution as allowing offensive words in voice typing , but it has the same final affect : under settings , choose Language &amp; Input choose Personal Dictionary click the plus ( + ) button in the top right enter the " offensive word " under the Phrase and Shortcut spaces click the back button ( system or top left ) enjoy your custom swipable profanity
there is an app called boot manager ( paid | free ) which will allow you to install multiple roms on your device . you select the rom you wish to use whilst in the main os and the application modifies the boot mechanism to point at the specific rom . it is only available for some devices though , i know that samsung phones are definitely supported .
well , now the phone can find the signal fine after a few days . i did nothing different . however , i had taken many steps beforehand , such as updating the firmware , prl and profile , restarting the phone , restarting the cable and router . none of those actions worked , however just waiting a few days seemed to resolve it . this is not much of an " answer " , but i am keeping the question and answer so that if anyone else has troubles , maybe theirs will also be resolved by " just waiting " .
iirc you can not put an wireless interface in promiscuous mode when it is used . but this may not be true for all interfaces/chipsets/drivers . you can install shark for root , which is a cut-down wireshark for android . it does sniff on layer 2 and above without promiscuous mode , so the results are not the same as sniffing with e.g. kismet . on the other hand you will be able to capture traffic even when tethered . it is maybe possible to set promiscuous mode on some android interfaces . shark for root should then be able to capture all packets that your w-lan antenna receives .
you can not monitor your wi-fi network using tethering even if android supports promiscuous mode for the wi-fi chipset . reason : tethering does nat internally and assigns you an ip in a 192.168 . * private range via a dhcp daemon running on your phone . there is no way you can see pure wi-fi traffic this way . what you can do : have a custom firmware installed ( e . g . cyanogenmod ) and do a tcpdump on your phone itself ( if it supports both promisc mode and tcpdump )
if you have one of the supported phone models : there is an app called voodoo sound . voodoo sound in google 's play store downside : requires a custom kernel , only for supported phones ( see description in market ) the paid app comes without a requirement for a custom kernel ( but needs root ) voodoo sound plus both replace the audio codec 's driver and allow fine tuning and to turn on formerly unused chip features ( see description ) .
after some digging into google , i came across a software called backuptrans . the features listed include transfer sms between android and iphone , save sms from android/iphone onto local database on computer , restore sms from local database to android/iphone and many more . i do not have an iphone to check this software . this seems pretty good . the work steps are as simple as importing from iphone to the computer and exporting to the android device . more details with screenshots can be found here the only downer for this solution is that you have to pay some cash ( a minimum of $29.95 ) to use it fully . since you are not comfortable with isms2droid ( iphone sms import ) , this seems to be the best option available . on an additional note , isms2droid is worth trying before you buy backuptrans .
what you are most likely look for is called " factory reset " . as the name suggests , a " factory reset " is supposed to reset the device to its original state , as it was delivered by the factory . what in fact is done by a factory reset is to wipe all user-installed apps and all user data ( for the latter , except data stored on sdcard ) . this can be done either from within the system menu ( look for the entry with the " fence " symbol , it is labeled something with " privacy" ) -- or using the hardware buttons , as described at hard-reset.com: switch off your phone press and hold volume-up and home buttons press the power button for 2-3 seconds release only power button , but keep pressing volume up + home buttons with volume down select wipe data/factory reset ( 3rd ) > press power there is no need to re-install any firmware . the system resides on its own ( read-only ) partition , which is not touched by this process . having followed above steps , your phone should then boot in a clean state . do not worry if the first boot after that takes a bit longer -- that is fully normal . also this does not void your warranty , as these steps would also be recommended by the service hotline if your device went nuts , and they want to eliminate the cause of misconfiguration or misbehaving ( user-installed ) apps . for a reference , you might also want to take a look at the question do a total wipe of my device .
the expected behaviour has to be provided by the application rather than not from android services . i have not used rmaps , but i use trekbuddy which also uses offline map tiles created by mobac . the working nature of the mobac and hence these apps which depends on mobac does provide offline map tile in layers . either zoom level can be stored in a layer or different map types like satellite image , terrain , normal map etc can be in stored in each layer . when i create offline maps i create them in various zoom levels say ( from 15 to 10 ) each in seperate layer as shown : the apps like rmaps and trekbuddy shows only one layer at a time . to simulate zooming , one has to load the layer with higher zoom level . say for example , if i am presently viewing a map in zoom level 10 , in order to zoom , i should load layer for zoom level 11 or higher . to ease this operation , trekbuddy has a feature called easy zoom , with which ( once configured properly ) , once can zoom with volume rocker keys . pressing volume up will zoom up and pressing volume down will zoom down . however as expected this feature intervened with actual volume up and down feature and hence it was reported to work in few phones only ( not working in mine - a lg optimus one running andorid 2.3.3/cm10 ) .
yes , there is no reason you could not do this on android . but you had have to modify the app to generate the scaled tiles on-the-fly : it would certainly be fast enough on a recent phone with a good gpu . i do not believe there is already an app that does this : satellite maps are so large that wanting to use them offline is an unusual use case .
there are multiple things to be considered . first , you are absolutely correct : you should avoid restoring system apps . there might be some exceptions ( as e.g. sms , contacts , calendars are maintained by system apps as well ) , but let 's postpone that for now . second , user-apps should be safe to restore , including their data . third , just to be sure , before restoring anything on a different rom/device , you should take some pre-cautions : go to tibu ' s settings , watch out for the " troubleshooting " section , and enable " migration mode " as well as " use system sqlite " ( this combination saved my day more than once ) . while in " normal mode " e.g. sqlite databases would be simply replaced ( which might cause the " owning app " to crash if the structure had changed ) , with " migration mode " tibu attempts to only merge the data . forth , with above precautions taken , you could carefully try to even restore some of the relevant data ( sms , wifi aps , etc . ) . to be on the absolutely safe side , a dedicated backup app for sms etc . would be the better idea ; contacts e.g. could be synced via google or exported to .vcf using the contacts app itself , similarly calendars ( sync or save to .ics using a 3 rd party app ) . last , just in case and to be on the sfe side : restore your apps/data one by one , and check for possible side-effects in between ; continue with the resp . " next app " only when you are sure everything is fine . once running into trouble , remember which app that was ; then factory-reset and restore all up to where you got allright ( in case it was a system-app ) or simply uninstall the troublemaker ( in case of an user-app ) , skip the " trouble app " , and continue carefully with the next . after-thoughts from the comments : the above applies to system apps and user-apps ( the " one-by-one " especially applies to system apps , as you cannot uninstall them it something fails ; though in most cases it suffices to " delete data " for the affected app in settingsapps  if you still can go there , that is ) the above applies as well when restoring a backup on a different device ( as basically , that can be called a " different rom " as well , right ? ) possible side-effects might include force-close-loops of the affected app , even on device start  which again would require a factory-reset if it was a system app ( or a user-app which wants to start at boot ) . with some luck , a start in safe-mode is possible in those cases , and you might be able solving the issue from there . example case for a failed restore ( from my own experience ) : i once restored the sms from a different rom ( did not know about the migration option then ) . results were i could not open the sms app at all ( force-close ) . other apps accessing the same database crashed when trying to do so ( e . g . contacts ) . " delete data " did not solve it back then , so i had to factory-reset . worst cases ( at least if you left out system apps themselves ; their data is ok ) are always solved by a factory-reset . really worst-case ( you restored some system apps and broke it ) is solved by re-flashing the rom .
as things stand handcent would fulfill all your criteria save the last one . in any case , ads are shown only in the options screen - never in the message list or conversation view . if you are rooted , you can use adfree to try to eliminate them .
you have go into the settings then enable video calling .
the official skype app currently does not support video on nvidia tegra 2 chipsets , according to their faq : * this specifically does not include some tablets that use the tegra 2 chipset ( e . g . android tablets and motorola atrix do not support video calling ) . from what i read on various forums , a test version that does work on honeycomb tablets sporting tegra 2 has been seen floating around in youtube videos , so it should be coming to official channels shortly .
you could turn on " usb tethering " , then run some media server like vlc carefully configured with rtsp streaming on your local server . then open up the stock browser on android , type in your local ip ( prefixed with rtsp:// protocol instead of http ) of the pc followed by the port number as set in vlc or equivalent . the android media player should launch if all is set and should start to play the video . the local ip must be the ip of the pc running vlc or equivalent media server . you will need to find it through right clicking the active lan connection ( of usb tether ) > status > " ip address : " . . do disable firewalls or add exclusions appropriately for this to work , also , set the vlc with proper video transcoding format that your android can play . warning : you might want to disable data pack when enabling the usb tether to avoid incurring unwanted costs .
i think the answer here is " in all practicability , no . " one hypothetical alternative would be usb host support , and to mount an external hard drive or thumb drive onto your phone . this would mean doing something like this , how to mount external hard drive to your xoom . this seems impractical and potentially dangerous ( who knows if that otg cable might cause a short ) . the sgs may not even recognize the cable , or the drive , and the apk may not work with your phone . that is the best answer i have on actually connecting via usb to a storage location . actual streaming from a pc via the usb port , though ? even if there were a way , it would probably require extensive work on both the phone and the computer . would not a better ( and way easier ) solution be to buy a wireless usb adapter and set it to ad-hoc mode and ssid non-broadcast ? just a thought .
android only supports proxies in android 4.0+ . in android 2.3 or below i recommend you use the proxydroid app to use the proxy . this app supports authenticated proxies but needs root access . the reason you have a proxy setting could be due to additions by your device manufacturer .
are you running a custom rom ? i know that in cyanogenmod you can choose to keep the slide to unlock screen and then your unlock pattern . that is the way mine is set up . to turn this off ( in cyanogenmod 7 's case ) follow these steps go to settings tap cyanogenmod settings tap lockscreen tap unlock options then uncheck the top option labelled " skip on security " you might be able to find the " skip on security " setting somewhere else on your phone if you are not running an official version of cyanogenmod or if the rom is only based on cyanogenmod
you may need to use samsung kies ( software for pc ) , or get your pc to recognize the ' new ' " mtp " usb mode . further background : ice cream sandwich supports usb mass storage after all , galaxy nexus does not wikipedia > > media transfer protocol samsung > > support > > kies 2.0 also see : can i disable mtp mode and just have a regular usb connection ?
have a look to the following steps step 1 # try cleanup and reinstall of drivers http://www.droidforums.net/forum/galaxy-s3-general-discussion/216706-cant-connect-s3-pc-usb-3.html#post2340704 pull the sim card out and do a factory reset with format step 2 # you can to use samsung kies ( software for pc ) , or get your pc to recognize the " mtp " usb mode . can i disable mtp mode and just have a regular usb connection ? samsung galaxy s3 not connecting via usb step 3 # make sure you install the samsung usb driver for mobile phone http://m.samsung.com/us/support/downloads http://www.samsung.com/us/support/owners/product/sch-i535mbbvzw driver issues when using samsung galaxy siii via usb for development step 4 # for file transfers , you can use airdroid , which connects through wifi . http://www.airdroid.com/
i had a similar problem connecting my galaxy s3 . the drivers were not installing properly . there were messages saying the usb device as malfunctioning . despite being able to charge the phone , it was not being recognised as a mass storage device nor offering me an option on the phone as to what i would like it to connect to the pc as , until i changed my usb cable . i had read some posts that had suggested this . after trying all the phone and device manager settings from debugging to reinstalling and updating drivers , this is what worked : trying a new usb cable . the drivers installed themselves . then , i was able to select use as media device from the phone notificaton menu . i double clicked my computer , and opened phone to display media . i was also able to select usb tethering from phone settings to allow connection to the internet , which is what kicked this all off in the first place . hope this helps some others . what i also discovered during this process was how to set the phone up as a wi-fi hotspot . i just followed a neat youtube video detailing this , and was able to connect my laptop to the internet while i sorted out the rest of my problem .
if you are using android 4.3 open the dial pad and dial *#0808# android 4.2 *#7284# this will solve your problem .
you might need to clean the micro usb port . try using a toothbrush or a safety pin to get the lint out . this worked for me
install the latest driver ensure you are using the factory cable that came with the phone ( some cables wont work with the s3 , the computer will even lie to you and give you error saying the " usb device not recognized" )
i had a similar problem , but with no error message . my computer just did not see my phone even though the computer recognized any other usb device i put in . note : on a previous session my computer did recognize my phone and i was able to b/u some files . my final solution was fairly simple , while the phone was still on i removed the battery from the phone and left it out for 5 minutes . then i reinstalled the battery and turned the phone on . after plugging the phone into my computer via the usb cord i had a connection phone to computer . no , i do not have a technical explanation for this .
just use kies air ( pre-installed on your s3 ) . works perfectly and is user friendly .
for anyone having trouble connecting to windows using usb in mtp mode , make sure you install the samsung usb driver for mobile phones from samsung 's website . here 's a link for the verizon model : http://www.samsung.com/us/support/owners/product/sch-i535rwbvzw navigate to the Manuals &amp; Downloads tab , and then below the tabs , click Software. there you will see the usb driver listed .
you need to use usb 2.0 ports only .
before updating my galaxy s iii to android 4.3 , did not have any problem with windows 7 . it is obvious that w7 should have recognized it even if kies software were not installed . that was with main before updating to new android . but saddlery w7 was not able to find the galaxy siii in media device ( mtp ) mode ! solution for me : installing : device ( install ) , usb drive ( software ) - nov 9 , 2012
the swiftkey website no longer lists anything called " swiftkey " only " swiftkey x " . i have to assume this means " swiftkey " was an earlier product , possibly a beta ?
do not know about erd -- but there some ( flowchart ) diagram editors around : andyuml can create and share simple uml diagrams . it is not " drawing " , you rather " write the code " , like with graphviz dianoid can create diagrams , uml-like flowcharts , mind-maps and sketches quickly and easily . droiddia describes itself as similar as microsoft visio , but for android tablets and phones . smart diagram says : usage : flow chart , tree diagram , mind map , etc there might be some more -- but this should get you started . some screenshots : dianoid ( left ) , andyuml ( right ) .
after doing a lot of research around this issue , i deleted the relevant contact , and all the conversations , and after adding the contact again , everything worked ok . i believe it has something to do with having multiple copies of the same number in the messaging system . ie +447891 . . . . 07891 . . . . . 447891 . . . etc i might be completely wrong about this . but it definitely works now , on all 3 messaging apps that i have tried .
as sachin correctly states : if you want to immediately execute any action , the barcode scanner will become the background app -- and your auto [ mat ] is moved into a garage . if on the other side you want to batch-collect barcodes for later processing : this is possible . the well-known barcode scanner offered for free by the zxing-team provides a " bulk scan mode " , in which all scanned barcodes will just be stored for later export in e.g. .csv format . you can read more about this in an article on using android smartphone to mass import books .
it looks like your hboot needs to be upgraded to v1.02.0000 in order to use the htcdev unlock method . the reason for this is that the legend 's bootloader did not originally ship with unlocking capabilities , so you need to upgrade to the version that added it . unfortunately , the htcdev site will give you an ruu to run , but since it is an . exe file it will not do you much good on linux ( even with wine it probably will balk ) . however , you can perform a manual flash instead : download this legeimg . zip 1 file . this is the new 1.02 bootloader packaged as a zip . copy the zip file to the root of your sd card ( as in , not in any subfolders ) reboot to your bootloader however you like ( adb reboot bootloader works , for example ) when hboot starts up it should tell you that it found an upgrade package on the sd card . check the on-screen prompt and select " yes " to let it flash the zip . reboot your phone into your bootloader again and verify that it is been updated to version 1.02 . at this point you can follow the htcdev unlocking instructions . 1 regarding this file : " eldarerathis " , you say , " i am sure you are a trustworthy chap and all , but how do i know that this mediafire download is legit ? " well , since your bootloader is currently locked , it will only flash images that have been digitally signed by htc . since modifying the contents of the zip file would invalidate the signature , you can rest assured that it is genuine and has not been tampered with . for complete instructions , including how to actually get the zip from the ruu yourself ( which requires windows ) , refer to this xda post .
linux users : if you are stuck in " waiting for device " , make sure you run fastboot as root , such as :
have a try of https://market.android.com/details?id=ws.plattner.cifsmanagerhl=en , i prefer to use sftp but there are many other apps around that let you access smb shares etc .
download es file manager . add shared folder to it by scanning ur network . . video player built in even can put shortcut on desktop . i understand the advantages of what you are doing . it gets the job done without compiling and installing mods . : edit : only works with streaming file formats . copies file over otherwise
you have to be rooted and you have to have the kernel module for cifs support . if you have froyo , you also will need slow-work . ko kernel module as well . once you have those , you can use ( shameless plug ) mount manager , it can handle loading the modules for you automatically and lots of features available for auto mounting when connecting to wifi , and other stuff . it is a lot like cifs manager , but has a more robust system for loading the modules , and supports multiple modules and has support for being a plugin for locale/tasker ( paid version ) .
no . best thing to do would be to read a book on development ; offline reading of pdf files or saved web pages or rss feeds . perhaps , if you feel there is a gap in the market here you could write this game yourself ! i can not help feeling that perhaps buying a book is the best option , however . in the past i have spent some time working through these little puzzles : http://www.gimpel.com/html/bugs.htm i guess you could save some of those for offline reading .
possibly a little low-brow for your needs , but there are a couple of logo implementations on the market , such as turtle graphics . as i say , a bit simplistic , but you can at least mess about with loops and so on , and get some pretty pictures as a bonus . . .
you could try using anki it is a free spaced repetition app , so it is not exactly a game , but it is a way of learning that is more interactive than just reading . what it does is act like flash cards for your phone , although you can download the flash cards other people have created . there are quite a few programming related " shared decks " that you can download ( with decks being collections of the anki flashcards ) such as python , c , java , c# .
you should try logmein - ignition for android . i find it much faster than vnc when accessing my macbook from my windows pc . i would image it works just as well with android .
i ended up going with teamviewer , but thanks for all the suggestions !
pocketcloud is excellent and free to use for one computer at a time .
mightytext is a free app that allows you to get communication notifications on your tablet through wifi . while its geared for people that would want to text from their tablet , it also has some other really nice features . among them are call notifications , battery alerts , and photo syncing . they also have a chrome extension which allows you to get the same features on a computer . i used to use this app all the time and highly recommend it .
according to the xperia z manual , that icon indicates that " stamina mode " is active . i do not see it in the xperia t manual , so i am guessing that there was a recent update to your device that added that feature .
call track is a free app that logs your call details into a google calender . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=app.calltrack
this is a bit roundabout , but it works:- from the call log , click create contact . on the screen for creating a contact , long-tap the phone number field to select it and bring up the special action mode buttons for selected text . click the ' copy ' icon . ( that is the one to the right of the pair of scissors . ) click cancel to cancel creating the contact , and answer ok to the confirmation dialog . switch to the calendar app and create a new event , or edit the event you want to change . long-tap some empty space in the description and click paste . as for why the s3 's phone app does not let you copy the number to the clipboard directly , or share it , only samsung can tell us that .
even on sprint , lte will be supported through new devices , just like on all the other carriers . wimax is a different technology . because they are both called 4g is irrelevant . hspa+ is called 4g , too , and is also not the same as lte ( or wimax ) ,
the htc evo does not contain any lte hardware , so it wont work
i just found out it happens only with hd videos . 480p and 320p videos play normally . the problem is caused by the hardware decoder . when i use a player like mx video player , that allows me to choose a sw decoder , the playback is normal .
flashing a new ( or old , for that matter ) rom will fix your problem . that is why they say to back things up before you mess with them ; )
if you are only missing that one file , you could try using my copy of it : http://www.freesoft.org/bbaccala/wpa_supplicant i am running 4.1.2 , but i will bet it'll work .
your previous task manager was a samsung addition , and not part of android itself . in 2.3 onwards there is a very similar and memory usage listing . if you go into settings , then into applications and click the " running services " option , it should show you everything that is running along with how much memory it is using . there is also a small graph at the bottom showing ram used vs ram free .
Settings &gt; Apps &gt; Downloaded &gt; { app } &gt; Uninstall or open the app drawer , find your app , long-press the icon and drag to the " uninstall " icon .
as al everett pointed out there are a few ways to remove an unofficial app from android . in fact uninstalling an app was simplified with jelly bean . i will cover two ways of uninstalling an app , both of which were mentioned by al everett . the first ( and arguably easiest way ) is to open the app drawer , normally represented by a grid of squares that can be surrounded by a circle . next you want to tap+hold your finger on the app you wish to remove . after a brief moment you should see a trashcan either at the top or at the bottom of your screen , drag the app to the trashcan and let go . at this point you should be prompted by android to verify the app uninstall . go ahead and confirm that you want to remove it . the second way involves going into the device settings , which in itself varies depending on device and version of android . lets go with the easiest way in jelly bean . tap your finger on the top edge of the screen and drag it down . this opens your notification panel . on the panel should be an icon in the top right corner that looks like a stick figure portrait with little boxes along the right and bottom edges . tap this to switch to a secondary panel that should have your " settings " option . the settings icon looks like horizontal slides with the word settings underneath them . once you are in the setting menu scroll down until you see " apps " and tap on it . now scroll down until you find the app you want to remove and tap it . you should now be on a new screen that provides some information about the app , and contains a few buttons . the main thing we are interested in on this screen is the " uninstall " button , this does exactly what it says and will remove the app . here is where i will provide some personal advice , before you uninstall the app i would decide if you will be installing it again any time soon . if you are not then i recommend tapping the " clear data " button before you remove the app . i have had a few rare occasions where the app data was not removed properly when i removed an app and i was unable to re-use that bit of storage on my phone , but again , this has been a rare issue for me . there you have it , 2 detailed ways to remove an unofficial app ( well , any non-system app really ) from android . good luck .
the sensor is always on , so there is no higher risk of damage if an app uses it .
sensor by default is never always on . only when needed . good assumption . if it damages it , i do not know .
no , you would need an application like " where 's my droid " installed on the device and know the phone number for the device . if you sold the device , the new owner probably did a factory reset on the device so your information is no longer associated to the device . in the future , before you sell your device , you should go in and do a factory reset so you are not giving the device away with any of your information . i want to add my opinion on these apps that claim to help you find your device ( including " where 's my droid" ) if it is lost or stolen . they are great if you lost your phone in your house ( or somewhere " safe" ) but if you lost it at like a bar or if someone actually stole it , chances are you will not even be able to use this software . a factory reset can be done on any device rather quickly , which would remove your " locating software " and remove any " tie " that your accounts may have to the device . also , they require the device be on , so if someone does steal your phone , all they have to do is turn it off , and when they have a chance , do a factory reset . my best advice i can give you is to remember that these are ~$600 devices ( what you will pay off contract , or for a replacement ) so treat it like it is a ~$600 device and do not leave it laying around . i am not saying that i would ever take someones phone or anything , but i could have the device factory reset by the time i got to the door to leave . it is as easy as Menu -> Settings -> Privacy -> Factory Data Reset .
there is also the utrack feature by samsung for those purposes on s g y . but it needs to be prepared , which seems to be not the case here .
as ryan conrad already pointed out , the new owner probably did a factory reset when they bought the device . however , it is indeed possible to locate it if it is still connected to the account , with an application such as lookout 's plan b . according to its description , it can be downloaded from the android market online directly to the device ( if still connected to your google account ) and would upon installation send an email to your email address . disclaimer : i do not in any way , shape or form actually encourage you to do something like this , and though i assuming you asked this as a hypothetical question , i can not understate that this is ethically wrong to do , and possibly also illegal in some areas without the owner 's consent .
one has to delete the gallery user settings get the choice for the import back .
try : Settings  Applications  Manage Applications  select Browser ( "All apps" tab )  Clear Data . this would delete all the data belonging to the app . quite like a factory reset , but just for that app . be careful while using this . make sure you select the correct application ( its called ' Browser' some phones and ' Internet' on some ) in the All apps list . you can accidentally delete your contacts and other important stuff if you are not careful
i noticed this when browser had way too many megabytes of data . if you are root you can remove the localstore files without clearing all browser data ( bookmarks etc . ) by using ghost commander or similar app , or adb shell , to remove the localstore files from /data/data/com . android . browser/app_databases .
yes , that is an accurate observation . i do not have a motorola phone myself , but from what i understand blur is embedded pretty tightly into the rom . trying to remove it would be painful at best , and probably just cause your phone to start crashing . i would recommend flashing a custom rom that either never had blur ( e . g . something built largely from the aosp like cyanogenmod ) or a heavily customized version of your rom that has had blur thoroughly rooted out and replaced with stock apps .
if you hold down on the ' v ' key for a brief pause it will type the secondary character , which for that key is the apostrophe . each key has a secondary character which is shown in black in the top right corner of the key .
i am not an user of swiftkey , rather an user of swype . i am suggesting this with an assumption that both apps should not be miles apart in their feature . in swype we can do this by moving the finger through apostrophe , considering it as a part of the word . so , if you would like to type can't then start swiping on c , to a , then to n , then to ' , and finally finish at t . you can see this demonstration video as well .
the way i do it is to have space insert the suggestion . that way i write cant and hit spaces and swiftkey inserts the suggestion of can not in its place . i basically never use the apostrophe key .
i think that it is due to the keyboard layout . swiftkey 's qwerty layout do not put the ' key in the " abc" part of the keyboard . if you want to type a ' '' with the qwerty layout , you have to go to the " 123" part of the keyboard and then type on the ' virtual key . but unlike the qwerty layout , the azerty layout has got the ' key in the " abc" part of the keyboard : to switch to the azerty layout , go in swiftkey settings > Languages and layouts . then go to the keyboard language ( the one you use ) and type on the keyboard icon near the checkbox . then select " AZERTY" when the list of available layouts is opened .
have you tried inetify or network tester to check for wifi connectivity ?
is there a way to configure my phone to use my cell data when the connected wi-fi is not working\unavailable , etc ? assuming you are talking about wifi being activated , then in this case , wifi and cellular data are exclusive , you cannot have one activated and yet use the other . a flip-flop operation , switch on wifi , cellular data is off , switch off wifi , cellular data is on . cannot have both ! check the firmware - perhaps a newer update is available ? what version of android are you referring to ? quite possibly , izzy 's solution of using tasker might suffice , this was answered recently ?
no this is not possible up to android 4.2 . some convention they need to follow that is why if mobile phone is connected by wifi ( no matter internet connection is there or not to wifi router or device by which your phone is connected ) then it will not get connect by mobile data . may be you will find some application on google store but i am not sure . because if some application do this then they need to change at kernel level or they need to customize the operating system .
have you tried Settings &gt; Connection &gt; Wi-Fi &gt; Left-click (soft menu) &gt; Advanced &gt; Check for Internet service ? note : i have an s4 ( build xxubmga )
after some digging , i have to decide that what you are trying to achieve is not possible since there is no way to check whether there are additional login requirements necessary for the connected wi-fi networks . you may be able to check the connectivity of the wi-fi network with the methods mentioned by both geffchang and nobugs . but , since the connections with additional authentications literally give you the internet access to login to their network , the said apps and methods ( even the tasker ) will sadly be of lesser use . but the network tester app suggested by nobugs seems promising even though it cannot switch the connections . you can use an app like auto wifi / 3g switch to do the switching automatically . this app can be used to disable mobile data / 3g connection automatically when your device is connected to a wifi network and re-enable mobile data when your device is disconnected from wifi network . again of course , the app cannot detect whether or not there are additional authentications . finally you are left with manually switching and toggling your mobile data and wi-fi . you can use an app like 3g wifi connection mode .
too bad android se is not as active as other se sites , just did a nandroid restore from when i just installed the rom and so far i have not set up titanium backup . well that'll teach me . . . at least it boots again .
you will have to modify the os to support most of this , since it does not incorporate this by default , but since android is fully open-source this should not be too much of a problem . it is always better to put restrictions like these as near the kernel as possible so they are hard to bypass .
yes all this is possible but you will have to root the tablet and whether or not that is possible will depend on the tablet . here 's the answer to each request : yes , you have to edit the hosts file for which you will have to root the device . yes , any browser ( i recommend dolphin hd ) will let you set the home page , so just set this to the page you want it to launch with . with the launch after boot app ( ~$1.60 ) you can set the browser to launch on start-up . yes , the aforementioned dolphin hd browser has a " full screen " mode under settings . since you are rooting the device you can just uninstall the messaging ( sms/mms/email ) apps . yes . this app requires a rooted device ( and dropping $2 ) : boot animation changer pro all in all this is possible assuming you can root you device , and while it will not be easy , it also wont require you programming any custom solution . edit : i should have mentioned that going " full screen " on the browser will not prevent people from navigating away from the browser screen to other parts of the device but you can basically uninstall every single app that you do not want your people using , and uninstall the market so they can not install more apps . you can also password protect apps that you do not want people using with an app like app protector pro ( $2 ) . any enterprising person will be able to get around anything you do with some work but that can be said about any workplace restrictions . edit #2: do not quote me on this but i will bet you could use tasker to furhter restrict access to the device and/or services . assuming you guys operate during set business hours and are at one bricks and mortar location , you can set location and time based restrictions so when they are in the store during business hours only certain things are possible . you would just need to password protect tasker after setting it up .
have you tried installing a stock image from rom manager and then upgrading from there ? just to make certain that you are using a clean stock image . are you wanting to keep root ? any ota updates might remove your root ( i do not have a n1 , so i do not know how the 2.2.1 update will affect your root status ) .
installing the stock android 2.2 frf91 or newer unroots the phone . i had this same problem . you can downgrade and root using the directions here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=717870
afaik , the original droid is completely hardware incapable of providing video out via usb . the droid incredible does provide this functionality , but it has a usb port specifically designed for it ( extra pins ) .
even if it would be doable , consider a few things making it extremely unlikely : in that early stage , the touchscreen is not yet initialized  so how would you input your pin/password/pattern to unlock the bootloader before firing up the custom recovery ? another risk introduced this way : if you break your display , you are effectively knocked-out : even if the problem described above could be worked around , that work-around would be rendered useless at this place . true , there are things like touch-based custom recoveries . so technically , that would be the place to make it possible : once the recovery is initialized , it could ask for a code to unlock before offering its real services . this might even include a " fallback mode " for a broken screen using e.g. shake-patterns ( accelerometer-based ) or nfc ( if applyable ) . but that is nothing we can solve here at this site : you will have to contact the resp . developers for this ( twrp and/or clockworkmod , to name two examples ) .
none of the carriers in the us support this that i know of . but according to the android supported codec page , amr-wb ( adaptive multi-rate wideband ) is supported by android devices . as long as the carrier is actually using the " spec " to transmit the " hd voice " over the gsm/cmda network , there is nothing special that needs to be done for android devices , it will support both normal and hd calls . to explain a little further . when an hd call comes in on a device that supports amr-wb , and it is enabled ( based on the comments below that some may not have support enabled ) , nothing has to be done on the device side . all that is sent to the device is an audio stream , the stream is in the amr-wb format and the device decodes that automatically . because it is an audio codec specification and the support for that exists on the device you are able to send/receive using this codec .
there is only one possible way to restore your device after unmounting system and/or bricking it . and that is to flash ( via odin ) the original stock firmware in a file named : pda_hc31_eg01ba_ap352081user_cp1033580_lte20110704_0708 . tar nothing else will work . only this one file will be able to unbrick this device . the procedure is quite easy . on the device hold volume up + power select odin mode ( right icon ) connect usb to device and computer on the computer download and run odin 1.85 ( this is important because diff versions of odin support diff files ) check off pda and select the above tar file click start ( 3 boxes should be checked , 2 default and pda ) the odin software will then transfer the stock firmware to the device and shut off when the transfer is finished . user must boot up the device again . when the device boots up , it will automatically install the firmware . the device is now officially unbricked .
they are most likely there , just you are not looking in the right label . outlook screws up your gmail folders/labels and causes very annoying gmail sync issues . that is why i quit using outlook with my gmail .
i have a similar problem and have been seeing similar issues over the past month or so . it appears that imap copy into inbox or other gmail labels no longer generates new mail events / notifications . i have tested with multiple folders ( including the inbox ) using both outlook 2010 and the latest versions of thunderbird setup for imap . i have found that android 's gmail app as well as gooogle 's gmail web interface only update / generate notifications when an email is received by the gmail servers . based on the above , the only conclusion i can come to is that google is no longer generating new mail events within the overall gmail environment when an imap email client copies messages into folders . i too wish they would . i was using outlook to copy email from an exchange account to a gmail label and received notification on my android device . this worked well for a long time ( a few years ? ) . edit : may 1st , 2013 since my post in march it appears that these notifications are now working . has been for a couple of weeks . seems like the problems were most likely issues with google servers . anyway . . . i no longer have this problem .
your specific question is : is there any way to write a program to do that ? yes , it would be hard for the android programmer novice , but it can be done . it would be a lot easier to do with root permission as well . for a long time companies liked to stick with blackberry because they were easier to ' child lock ' . more and more , i am actually seeing people with iphones now having this ' company child lock software ' . i am sure companies out there are making software for android devices that inhibit the use of certain apps and prevent downloading them all together . you could probably pay to get this software onto a device but it would probably be very expensive .
although there is not a general solution for remotely launching apps , here is a solution that applies to your situation : first , install androidlost from the online google play store . this is the app you can use to control/wipe/access info about your lost device , yadayada give it a little time to install to your device , then install androidlost jumpstart from the online google play store as well this app will wake up the registration process on the androidlost app when ever a phone call is made , an sms received , battery is low , a package is added , removed or changed . so you have to install an arbitrary app from the play store as well to activate the service , but you can then go to androidlost . com to access functions to control your lost device ! including ringing an alarm ; )
assuming that you have not changed the default triggers for the app , you can simply text your phone from another device with : findme to get your phone to send you gps information about it is location ringaloud to get your phone to send you gps information about it is location and to ring out loud at full volume . sourced from their instructions page .
if gps accuracy is enough for you , plan b is just what you need . you can remotely install it via the play store web interface and it activates automatically , sending the phone 's coordinates to your primary google account . however , it can not play sounds on your device to help you narrow the location further .
no , you need arm executables ( or whatever the underlying architecture of your device may be ) . the only way to get around it , apart from compiling from source or finding an arm version of the package , would be some sort of virtualization . i do not know of any virtualization tools built for arm myself , but at least some versions have virtualization extensions so there is the possibility of hardware-accelerated vms .
the answer to both questions is no . your android device most likely uses the arm architecture , which is not compatible with the x86 architecture of your binaries . in theory you could use qemu on android to emulate a x86 system , but the performance will be average at best . this has been done .
install fasterfix from the play store and follow the prompts .
you actually can enable both of those features while in airplane mode . they get turned off automatically when you first enable airplane mode , but there is nothing that prevents you from re-enabling them :
as i said in my comment , you should be able to flash using odin . i am not sure it works through a vm though , so perhaps you might have better luck with heimdall . basically , you need to get the appropriate firmware for your device from here ( signup required ) . then , shut down your device and boot it while holding volume down + power . once the tablet enters download mode , connect it to a pc . if using odin , the file you downloaded goes into the pda box . i am not too sure about heimdall , but it looks like the downloaded file goes into the " heimdall firmware package " box . then click " start " in odin and wait for your device to reboot . at this point , the tablet should boot into android .
if the computer and the phone are on the same network , than you can use adb via wifi . there is an app that makes it to turn it on/off : adbwireless after enabling it open a command prompt and execute : adb connect ip:5555 
unfortunately rooting your phone will not change a thing , as the problem is on the windows side . if windows does not have a way to communicate with the phone ( ie , a driver ) , then it does not matter if the phone has a different rom on it - the hardware is still the same . however , if you package your apps as apks you can upload them to the sd card and then click on them to install that way . in eclipse : right click on the project > android tools > export signed application package . follow the prompts and you are flying .
i have noticed the same thing . it appears the latest facebook updates have actually removed the feature as there is no setting in the app for the lockscreen .
i have been looking for the answer to this question since i read it a year ago . i searched several times and i always find the same question in many forums , but no answers . the only certainty is that it is not a bug of android as such because it only happens for users of the htc brand , but i have never found anything productive that comes out of htc staff in this regard . this question was asked over a year ago and still there is no answer , so i would like to be the first to give an answer , even if it is a guess . what i can conclude from the comments on this and other forums is that " alicia han " is a placeholder for contact name which the htc developers put to be replaced for real contact data when you receive a call ( in the same way this placeholder could be " john doe " in english or " fulano de tal " in spanish ) , although it seems feasible according to the comment of @qdoe ( being htc a chinese corporation ) , i do not know how random can be that choice of name , it could be even a co-worker 's name as suggesteded by @propeller , or maybe it is only to sound less chinese , given that " alice " is a western name . the problem is that , likely due to a bug in programming such functionality , the placeholder is shown instead the real data when lockscreen is active , or when hanging up an incoming call . probably by this time the bug has already been fixed , that is why htc offers free " repair " of the phone , as happened to @siebe .
is the video player you are referring to is rockplayer ? there is an app know cpu for rockplayer that lets you check that .
i do not know of a way to differentiate between various versions of armv6 processors , but i can recommend a good media player . try moboplayer on your huawei u8150 and see if it plays your media . they also have various codec packages for better compatibility , but again i have no idea to tell which specific type is in a given handset .
enable usb debugging and download the sdk tools . then it is super easy : note that on my device , it is ARMv7 , and has ( among other features ) vfp support .
obviously the su binary you installed does not work well with your system . as you luckily created a backup of the original su executable , recommendation is to revert the incompatible changes first : adb shell $ oldsu # mount -o remount,rw /system # rm /system/xbin/su /system/bin/su # cp /system/xbin/oldsu /system/xbin/su # exit $ exit adb reboot  explanation : start adb shell and become root ( using the working oldsu executable ) . delete /system/xbin/su ( which is only a symlink now ) and the incompatible /system/bin/su , then copy the working su back to where it belongs . then exit the root shell and finally adb shell . the reboot is optional , and should not be needed . also optionally you could remove busybox ( or keep it if it works ) . before exiting adb shell you might wish to test whether su works again , just to be sure ( which is why i wrote cp for this : if anything goes wrong , you still have your oldsu available ) . with those steps , you should at least have everything in working order again , and this issue is solved . updating to a newer android version is a separate issue : please check the update tag , as corresponding questions already exist . same for the rom you might need ( check the rom tag for that , and in also check the tag-wikis for update and rom ) .
you should be able to change the input method by long pressing on a text box > input method . the menu should give you a list of input methods , select the one that is not swype .
from the home screen , press the menu button and go to language settings , where you will be able to select the default keyboard . you can also change the keyboard by long pressing a text box .
see this related question on our sister site for programming questions , stack overflow
this is expected behaviour . the screen turns off during a call to prevent you from accidentally pressing on the screen . i do not know if it possible to turn this off without rooting . it seems on some samsung firmwares there is an option within the phone app but if you have checked there then i do not think it is possible .
have you tried installing kies ? other solution is , windows 8 will take some time to load and install drivers . please keep you phone connected to windows 8 in usb mode . it will install the driver .
first check if u have normal google adb drivers , if no then download them , put your device in usb debugging mode ( this settings location depends upon your android os version ) go to devices and printers in control panel -> go to properties of your device ( device should be connected ) -> change settings -> update driver -> let me pick driver from my pc -> adb interface -> ( it will give u list of adb drivers on ur machice ) if you find any samsung driver there click on it and click next or finish . else choose google adb interface driver and finish . your device should be working properly with proper drivers installed : )
short answer , you cannot , themeing features are specific to cyanogenmod , and if attempting to apply this on top of a stock rom , will either result in force closes , or boot-loops . you cannot have it both ways . go down the cyanogenmod route and then the themeing will work , or forget about it .
you cannot . the cyanogen theming engine is specific to cm and derivative roms . samsung stock roms have touchwiz ui , which is a proprietary layer . theming cm to look like touchwiz , or creating mashups would be easier because of cm 's open nature . some carriers might give packs , like sprint ( source ) . you can install a different launcher and install themes on it , of course . go launcher , for one , has many themes .
it is originally part of the t-mobile theme engine , which is open source so you can implement in other roms , but you will need a rom that has it built in http://code.google.com/p/android-theme/wiki/tmobilethemeengine
i have heard good things about tasker . i wonder if it can help ?
you do not need root to backup data from an android device to a pc , you only need physical access and to enable debugging in the developer menu . this lets you copy data from the app 's internal storage , which may contain sensitive information that you do not want to let somebody steal , like your facebook access token . i agree that it is pretty trivial in most cases , but there are some cases which require this extra layer of protection against attacks where physical access is involved . note that in order to get around this you would need to root the phone , in which case the sensitive data in the internal storage would be wiped when the factory reset occurs .
if you keep using the google voice app for texting , it does not matter if you activate sms via hangouts . however , any texts you send out of hangouts will go through your verizon number , incurring carrier charges . if you are running cyanogenmod 11 rom , you may want to look into voice+ . it is a custom app that allows you to pipe all " regular " sms through google voice , from any app such as hangouts , messaging , handcent , whatsapp , etc . it is still in beta ( as is the entire cm11 ) but works quite well for keeping all the messaging together in a single app . when hangouts got ability to send/receive sms last year , google promised that they will eventually merge google voice functionality into it , thus making it a single app . this looks to be slowly happening behind the curtains . in the latest hangouts v2.1 update , bits and pieces pointing to google voice integration started showing up . we will most likely hear more about this in the upcoming google i/o developers conference this coming summer .
could this be regional ? i have an application called samsung apps on my phone , and it works just fine . if you have this software on your phone try using it instead of kies .
the galaxy s is fully supported by kies , and it runs google 's android os so i am not sure what that is all about . samsung does not support samsung apps on the galaxy s , however . they made that choice for some business reason i am sure . they list supported phones on this page . the best way to get apps is through the android market , which is already on the galaxy s . samsung apps has very few apps and they look sub-par to me .
pulling this out of comments and into an answer , so it is easier to see . . . the samsung kies software is not only used for samsung 's android based phones ( like the galaxy s ) it is also used to manage phones running samsung 's own bada operating system . the samsung apps store in the kies software ( currently ) only holds apps for phones running the bada software , not android . you can see the list of supported phones here at the bottom of the page . samsung phones , like the galaxy s series , that are running android should have a samsung apps icon in their application list on the phone itself , you can find the selection of android compatible samsung apps in here . currently there are not many apps in there , though they are slowly expanding , one good thing is that ( currently ) they are all free , and many of them are full versions of apps that you had have to pay for if you got them through the android market .
i believe you can setup something with tasker . create a new event , based off of state --> " calendar entry " . then create a task based off of it to alert a sound for you or show a dialog or whatever you need for it to do .
log on to google calendar online through web browser ( i did this on pc . not sure if these steps are available on mobile calendar site ) . go to settings > calendar settings > calenders > click notification against your specific calendar . remove reminder for sms and add reminder for pop up . by the above steps , whenever a new event is added on-line , it will set an alarm notification for it on mobile when synced . for already created event , change the notification for each event to pop up through web browser .
using stock calendar apps , you can Press "Menu Button" &gt; Tap "More" &gt; Tap "Settings" &gt; Tap "Set Alerts &amp; Notifications" to set the phone to ring for each reminder you have set for each events . edit : the stock calendar icon : press " menu " , then tap on " more": tap " settings : tap " set alerts and notifications": tap on " alert " : this is on calendar version 7 on 2.1-eclair samsung spica
i guess you are using stock samsung firmware . if so , probably you enabled samsung 's " power saving mode " . go to " power saving mode " settings and unchecked " cpu power saving " options .
ok , i will answer my own question on this one because i just came across mortplayer . it does exactly what i want : it will load m3u files or just play all files in a directory .
a complete article on vpn on htc desire is present on the htc europe portal . hope this will help you out . connecting to a virtual private network ( vpn ) from your phone , you can add , set up , and manage virtual private networks ( vpns ) that allow you to connect and access resources inside a secured local network , such as your corporate network . depending on the type of vpn you are using at work , you may be required to enter your login credentials and/or install security certificates before you can connect to your companys local network . you can get this information from your network administrator . also , your phone must first establish a wi-fi or data connection before you can initiate a vpn connection . for information about setting up and using these connections on your phone , see data connection and wi-fi . setting up secure credential storage if your network administrator instructs you to download and install security certificates , you must first set up the phones secure credential storage . from the home screen , press menu , tap settings > security , and then tap set password . enter a new password for the credential storage ( at least 8 characters without any spaces ) . scroll down and confirm the password , and then tap ok . select the use secure credentials check box . you can then download and install the certificates needed to access your local network your network administrator can tell you how to do this . adding a vpn connection from the home screen , press menu , tap settings > wireless and networks > vpn settings . tap add vpn , and then tap the type of vpn you want to add . tap the vpn settings and set them up according to the security details you obtained from your network administrator . press menu , and then tap save . the vpn is then added to the vpns section of the vpn settings screen . connecting to a vpn from the home screen , press menu , tap settings > wireless and networks > vpn settings . in the vpns section , tap the vpn that you want to connect to . when prompted , enter your log in credentials , and then tap connect . when you are connected , the vpn connected icon appears in the notification area of the title bar . you can then open the web browser to access resources such as intranet sites on your corporate network . disconnecting from a vpn press and hold the title bar , and then slide down your finger to open the notifications panel . tap the vpn connection to return to the vpn settings screen , and then tap the vpn connection to disconnect from it . when your phone has disconnected from the vpn , the vpn disconnected icon is displayed in the notification area of the title bar .
its nice , u have solved the issue , i got some useful hints when i faced the same trouble while debugging htc , i was unable to set well wifi due to wrong vpn configs and these were the steps that i followed to set well a new connection , tap the home icon , tap menu , and tap settings . tap wireless and networks . tap vpn settings tap add vpn select the type of vpn to add ( pptp , l2tp , l2tp/ipsec psk vpn , l2tp/ipsec crt vp ) enter vpn details such as vpn name , vpn server , etc setting up vpn well and debugging android os solved the issue . . this is original source where these steps to be found . . . . htc vpn setup thnx
after updating my phone to htc official desire 2.3.3 dev rom , it works . so it looks like there is a bug fixed by android or htc rom in 2.3.3 .
i had the same issue for awhile running bugless beast rom on my droid and i could not get rid of it and finally gave up . then one day i moved to cyanogenmod 6 ( wiped , etc ) and the problem stopped . wish i could give an easy answer , but , for me , it did not go away until a wiped everything and started over with a new rom .
how many internal space do you have ( check on Settings &gt; SD card &amp; phone storage settings &gt; Internal phone storage &gt; Available Space ) ? make sure to leave at least 15-20 mb of internal space ( probably larger if you have a large number of large apps ) so you can safely update apps . if you have little internal memory left , then updates will fail and " update all " will fail en masse . the solution is to update the apps one by one , or to clear up some space in the internal memory . i never had problems with updating apps installed in sd card except when my phone 's internal memory reaches about 5-10 mb .
i asked a similar question a few months ago . unmounting the sd card and updating seemed to resolve the problem in the short term , but i also get the error every so often when attempting to install updates . i am not sure what actually causes the problem to occur , but in the meantime i am installing apps onto my sd card and when i get an installation/update unsuccessful , i move it to internal storage . most of my apps reside just fine on my sd card , so it has not been a big deal . i do sympathize with how annoying it is , though . best of luck finding a more long-term answer .
at first , i thought this was most likely an instance of android cloud to device messaging , but it can not be : whatsapp does not declare the necessary permissions , and it works in eclair ( android 2.1 ) , while cloud to device messaging ( and its replacement , google cloud messaging ) require at least froyo ( android 2.2 ) . however , it is most likely some sort of push notification service . it is impossible to say exactly how it is implemented without access to whatsapp 's source code . the part about it being able to receive messages when not in use is relatively easy to explain , though . the app almost certainly has a service which runs in the background to check in with the server periodically ( or receive the server push , or whatever it does ) . when you receive a message , the service pops up a notification . as for the question as to how the server could do a push , here 's a possibility ( again , i can not verify without source code ) : whatsapp starts and opens two sockets : one to listen on and one to send a message to the server . whatsapps starts listening on the first socket . whatsapp sends a message containing your phone number and the port of the listening socket to the server and waits for an acknowledgement . the server records the phone and port numbers in the message and the ip address that the message came from . the server sends an acknowledgement to the app . the app receives the acknowledgement and closes the message socket . a message with your phone number as the destination comes into the server . the server uses the ip address and port number it has associated with your phone number and uses that information to push the message to your phone . for this to work , the app would need to monitor the state of the network connection and reset the listening socket / resend the registration message when necessary ( if the ip address changes , for example ) .
i am certainly sure that whatsapp does not open any listening ports . most isps block incoming requests , that would not work . whatsapp has a service . basically that means that technically you never quit whatsapp . so , the way you receive messages while you are " not running " whatsapp is the exact same way you receive them when you are running it . the client , in this case whatsapp , connects to the server . the client maintains that connection . when the server has something new to say , it sends it to the client via that connection , and that is all . your first guess is correct . whatsapp has no true log out mechanism , see this . whatsapp does not have a logout mechanism . the application is designed to always be connected so that you receive your messages quickly , even when you are not actively using your phone . this is similar to how sms works and allows whatsapp messages to be delivered almost instantly .
their faq suggests they use gcm . check the answer to " are messages still taking too long to reach your phone ? "
one way to do this would be to use something like sms backup+ which syncs your sms and mms messages to a particular tag in gmail . you could then use normal gmail filtering to see your outgoing messages .
check out sms composer - it has non-threaded inbox and sent message views which i believe is what you are looking for . also , it is freeware .
this turned out to actually be a network provider problem ( in my case : simplemobile in the us ) and the fix is incredibly simple : remove the proxy server from the apn and everything works . the final hint i needed was the google now error message , googling that took me to this thread on xda-developers . i have no explanation for why ' clear data ' fixed the issue for a few minutes and why this did not occur when tethering the tablet through the phone ( maybe a cached server connection somehow ? ) . it does however explain why the problem occured again when putting the sim card into the tablet ( the apn comes with the problematic proxy as a preset ) , and that should have tipped me off , i guess .
why are you choosing to distribute via an sd card ? you can use something akin to phonegap , and pack it into an apk . it is still static files locally , and still being run by the local webrenderer . this is a bit of an alternative solution + comment - . -
if you can install an app from the play store without infringing on your contract , then get task bomb . launch the app and tap tasks tap the white plus in the top-right corner select view for action type tap data , then tap your file manager in the popup browse to the root of your site and tap the index page for activity , select whichever app you want to use to open it now that you have created the task , you have to add a homescreen shortcut go to your homescreen and drop the quick launch shortcut to your homescreen select your task from the list , name it anything , and you are good to go !
as suggested by t0mm13b in his comment on your question , a shortcut on the desktop is the easiest way . this requires you to first open the page with your browser , and create a bookmark for it ( you will see later why this step is required ) . as you stated not to be able to add the shortcut in the usual way , here comes an alternative approach : some tablets come with a launcher that only offers wallpaper settings on long press ( i have some of those as well ) . in this case , oben the app drawer ( where you can find all your apps ) , and switch to the " widgets " tab ( usually by swiping the page from right to left ) . you will see the word " widgets " highlighted on top . now look out for the " bookmarks " widget . you may be offered multiple of them , from "1x1" to "4x4" ( the numbers here specify the size the widget will consume on your screen ) . you can play with them to find the one suiting you best . long-press it , and the drawer behind it will " fade out " -- instead your homescreen ( s ) will display . drop the widget where you want to have it . now it will ask you for which bookmark you want to use for the widget . chose the bookmark you created in your browser at the beginning . now the widget should be created on your homescreen .
on most android phones , the code *#*#4636#*#* provides network information such as signal level and preferred networks . however i am unsure of what you mean by displaying that information within the htc explorer .
i advise you to start the messaging app to see if a settings menu is attached to the application , rather than as a general setting . look for a setting similar to the name " delivery report " or " delivery confirmation " , and turn it off .
message app--> setting --> turn off delivery report
the ' haifa ( current ) ' display is the weather at the position your phone thinks it is currently located at . in other words , the ' current ' refers to current position . the other ' haifa ' display is the weather at the extra city location that you have set up . the displays show different weather because the specific locations used by your phone within haifa are presumably different , even though they are both within haifa .
most probably , street view imagery is not available for your location ( yet ) . cross check the web version with any pc for the same location that does not work on your phone check a well-supported street view location such as google hq on your phone
check the tables of supported countries on wikipedia . most likely , street view is not yet available where you live .
it may take a couple of second for the street view button to become enabled . just leave the button for up to half a minute ?
i recommend reading up the nookdevs wiki , and specifically the section about rooting . it is a very straight-forward process that is completely reversible . to answer your questions : if the rooting process fails , you can always boot from the sd card and start over . there is an official b and n 1.1 stock image floating around that can be used to bring your nook color back to its original state at any time . you can run a custom rom entirely off the sd card . the nc will run a bit slower ( depends on the speed of the sd card ) , but you will be able to retain the original firmware . just remove the card and it will boot normally . you can install a custom rom onto the internal memory , overwriting the stock image . the nook will run faster this way . there are also ways to re-map the internal partitions and set up dual-boot , so that you could run both original firmware and a custom rom from internal memory . a prompt during power-up will allow you to select which rom to boot into .
the root process should not fail . there is a thing called " auto nootering " which will automatically do the rooting for you . they have been keeping it up to date with each update coming out for the device from b and n . if the device reboots 8 times in a row , it will reset itself to factory settings . you can find more info here . you need a microsd card to root the device . basically , you put an image onto the sd card , then turn on the nook and it boots that image and enables root access . you then remove the sd card and re-format it ( because the image previously will give it a small partition , additionally you do not want it to boot it again after you have already done it once ) . the nook color is setup that it will boot up off of the sd card before it will boot off of the internal memory ( hence why this rooting process works ) . you can therefore have a dual boot with the stock rom plus another rom on the sd card ( nookie froyo , cyanogenmod7 , or the honeycomb rom ) . this way you experiment with roms and not mess up your stock image . however , it is loading these from the sd card , therefore it will be a bit slower than if it was running off the internal memory of the device . but you can also flash these roms to the internal memory as well .
this depends on your device . sone android devices have usb ports that can work in host mode or support usb otg . these devices can at least have read access to the usb drives , some can even use them as full mounts . one app that allows read access on a lot of devices is nexus media importer . you can use it to browse media and copy files to internal storage .
first thing to try is to clear the data and cache for both apps and their storage ( Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications ) and then re-sync ( possibly in the app , or in Settings -&gt; Accounts and sync ) .
you can side-load any android app provided you have the apk . however , by default these phones do not come pre-installed with google 's core applications like the play store . but you can " hack " the devices and install google apps . needless to say it will void warranty and root access is required . there is this guide in xda forums that should help people install google services on their nokia x device .
a known issue with running 2 avs is that they will consider each other as a potential virus . this has to do with the behaviour of these programs . they scan directories , perform root-operations ( if you have installed the av on a rooted device ) , and so on . this is true on any system , not only mobile devices . you can in most cases run an av together with an anti-malware product . i do say in most cases . as mentioned by karan , there is no real need for av software as long as you only run google play / appstore apps and you do not download any rubbish from sites you visit . do keep in mind that there are some dangerous apps on google play . i am an android user myself , definitly no ifanboy , and i must admit not all play apps are safe . so always check the permissions and intentions of an app before installing it . i myself have avast ! mobile security on my tablet . this is because i run some off-the-market apps . ms also allows me to protect some apps with a pincode , such as my email apps . i do not think running an av is a waste of resources , but if you handle your device with care , there is no real need for one .
no . i will even go to the extent of saying using an antivirus is of no use if you only install apps from google play . but if you install apps from third party sources ( i.e. apks , etc . ) , using an antivirus might actually make sense . but using 2 avs does not make sense in any scenario imho .
there is no way to force open urls through an app if it does not show up in the popup menu to choose an app . afaik there is a filter in applications called the intent filter that is hard coded into the applications code by the developer . the filter is triggered when certain urls are pressed . if amazon has not done this you cannot get it to open amazon . co . uk urls without manually adding it to the apps code .
it is up to the app to register an intent filter for urls it can understand . when the app does this , and you click an appropriate link , the chooser asks you which you want to open . if you have previously had a chooser for amazon links , and accidentally selected to always use a web browser , you can undo this by going into the device settings , then apps . select the browser from the list , and then click clear defaults . if you have never had a chooser for amazon links , then the app can not respond to them . it is possible to use a third-party app to act as an intermediary , so that you open the amazon links in that app , and it forwards them to the amazon app , but if the amazon app does not understand the url you are using , the results are unpredictable : it might crash , or simply open to the main screen . you will have to contact the developer through their official support channels to ask them to add this feature .
thanks @rossc and @filoxo for your comments . adding these as answer : if you are rooted there is an option in titanium backup pro to remove anything from the dalvik cache not linked to an app . this orphan data suggests that data may remain in the cache after the app is no longer using it or even uninstalled . there is also nothing wrong with periodically wiping your device 's dalvik cache using a custom recover like twrp . it might take a little bit longer to start up some apps , but that would be almost unnoticeable on most modern devices .
you could just cache the route portion of the map using the Make available offline feature . then , all need afterwards is the gps , which does not use your data plan .
so i just looked at the firmware for my samsung vibrant , you do not actually need to mount the image -- i was thinking of the recovery image or a nandroid backup . the firmware ( rom ) should be in a zip file , which you can open up and go to /system/app/ and grab the camera . apk . i would put it on your phone 's sd card , then use root explorer or similar to copy it into /system/app/ on your device and overwrite the current one ( which you may want to back up first ) . you can check out my answer to another question for info on mounting , but you should not have to do that : )
yes overworking the cpu is what creates the intense heat , this intense heat is detected by the os and shutdowns the phone to protect your hardware . ( a pc works just the same ) .
if you know what you are doing , rooting and flashing a custom rom can help . rooting it will allow you to delete some " system " apps that you do not need , and give you access to more control over your cpu , and some roms have ways to help save battery . my sister was forced to get a droid 2 global after two faulty replacements of her original droid 1 which she loved , and she hated the global . had problems with battery and the way it was set up and everything . so i rooted it for her and flashed a new rom , and she got an extended battery ( very useful suggestion ) , and now she loves it . but as rooting voids your warranty , i would not try it if you do not need to or do not know exactly what you are doing .
according to this forum deleting the youtube account resolves it .
it worked by just doing sh /mnt/sdcard/touch.sh &amp; after having started a shell with adb shell . then , when i closed the terminal forcibly while the process was in the background , the process remained running in the background of my phone as expected . i was able to kill the process later by getting with adb shell the using ps to find the process id and kill -s KILL &lt;ID&gt; to kill it . basically , turns out i did not have to make an android app just to make my script run in the background . clash on . . .
this is only a partial answer to my question , so i will not mark it as accepted just yet . if you go to messages / menu button / settings / notification settings there should be a setting called " preview message " . uncheck this and text messages will not show up in your lock screen . i have not figured out how to do this for calls though .
the android os is supposed to do this automatically for you unless the device is powered down or rebooted incorrectly ( eg . removing the battery ) . ive never heard of files being doubled on an sd card after rebooting before . i would suggest trying a different rom since your phone is rooted .
if files are being doubled , why are you asking about safe unmounting ? problems caused by no safe unmounting are file system corruption , data loss etc . files are not doubled by it . i have not heard of such type of problem before . its possible that an app or a shell script is doubling files at the time of boot . to pin-point the problem , turn off the device , remove the sdcard and check with pc that files are doubled or not . if files are doubled , it means something is doing this at time of shut down . do this : turn off device by pulling out battery and then boot . tell me the result .
i also had a similar problem , to me it looked like battery stats issue , i discharged my phone completely and then recharged it . that solved problem with my phone .
i have had similar issues with google goggles , the android api demo app , and one or two other apps . i strongly believe this is just a bug in the battery statistics , as it has never impacted my battery life in a meaningful way . usually the way i make this go away is by rebooting the phone , although that is not ideal .
it is a combination of a pdf and a browser issue . some pdfs work fine while others do not across different browsers . downloading the pdf you mentioned , here are the results using different browsers : chrome : cannot open pdf from notification boat browser : cannot open pdf from notification dolphin : can open pdf from notification downloading a different pdf from another site , here are the results using different browsers : chrome : can open pdf from notification boat browser : can open pdf from notification dolphin : can open pdf from notification update 2013-10-11: according to scott 's findings , this is a pdf issue . the content-type header of the problematic pdf is application/x-download , while the working pdf is application/pdf . if you control the server which is serving these pdfs , you can switch the content-type header to allow it to open in all browsers . php example : in php this was previously broken when sending :  header('Content-Type: application/x-download');  switch this to this header to work :  header('Content-Type: application/pdf'); 
found these instructions to install powermanagerpro into /system/app , just modified them a little . ( note : first install the app into /data/app , like you would any app , and you need a rooted device . ) open a terminal emulator app and execute the following command to copy the application to the sdcard : su cp /data/app/ your . apk /sdcard/ your . apk if you can not find the application in /data/app try /data/apps-private/ . then , un-install your app from the device . execute the following commands in the terminal emulator to remount the /system directory as read/write and to install the application into the /system/app directory : su mount -o remount , rw -t yaffs2 /dev/block/mtdblock3 /system cp /sdcard/ your . apk /system/app if you prefer to use adb from your computer , execute these commands : adb remount adb shell cp /sdcard/ your . apk /system/app
if you do not have root to follow the manual install procedure demizey describes , then the app must be signed with the same key that the rom is signed with ; that is to say , the same key that the existing system apps are signed with . this is a security precaution : otherwise , anyone could write an app that would run with full system access on any device .
after using k9 mail for couple of months , problem resolved itself , stock email client stopped crashing . this only confirmed my theory that stock email client on 2.2.1 has issues with overlapping message uids
on a rooted phone with super user terminal client like rom toolbox lite ( from play store ) you can check connected clients using netstat netstat -ntu | grep ESTAB | awk '{print $5}' | cut -d: -f1 | sort | uniq -c | sort -nr  checks on established connections instead of all connections , and displays the connections count for each ip .
if you want to use the internet connection your android device provides to access the internet when working on your laptop , this is called tethering ( this wikipedia article gives you closer information ) . the followint q and a gives you some closer information on this topic : use 3g connection on my android in ubuntu though the title mentions ubuntu , the solution provided there explicitly states to also support fedora -- and it should work via usb cable . starting with froyo ( android 2.2 ) , your device can also directly act as a wifi hotspot ( just check in the setup under wireless and networks ) -- which of course requires your laptop to support wifi ( but which laptop does not ? ) . when running into trouble with this , you might want to check this q and a : tethering an android 2.2.1 ( froyo ) using wifi if your question is rather the other way around : your laptop having internet , and you want to use that connection from your android , this is called reverse tethering . in this case check : connect android device as wifi adapter to a pc to create an ad-hoc network more on reverse tethering you can find checking the questions tagged reverse-tether .
to answer the original question , according to google 's official post , maps on the phone take real time traffic conditions into account when calculating directions . this could explain the discrepancies between the directions you found via pc earlier . the bug you are describing could be a side-effect of this , when navigation is trying to be too smart for its own good , and the route from web is confusing the computation of real-time directions . i would submit this as a bug report to google .
i do not know how to realize that for " specific apps to sync " . but using an automation app like tasker , you should be able to globally switch sync on/off depending on whether you are connected to a specific wifi . basic structure for tasker : create a task , name it e.g. " safewifitask " , and have it switch sync on . ( you can also add other jobs to this task which you want to perform on a " safe connection " , all in this task ) optionally , create an opposite task to switch sync off create a profile with the condition " wifi connected " , and select your " safe network 's " ssid . assign it the " safewifitask " created above , and optionally the " opposite task " as exit task . repeat step 3 for other " safe network conditions " ( tasker does not know about an or condition on profiles ) i have made the " exit task " optional in my example . the reason behind it is : if no exit task exists , tasker automatically restores the " before " conditions , so you might be able to do without exit tasks .
since your question was only 1/2 answered i wanted to complete it . there is an app that will allow you to enable and disable specific apps from syncing . it can also start and stop the syncing process . the app is called synker and the unlock will run you $1.99 but it is well worth it to keep your info secure and to help reduce distractions .
that very much depends how and where you place the " secret " , and what other conditions/restrictions are in place . network storage ( such as cloud services or email ) e.g. require a network connection to be present , and the transfer might be noticed . a local copy might not have the copy-process noticed , but the copies could be found , in most times easily when using a file explorer . your " secret act " might also indicate infringment on a 3rd persons privacy ( if only your own photos are involved , then why the secrecy ? ) , which not only would be indecent , but also may incur a penalty ( no accusing , just a hint ) . but assuming completely legal application , there might be a few options available : photocopy backups photos to email . the app 's description states : " when the program runs , there is no indication at all " photo auto uploader automatically uploads pictures to picasa or facebook after pictures are captured auto uploader does the same for configured services foldersync can synchronize your photo 's folder ( and of course others ) periodically in the background -- to cloud services as well as to your home computer there are more apps for each of the mentioned categories . there may also be some to create local copies , but i am not aware of any at this time .
if i am not mistaken dropbox automatically synchronizes all your photos as soon as you take them . i dont think there is an app that saves the photo in two places . what you can also do is set up a cron job every 5 minutes or so to copy new photos in another directory . personally i think the dropbox solution is better to do . on the other hand you can always create your own application to do so : )
now there is also auto backup from google .
i use simple calendar widget . different skins * possibility to choose which calendars to show * font style and background customization * show or hide current day of month * possibility to choose which application to open * support of tasks using dato gtasks or astrid i cannot post images but here is a link to the app : link
you might want to take a look at pure calendar widget . will cost you about two bucks , but does exactly what you request : widget for agenda / tasks / todo ( agenda style ) synced with google calendars show calendars from google , touchdown and moto/lg exchange show tasks from astrid , tasks ( team ) , myphoneexplorer , ultimate to-do list , tasksync , calengoo , dgt gtd , gtasks , got to do , task organizer , due today , touchdown , pocket informant pure calendar widget / agenda widget for android ( source : google play ; click image for larger variant ) an alternative could be agenda widget for android ( second screenshot above ) , which has a free trial variant ( which i linked ) and comes close to what the previously mentioned does . as i do not use any of those , i cannot tell you which might fit you best -- but at least with the free variant , you might want to give it a try : )
try jorte calendar . it merges google calendar and tasks flawlessely https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=jp.co.johospace.jortehl=en
while you intend to replace the stock download manager , but keep access to google play store , since it is your trusted market , before that , you should try to find the reason as to why are you having troubles downloading apps : troubleshooting download issues is the device supported by google play store ? you can confirm this from the supported devices list last updated 2012/06/29 common quick checks : restart your phone , then try downloading the app again . confirm there is connectivity to either wireless or cellular networks on your device . if behind a firewall , ensure that tcp and udp 5228 ports arent blocked ( they are required for google play ) . clear cache and data of both the google play store app and the download manager : visit menu > settings > applications > manage applications ; tab over to " all" ; select the google play store app , and then tap " clear data " and " clear cache" ; select download manager and tap " clear data " and " clear cache " . aditional information for troubleshooting can be found at google play : troubleshoot an issue . alternatives other app discovery method appbrain , an app discovery service that as per your request still uses google play store as the source for the downloads provide . it features a great instant download tool ( appbrain app market ) , a nice search function , a very clear interface and you can sign-in with your google account . one side note : this app still downloads via the stock download manager . alternative markets alternative markets have their own download manager . they may be a solution , provided the issue does not lie with your current unofficial rom : amazon appstore for android while an alternative market , i have received a notice from the website stating : the amazon appstore is only available to customers located in the united states . getjar launched in 2004 , it grows every day , counts 600.000+ apps , and 450.000+ registered developers . as an independent app store , not tied to any particular handset or carrier , it comes as an alternative solution for you . androidpit androidpit is a web 2.0 network and android blog . was created to bring together android experts , enthusiasts and developers . apps are tested , at least one every day and reviews are published to help users on their decisions . slideme founded back in 2008 , slideme provides a ' managed app-store service ' and builds solutions as per market requirements .
download manager for android download this
as i was writing that question i stumbled upon the answer in a really convoluted menu pathway . i was unable to find it in my prior research on the internet so i will post it up in case anyone is looking in future . open the settings app . go to language and keyboard . touch the settings button next to touch input under keyboard and input methods touch personal dictionary touch edit personal dictionary press the menu button then touch delete then select incorrect entries to remove .
not a dev , but here 's my best stab at an explanation as i understand it ( assuming i have understood your question ) . hopefully i am not too far off the mark . . . all the ' rooted ' roms i have used manage root access user the superuser application - i.e. when you start an app that wants to run with superuser privileges , the superuser application will prompt the user to grant the ' root ' application these permissions . the superuser application then maintains a white-list of apps that have been granted these permissions . this is the same for console emulators , etc , so you grant access to the console application - you do not need to enter a password within the emulator . i do not think you need to worry about the root password for this . with regards to hidden apis - i do not think they are " hidden " as such , as the android os is open sourced in the first place .
the problem with a rooted android is the same as anything running a *nix os with a root password unset/null . . . . any user can type " su " and gain root level ( superuser/full administrative permissions ) access to the entire system without providing a password . put bluntly , you have a totaly unprotected system . as far as i have been able to find , the closest thing that gets android at least close to proper root protection is busybox that has been compiled with /etc/passwd and /etc/shadow support . but once you get this installed and working correctly , you would need to identify every program that needs root level permission and you would have to change the ownership to root and set the suid bit on the file ( chown {file_name} root:root ; chmod 4755 {file_name} ) . . . . the way the android os is currently designed makes it a single user oriented os that is protected by 1 . not allowing anyone root access and 2 . make all the system critical files read only . for the people that are *nix savy , this sucks . . . for the people that basically have no clue , this protects the system and the other people that your system could negatively impact due to ignorance ( like getting infected with a spam bot installed with root level access on your device because you did not protect the root account with a proper password . . . ) .
root in linux ( or any unix-like system ) is just the user with user id 0 . the su program ( which actually stands for " switch user " , not " super user" ) is just a program to start another program with a different user id than the starting program ( by default to uid 0 , which is to user root ) . android does not use the traditional /etc/passwd , however it still uses linux user id and group id for managing permissions . if you want to intercept su requests so you can ask for password or enforce other rules , you will need to replace /sbin/su with your own version of su . alternative approach is the one described here : http://www.koushikdutta.com/2008/11/fixing-su-security-hole-on-modified.html though that will require applications to cooperate by firing an intent when they want to switch user . android security framework is more or less like this : each installed application runs on its own user id ( selected at installation time ) , and application permissions is implemented as user groups . can i change the root password after rooting my android device by simply typing " passwd " ? android does not use /etc/passwd so it also does not have passwd program . how is the rooting process working ? i mean what is the " one click root " apps doing to my phone ? i am not quire sure with the exact process myself , you probably want to ask to rooting developers . however , my guess is it just reverts the security check that originally prevent developer from setuid 0 . and im a developer , so how can i find hidden apis ( like ios ) for rooted app development ? since android is open source , there is no truly hidden api in android . however , there are some unpublicized or undocumented apis , you can browse for this in android 's source code . however , these apis are not about root developments , they are usually in-development apis that are not ready yet or is too localized for specific purpose that is not useful for public developer ( or perhaps google just have not realized their usefulness yet ) . you are not restricted from using these apis , but since these are not an officially supported apis , they may disappear or break backward compatibilities in the future . if you need to use these apis make sure your app breaks gracefully .
i have been having the same problem . it is my understanding that as of now that is the default text message vibration and can not be changed
rooting your phone ( standard rooting procedure ; not from flashing a custom rom ) will not make you lose samsung features . if you flash cyanogenmod ( which is a custom rom that also has root pre-installed ) , you will no longer be able to use samsung 's features . samsung is touchwhiz-based ( tw ) , and cyanogenmod is aosp-based . apps developed only for tw-based roms are not compatible with aosp-based roms .
you will need to uninstall the app from your device and after that the play store should allow you to purchase it .
have you tried browsing the tasker 's wiki ? there are some good pre-made profiles there you can use . the easy way to block calls with tasker is described here : open tasker , create a new profile and name it " blockr " . select the " state " context menu and the " incoming call " context from that menu . keep this screen open and follow the instructions below to indicate which calls you would like to block on your phone . programming the blocked telephone numbers you have the option to enter a single number , multiple telephone numbers , any number that is not listed in your contacts , or any number that is not listed as a favorite in your contacts . any combination of the above options can be included in the blocked call list . multiple numbers are separated by the / symbol which indicates " or " in taskers pattern match . you can also use the * symbol to indicate a match with any number of characters in the telephone number to create area code ( or country code ) call blocks . here are examples of what you need to enter in the caller field of the incoming call context dialog box in order to create each type of call block list : to block a single caller with the number 123-456-7890 enter : 1234567890 to block two telephone numbers , enter the telephone numbers with a / symbol between them : 1234567890/1234567891 to block three telephone numbers , enter all three telephone numbers with the / between them : 1234567890/1234567890/1234567892 to block calls from individuals who are using a caller id blocking feature enter the number zero : 0 to block calls from individuals who are not in your contact list , a pre-configured variable that matches all numbers in your contact list is used ( C:ANY ) with the exclamation point . the ! indicates " not " and is literally interpreted as all callers that are not the number that you enter . in this case , all numbers that are not part of your contact list : !C:ANY to block calls from both callers with caller id blocked and those who are not listed as your contacts enter : 0/!C:ANY to block a number of a specific caller and individuals with caller id blocked enter the number , the / separator , and zero : 1234567890/0 to block calls from all numbers except for one caller , enter an exclamation point before the number of the caller that you want to allow . !1234567890 to block calls from all callers except those who are in your favorite list , enter : !C:FAV to block all calls from an area code , use the * symbol to indicate that any number of characters can be matched following the first three digits ( us area code ) that you enter . in the following example , any telephone number from the 123 area code would be blocked : 123* block all calls from two area codes . simply use the / symbol to combine the area code match in example 10 . in the following example , all calls from numbers with area codes 123 or 321 will be blocked : 123*/321* attach the call blocking action click Done on the " incoming call " context window . select " new task " from the top of the " task " selection window that is displayed . name the task " callblock " . click the ( + ) button at the bottom left hand of the screen to add a new action . select the " phone " action menu . select the " take call " action from the phone action menu . click Done click the ( + ) button at the bottom left hand of the screen to add a new action . select the " phone " action menu . select the " end call " action from the " phone " action menu . click Done . click Done again on the " task edit " window . make sure that the green check mark is displayed next to the " blockr " profile on the " profile " screen . click Apply . tasker will close and " blockr " will begin to actively watch your incoming calls for those numbers in your call block list . when an incoming call with one of the matched numbers is detected , the call is disconnected and your ringer is silenced . you set the actions up to briefly answer and immediately disconnect the call so it is not sent to your voicemail . you can modify these instructions to add another condition which checks the wifi network you are connected to .
you do not need tasker . there is a dedicated app that does what you want : harass me
this thread gives a nice step by step tutorial on how to re-flash to stock ics , which will relash the stock recovery . in a nutshell : how to restore galaxy s3 to android 4.0.4 ics xxlaf2 stock firmware : download the ics stock firmware file from here or here . after the rom file is downloaded successfully , you should extract its contents and you will get a single file with the  . tar . md5 extension . save it on your computers desktop . download odin3 3 . o4 for galaxy s3 i9300 from here . extract odin . zip contents into a single folder and save it on your pc desktop . now , power off your galaxy s3 phone and after this you will need to boot into download mode . boot into download mode by pressing volume down + home + power and release these buttons only after the display powers on . press volume up button to confirm that you want to load download mode . now , go to your pc and launch the odin executable file . the one youve extracted at step 4 . next , connect your sgs3 i9300 to your computer and odin should display a message box saying added ! !  . if you dont see this message then it means that the usb drivers arent installed on your pc and you should use the download links in the preparation guide , the ones listed above this tutorial guide . if odin did find the samsung usb driver youre free to move to the next step . in odin click the button that is called pda . find the file youve extracted at step 2 . it should have the  . tar . md5 extension . select it and it will be loaded into odin . note : dont change any of the odins default settings and make sure that the re-partition option isnt selected . press the start button in odin and the program will now begin to install the stock firmware files . when the installation is complete you will see a pass alert displayed by odin and this means that everything went according to plan . your phone will also restart and after the samsung logo appears you are free to unplug the device from your computer . note : if odin gets stuck you are required to disconnect the phone from your pc and remove its battery and then re-insert it and , now repeat all the entire tutorial once again as something went wrong and the firmware wasnt flashed . that should do it , now your phone has been restored to factory stock firmware . make sure to use the comments section in case you other questions .
on the nexus 7 there is not a separate menu option for " reboot into safe mode " . you have to long press on " power off " and then the safe mode dialog appears . i would try that , since i imagine it would work the same way if the gnex supports it .
you could check whether there is a way to disable keyguard ( there must be some intent to use , as many apps like e.g. tasker support that ) . that would turn any keylock off . one example how to do that i just found at google groups . first , that thread says the keycode should be 59 ( keycode.KEYCODE_SHIFT_LEFT ) , but then also offers alternatives like : heavy hack : ) i would recomment to check the value beforehand , so you can use the same way to revert things back ( i.e. . lock the screen again ) . also , that rather looks like it would only disable the screen timeout ( but not actually disable the lock if the screen is already locked ) . as a similar trick is used in cannot unlock tablet as have no internet connection ? , that might serve as an alternative : but this one only applies if you use pattern lock . as written above , there should also be a way to do that via some intent , but i could not find a clue on which one that might be .
i use a program called silent sifter on our mac desktop . i think it was like $9 or something but it was very worth it . upon initial set up , it got rid of all my duplicates and filed all my existing scattered photos by year and month within that . what i love about it is that you tell it what folders you want to " input " ( dropbox folder , whatever . . . ) and then where you want it to " output " ( i created a folder simply called " photos - master" ) . then you can tell it how you would like the files to be named and organized ( subfolders ) . you can then set it to automatically scan and sift as any changes are made . what this means for me is that anytime i take a photo on my note 3 , it is automatically synced to dropbox ( because i set it up that way in dropbox ) . then silent sifter kicks in on my computer after seeing a change has been made within the dropbox folder . it will look at the exif data on the photo and i have it set to sort by year > month ( because i do project life style scrapbooking ) . you can go as far as sorting by year > month > day > moment . i never have to touch a cord again ! so glad i found this program ! especially because macs are ignorant with android phones . . . do not even recognize them being connected without additional software - such a p.i.t.a. i am sure it can do more than i have even figured out with it yet - i am not super tech savvy but i try !
you can do this using the foldersync app ( it is a paid app ) . the app allows you to setup local folder ( s ) on your device which can be synced to various cloud services , a shared folder , or even ftp ( see below for a full list ) . when setting up a " folder pair " you can choose to " delete source files after sync " . there is also a lite version available if you want to test it out first . full list of supported cloud services/protocols :
once you sign-in to the google hangouts app in an android device , you will always appear online until you sign-out of the app . shutting down the phone , or even uninstalling the app will not do it . i am not sure why she appears offline in gmail .
usually on android phones this is a carrier supplied feature . you can get some visual voicemail app from the play store , or you can move your voicemail from the carrier 's system to google voice , which provides it .
a variety of issues can cause windows to report this device cannot start ( code 10 ) . the first thing to check is to go to windows update and install any relevant updates for your computer . you may also need to select any optional updates which are not yet installed . once the computer is up to date , try reinstalling the device driver provided by the phone manufacturer . you can find these for the motorola droid razr at motorola 's web site ( choose handset usb driver for windows 32-bit or 64-bit depending on which version of windows you have ) . you can also use the motorola device manager to install the drivers .
unrevoked 3 will root the htc desire without replacing the rom , however it does reflash the recovery rom : http://unrevoked.com/#desire
this is to prevent page ads fron draining your battery when you are not using the phone ( for example ) , page execution is stopped . as for opera , i believe they have their own javascript engine , so maybe it is not standards-compliant . or maybe it does not interface well with the android sound system . or maybe the page 's javascript is not standards-compliant .
flash is only available for android 2.2+ . you will not be able to install it on any older version of android .
android does not natively support pure ipsec client to connect to cisco like vpn concentrators . for that first you need to root your device and install any custom rom with tun kernel module support and install this app http://code.google.com/p/get-a-robot-vpnc/ configuration to be used is , connection name : cisco ( can be anything ) ip sec gateway : get it from vpn profile config file [ * . pcf ] ip sec id : this is the groupname , can found in pcf file ip sec secret : decrypted group password ( encrypted password can be found in pcf file ) decryption tool username : vpn user id password : soft token generated password . leave all other configuration as empty or default .
with a " really old " cisco vpn concentrator , there are pretty good odds that you can get by with a pptp tunnel . especially if you are relying on the native windows client from desktop/laptops ( xp ? ) . however , with exchange in the mix you may not need to establish a vpn . my new employer runs exchange and i am using the " mail " app to connect to it with no fuss or muss . it " just worked " after i plugged in the external mail server address (mail.mycompany.com) and my domain creds .
sure it can be done . i never used this feature , so i am not sure whether there is an option for " a simple icon " , but you should take a look at the " bookmark widget": first , start your browser and create a bookmark for the page you want to link to . second , go to your homescreen , long-tap on a free space ( where you want the link to be ) , select " widgets " , and then watch out for the " bookmark widget " . tap it , select your bookmark , et voila ! there should be a shortcut on your homescreen . alternative to the second step : while still in your browser , go to " bookmarks " , long-tap the bookmark you created , and select " add to homescreen " ( source : androidcentral ) . more alternatives : is it possible to create a url link to a website on the home screen ? pinning web sites to android homescreen check the many bookmark widgets available at google play use the tasker app to create a shortcut ( not that easy when trying tasker for the first time , as it is quite complex  but here i am pretty sure it will be an icon . and as side-effect , you have got the mightiest automation tool available for android : ) to do the similar thing to open a file with an associated app , depending on the launcher used , explained using an example : go to your homescreen long press an empty space where the icon should be placed in the opening menu , select " shortcut " select your file manager ( this will not work with all file managers ; in my example , i used es file explorer , which perfectly serves this case ) now navigate to the file you want to create a shortcut for ( in my example , i selected an epub ebook ) the icon should appear on your homescreen . now , tapping that icon , either your ebook reader opens directly ( if only one is installed , or you have made it the default to " always use" ) , or , as in my case , a popup asks you to chose the app to be used ( e . g . aldiko , moon+ reader , fbreader ) .
an answer to this question is very implementation specific , and can in fact only be answered for sure by a swiftkey developer , eventually . in general , word suggestions are based on algorithms that are fed by n-gram dictionaries that predict possibilities for the next word you are likely to type . see wikipedia 's n-gram entry to get more insight . 2-gram or 3-gram dictionaries are likely to be used with swiftkey , amongst other techniques . regarding the strange sentence you auto-typed in : this reflects common use of probable 2/3-grams , so blame your fellow users on the poor spelling , it is just what they actually use .
unfortunately this is a common problem for all xperia j users , including myself . i have installed many recommended apps for moving stuff from internal to external sd card but after doing this , pictures , music , videos etc i have moved cannot be played/viewed meaning you have to move them back in order for them to be viewed/ played again , however adter moving them back my files still did not work . i have not yet come across the answer to solving this problem but i can recommend not downloading apps that move stuff to sd card as they will not work , just clear your cache as much as possible to relieve it of some memory . hope this helps a little bit
sounds like the permission for the mount point of the external sd card got messed up . this is how it looks like on a sgs with cm 9.1: shell@android:/ $ ls -l /mnt/ d---rwxr-x system sdcard_rw 1970-01-01 01:00 emmc 
this is supported in stock android . settings -> languages and input -> android keyboard ( settings icon ) -> advanced settings -> custom input styles -> add style -> set language and layout then to activate this style , go back to the keyboard settings and go to the input languages and uncheck " use system language " then check the languages you want . :- )
i believe it is possible . choose the layout from settings > language and input and the settings button on the side of the android keyboard . you might also try long-pressing the space bar on the keyboard . this page does mention that jelly bean has in-built support for dvorak .
300mb are the absolute maximum you can get without having an ext4 partition on the sd card as a replacement . having a look at http://alpharev.nl/ you see that there is only a 330mb partition left , however none of my preferred roms fit that . it is made for some special rom called oxygen which i did not like . with custom cm9/cm10 builds however i had to switch back to bravo stock again and i set up an external ext4 1gb partition on my sd card . those 1024mb are far better than having 30mb more ( 330mb instead of close to 300mb ) .
it could be your provider . in the netherlands , t-mobile has an option ( or at least had , i do not remember seeing it lately ) to scale-down images in their proxy . as all your requests can go trough their " image " proxy at a click of a button ( probably something to do with your apn , most likely server side even ? ) . . . so it might not even have anything to do with android . . it might be , but i do not remember if it was in my case , the web ' n ' walk accelerator there is some google hits on that , though most of them semi-old . on this link some tips on how to fix it with that webnwalk stuff , probably not what you are looking for , but also some hints on how to send an " always reload " message to the proxy . maybe that helps . otherwise you might need to google some on tmobile and proxy/accelerator .
you have to go to Edit contact , then press the menu key , then select Join . this gives you the list of suggested contacts to join . works for me between google contacts and facebook on galaxy s + cyanogenmod 7.1 .
you can use the join feature to merge facebook contacts as well .
if you are only looking to have your contacts ' display images synced with their facebook avatars , i recommend you take a look at the freeware syncmypix - it is a little unwieldy but tends to do the job .
restoring factory defaults without deleting any apps or data is a contradiction in terms , as that is exactly what the reset does ( see : factory-reset ) . could it be you just want your app to survive , but do not care about everything else being reset ? that could be done by making the app a system app ( see : system-apps ) , which requires the device to be rooted ( see : rooting , root ) in the first place . apart from that , the answer is " no " . as soon as your customer applies a factory-reset , your app will be removed as well .
you cannot update inbuilt browser even though your phone is rooted . anyway you have some other good alternative browsers in market like dolphin , opera .
i am not sure if the browser can be updated , even with root . the best thing is to root your device and install a better rom , if you are stuck on an old android version and unhappy with the browser .
you can have a look at this app
option 1 ( no data at all ) go to settings --> more settings --> mobile networks --> uncheck " mobile data " the device will no longer connect to the internet , but continue to receive calls and text . mms are not possible . option 2 ( data only for mms ) ( source ) go to settings --> more settings --> mobile networks --> access point names --> select your data apn --> apn type remove in the field apn type everything but " mms " . you have to leave " mobile data " enabled ( see option 1 )
you can choose a password that exists of numbers only . i have done that with jellybean , and was annoyed when starting up the phone , and not having the number pad . it worked with jelly bean , and i hope it works with kitkat as well . only thing i would prefer is to have a password for startup , complex with letters and numbers , and a pin for unlocking the phone . that is possible as well i have been told , but you need to root the thing for this to work .
try installing titanium backup and use its " manage android id " function to update your device id and " market doctor " to relink apps to the market
on this forum someone mentioned the following : i just called samsung technical support . google voice has a problem with their server in the mean time you can disable voice command under settings - applications - all - voice command click that then click disable . was told the message will stop popping up . tech # 1800-762-7864 i did notice the same problem on my sgs2 yesterday but i have not seen any error messages since yesterday evening so i suspect the issue has been resolved by either samsung or google .
i was getting this error constantly today , so i went to Settings &rarr ; Applications &rarr ; All &rarr ; Voice Command . from there i clicked Force Stop &rarr ; OK then Clear Data &rarr ; OK . then i relaunched the voice command by tapping the microphone button on my google search widget . the voice command worked perfectly , and i have not seen the error message in about an hour .
for now , you can disable voice commands from Settings-&gt;Applications . i am sure it is a samsung server issue .
well , that turned out to be so easy that i did not found any documentation about that . what you have to do is to long press the keyboard keys just as you do in a soft keyboard , it will show a popup with diacritics you can use for that letter ( in the image you can see what happens when you long press letter " u" ) . then click on the button corresponding to the character you want to use or the close button to exit . ( this image contains icons from farm fresh icons by fatcow web hosting ) note that not all letters have this behavior , in which case at long pressing they repeat as normally do elsewhere .
you are looking for fotakill . apk , it kills the firmware over the air ( fota ) . " prevents googleservicesframework from downloading ota updates " it is a fairly standard apk used and provided with some gapps packages ( google apps package , when you install a custom rom you do not get the google apps , need to install a gapps package ) . . it works for both stock and rooted roms the xda forums have more information about it and download links of the apk , it originated from the cm rom ( cyanogenmod ) but works on stock as well as custom roms . source code : https://github.com/zinx/fotakill download etc for example from here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1832496
during a call press the volume up ( + ) button . you are bound by what levels the manufacturer allows for in the phone and any other law needed to be met within your country . if you are technically inclined , flash your phone with a kernel that uses pershoot audio booster ( usually oc/uv )
from searching android forums i see that some people had screen protectors covering the speaker . could this be your issue ? i also saw reference to the quick settings app which has a voice call volume setting . hopefully you can set that to its highest setting and your calls will at least be set to the loudest setting .
if you can not access developers options , do this first : go to settings -> about phone -> click build number six times in a row . now turn on usb debugging and give root permission to adb . now adb is working i followed the following tutorial : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1236732 and i think i put my edited file on my pc back on the phone . the problem now is that it keeps stuck at htc screen logo . seems there is no other option left then to restore an older version . . . edit : guess it was better to use the original build . prop file from the cyanogenmod . zip instead of editing it . now i have the same problem of adb not finding my device , however this time without a booting system . edit 2: through twrp i restored an old backup , but i selected only to restore system and boot , so i still got most of my data : ) lesson to be learned : before you do some changes to a system , no matter how trivial , backup everything first .
go into settings -> accessibility -> uncheck the checbox power button ends call . now during call , when you press the power button , the screen locks ; pin/pattern/password screen appears . i have tested on my device but not on nexus 5 . have to do in emulator .
according to this thread google talk will attempt to connect over port 80 if it is other ports are blocked . google talk will work over port 80 . if you are using the official client , it will even switch to trying 80 if the normal port ( 5222 ) is blocked . that said , if your employer is blocking talk . google . com instead of port 5222 , you will probably find yourself up a creek . : ) sounds like your best bet is to stop using their wi-fi and use 3g for connection to google talk .
google talk on the android phone only tries port 5222 and if it fails it will not try port 80 ( as the specification requires ) . but there is another answer : imo ( available on google play ) works over port 80 , so it will work behind a corporate firewall . and it is a really good app .
the problem is , that my android device automatically turns off the 3g connection as soon as wifi is available . why do not you shut off wi-fi ? since you can not control port forwarding or anything at work , there is not much else you can do . although , you could just ask and see whether they had consider opening the google talk ports ( 443/5222/5223 ) .
a lot of corporate networks block the 5xxx ports . i am not entirely sure what google talk uses as i have read 5222 and 5228 . the google talk client for windows falls back to port 443 if the connection using port 5xxx is unsuccessful . however the android client does not do this . it only tries on port 5xxx . unfortunately at the moment the only solution is to contact your corporate it and ask them to allow access using the 5xxx port .
this article explains the differences nicely , and this one claims an incredible increase in speed . if you are a visual learner , youtube is always your best bet . but the general consensus is mainly centered around speed . other perks include tethering , installation of apps to the sd card , and updated flash .
i installed them all again . while google play knew my apps , it did not automatically install them again . so pressing install on every app brought them back . about backup , i found that the android sdk has a backup function that backups everything , installed apps as well , next them i use that , maybe this makes reinstallation of apps unnecessary .
unfortunately this is not something that can not be turned on or off . it is possible that it is a vendor specific thing , you do not say what device you have or if you are rooted or not , so i assume this is the case . i am running a sgs3 with a custom rom on it ( aokp ) and i have just restarted the device and can confirm there was no vibration during the start or stop procedure . however my nexus one with a stock rom did vibrate . a possible fix is to root the device and stick a custom rom on there , but that is quite an extreme fix for the issue .
often fastboot drivers are different from the ones used by recovery mode and/or fully-booted android system . i would recommend re-installing the usb drivers on your pc . you may need to delete existing drivers that windows picked up . full instructions with driver download for nexus 4 here : quote : plug your phone into your computer . go to device manager on your computer and locate your device . it will either be under " android devices " or " other devices " depending whether drivers have been installed or not . right click on your phone and select " uninstall . " in the box that appears , check the option to " delete the driver software for this device . " go back to device manager and refresh . locate your phone and right click to select " update driver software . " manually install the drivers by picking the folder of the files you downloaded . unplug your phone and restart your computer . plug it back in and everything should work . download link : http://www.mediafire.com/?8xb50uktar8096i
samsung kies sucks horribly . the only way i have gotten it to work is to run it in Compatible with Windows XP (Service Pack 3) and running it as a administrator . it should work fine then .
i actualy got it by doing the update from a windows 7 computer . kies seems to have difficulties with windows 8 .
you can use the same app that i found for my problem to fix yours : custom locale just install it and then select russian as your predefined language and you are good to go mate .
i have added my language using morelocale2 . . language : ta ( tamil ) country : in ( india ) ta_in i am able to add and select my language . but , it is not changing the default language of the device . . still i could it see the things in english . . any suggestions ?
uthark , you can try using morelocale2 , for an easy locale change .
looks like its device related issue than android os issue . if its a firmware related issue , vendor may be able to offer you a patch . meanwhile if you see an option to switch between number mode and abc mode on your keypad , you can try that . . refer page 29 of device manual .
here you could see a video that shows this issue : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e3mv7m-kzhm update from comments : question solved . i have already update my galaxy s to 2.2.1 and it allow put numbers and letters in bluetooth pin ! ! !
go to the htc site and download the official ruu file for the htc one and run it . there should be an explanation on htc 's site or you could ask them to walk you through it . this will fix the security bootloader thing and update your phone .
the kobo box is a cheap ( price ) tablet and it does have some issues . you better google and read about them before buying one . that being said it can be made to run the google android market . note that you will need adb or root'ing your device to do so . you will also need to repeat those steps every time an update is available for the tablet ( since it will rewrite the partition were you are making the changes ) . still interested ? ; - ) if so then the best instructions for rooting and installing the market are available on mobileread.com. have fun !
well , only if your rooted . you would manually have to install the g-apps recovery update zip . if you tell me your country and phone type , i can provide a link , or you can see all available versions here : gapps downloads
cyanogenmod has a barebones list of apps and the relative safety of uninstalling each . while it is for cm roms , the list will be pretty similiar for the droid . fyi , if verizon ever releases any ota updates in the future for your phone , they will not install if you do not have the stock apps installed . usually you are better off ' freezing ' them with titanium backup .
i am unsure about launcher -- some system apps provide services to the os that 3rd party apps use , rather than replace . for example , the system 's phone ( dialer ) , contact , and messaging apps generally handle communications with the cellular radio hardware or system dbs for messages/contacts/syncing themselves in ways that 3rd party dialers/messaging apps can not replicate or replace . the 3rd party apps still end up using the system functionality . the system needs to have a launcher as a system app , even if you have got a 3rd party one in place . thought experiment : what would happen if you did a factory reset without restoring the system launcher ? now , if you can make go launcher a system app then you might be able to remove the stock launcher . amazon mp3 is pure bloatware if you are not using amazon 's mp3 service . as you have already discovered , car home can also be safely removed .
first of all your phone needs to be rooted if it is not yet . facebook , twitter and amazon mp3 can safely be uninstalled . i am not sure about the launcher . if you are not sure either i would keep it .
try *#*#4636#*#* in your dial pad ( type the * and # also ) . under Phone information you will find Preferred network type . select GSM or WCDMA from there . you will find WCDMA preferred this will use both 2g and 3g whichever has the better reception WCDMA only this will use only 3g GSM only this will use only 2g
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=de.mangelow.network please install this app and try the option wcdma only
in chrome for android , you select " request desktop site " from the menu in the browser . i do not know if your phone ships with chrome as the default browser or something lg have cooked up , so the option might be named differently , but there should be an equivalent . most sites will respect this , but you might find that if a site is redirecting you to push you to a pay service , they have another way of redirecting you anyway .
maybe your smartphone does not support chrome browser . by the way , you can do the thing suggested by @dan hulme with almost every " custom " browser on the play store . opera is a good choice ( you must consider the lightest one ) but firefox , expecially in the last updates , is another good choice . if i remember well , the stock andoird browsers has this option too : try to check in the settings !
can not see how to get an individual bookmark with a thumbnail screenshot of the webpage , but there are a couple of similar things you can do with the default browser in ics . in the screenshot above the top row are bookmarks added to the home screen by going into the browser , opening the bookmarks list , long pressing on a bookmark and selecting " add to home screen " . these appear to be the using the site 's " favicon " . the next two rows are the "3x2 bookmarks " widget , that just lists the contents of my browser 's bookmarks folder . add that by opening your apps list , selecting the widgets tab at the top and then long pressing to drag the "3x2 bookmarks " widget to a home screen . it then gives you a chance to pick a folder in your bookmarks to show ( you could create a new folder in bookmarks beforehand and fill that folder with only web pages that you want to show on your home screen ) .
you could also try visual bookmarks , although some users have found that it no longer works for them . ymmv .
since the sd cards are slower than internal nand memory , by running a rom off the sd you will be sacrificing on the speed . things like booting up and launching apps will be noticeably slower . the class rating of your sd card will play a large role in how much slower your nc will feel when running in such configuration . it is generally recommended to buy at least a class 6 card for this purpose . by running custom roms from the sd card you will be able to easily keep the original manufacturer installed firmware intact . in nook color the sd card is set as a primary boot device , so if it contains a bootable rom image , it will be used instead of whatever is installed on emmc . by just inserting such a card into the microsd slot and turning the nc on , you will be running a custom rom . boot up without this card - and you are back on the emmc rom , be it stock or a different custom one . this can be quite beneficial for quickly testing out new experimental roms ( e . g . honeycomb builds ) without blowing away your main one . although it is possible to multi-boot off emmc without utilizing the sd card at all , it is a lot more complicated to set up and maintain . this involves re-partitioning the internal memory , using a custom boot image , and modifying the start-up scripts for each rom you had like to have installed side-by-side . needless to say , this type of installation is not for a novice .
it happens to my dellxcd too . i think u cant use both bluetooth and wifi in xcd at same time .
there is an application in google play named blade wifi fix ; it will solve your problem .
this could be because of the minimum version you set when developing the application . if you set the minimum to be 2.3 ( gingerbread ) only people that have that version ( or newer ) will ever see your application . the same rules apply for 2.2 ( froyo ) , 2.1 ( eclair ) , 1.6 ( donut ) . if you do not specify that your application will work for them , they will not even see it in the market . i actually think that i was able to answer this question without going in to stackoverflow area of topics , plus it may actually help someone else in the future that has this " issue " . if you do not know how to set the minimum sdk version , that will be a question for stackoverflow .
we all wait for the android version of jitsi which is probably out by next year . it is announced for some time though .
no there is no federated xmpp client for android that supports video calling . federated because there many proprietary xmpp clients that do so , but they work only within their own network . the reason because there is no such xmpp client is pretty simple : jingle ( the xep which is used for xmpp video calling ) , is pretty new and most xmpp libraries do not support it yet . this is espically true for the most relevant xmpp library smack ( relevant because it is a java library ) . smack has some jingle components , but the development on them stopped years ago and they do not seem up to date . but there is hope : for example the beem project started to work on an jingle xmpp branch of their xmpp android client . update : jitsi has not released it yet , but it is already available in alpha and has video calls .
i had that on my old htc magic a couple of times , it is supposedly down to not properly doing the eject disk bit in windows and unmount drive bit on the phone before unplugging it . after it had annoyed me enough times by asking me to repair the disk every time , i unplugged the micro-sd card from my phone , put it in a usb sd card reader , plugged that straight into the pc and let windows run the repair . this time the repair completed successfully , and after plugging the sd back into the phone i did not have any more problems with it ( for a few months at least ) .
groups are not available in the facebook app . you will have to go to the website via m . facebook . com or touch . facebook . com
facebook have just released version 1.4 of their official facebook app for android , this has support for both the new places and groups features ( this is the new groups feature where you can group your friends , not the old groups feature which is a bit like the current pages feature ) . if you have already got the official facebook app installed , then you should be able to update though the market app . otherwise just download it from there !
based on my experience , when using a virtual router on a pc with an internet connection only through proxy , in order for your android device to connect to the same proxy your pc is using , you have to configure your wifi connection proxy settings on your android device to use the same proxy settings on your pc . afterwards , you can succesfully connect using your android phone . i have already tried it on my note3 .
did you specify the proxy configuration when you were setting up the network , you need to enter the proxy details in the network configuration try google nexus 4 android network configuration website its for nexus 4 , but hope its similar to any other android device . http://support.google.com/android/bin/answer.py?answer=1649770 . get an english one or translate this page if its in french . hope it helps
edit : i do realize there is the option to hide the dialpad and input box during the call . however , whenever i need to use the dialpad again i need to make it visible , which then shows my password still at the top . that is an indication of proximity sensor , when the handset is near the ear , the screen blanks out , when you are pulling the handset away , the screen comes back on and can see the dialpad , along with the numbers entered ! is there any way to clear it after entering it ? when you make a check to voicemail , you are dialing the number , then enter the password , then after checking the voicemail , you hangup , does that not clear the dialer ? in certain dialers , you can actually long press on the dialpad 's top screen to bring up a menu , to select all , then cut . . . or long press on the keypad 's backspace button maybe , if this does not suffice , then the only thing that comes to mind , is to either shield the screen from prying eyes or , use an alternative dialer .
no , this is not possible . in order for your device to be in debug mode/ connect to the computer with the debug cable , it needs to be connected as a slave device . the otg cable tells the tablet to go into host mode . so now your computer is telling your tablet to be a slave but through the enumeration with the otg cable the tablet believes it needs to be the master , there is a quarrel and it appears the tablet wins and is the master and thus your computer does not acknowledge the tablets existence . if you need the debugging tools have you looked into adv wireless debugging ? ( sorry i can not find the link right now but i have used it in the past and know it is somewhere on the developer . android . com site ) i could not find the link so i figured out how to do it again : 1 ) open the command prompt and navigate to your sdk/platform-tools/ folder . 2 ) type adb tcpip 5555 3 ) type adb connect &lt;your device ip address&gt;:5555 4 ) at this point you unplug your device and type adb logcat 5 ) at times , such as unplugging/plugging into a usb device , the logcat will become disconnected , just redo steps 3 and 4 .
your assumption that the process which writes the restored files to the storage device runs with " quite high permissions " is wrong . backup service calls backup agents ( implemented by applications themselves ) to backup and restore data . so each app backs up and restores its own backup data .
no , the battery does not care how it got charged in terms of a given charge . it just takes longer when using your pc because it is getting less current from the pc than the ac charger . here 's a post on android forums which suggests that the current coming from the pc is significantly less than the ac charger . the forum posts list 100ma or 500ma for the pc 's usb port vs . 1000ma from the ac charger ; these numbers could be off but the point is correct . i also found this regarding the same phenomenon with the iphone 4 . so using the ac charger is just a matter of whether you want the phone to charge quicker or not .
i made a ( free ) app that shows scanned codes on webpage , allowing easy copy , updated real-time . web barcode
bluetooth barcode scanner wifi barcode scanner
i use kinoni barcode reader pro . a lot of other " send barcode to pc " apps require you to manually setup and configure the server part on your the pc ( mostly vnc ) that receives the barcode . with this one , you just install the app , download their pc setup program and make sure that your phone is connected to the same network as your pc . that is it . although it costs 5 , you are done in no time and it simply works .
to my knowledge , in fastboot mode you cannot mount the device to your pc . mtp and fastboot are two different things . according to the cyanogenmod wiki on fastboot , the solution might be simple : if you see at any point when executing fastboot command , the pc is not configured to use fastboot properly . most typically , this is because you are not running fastboot with elevated privileges . which means : you must run fastboot as root user , e.g. sudo fastboot devices or sudo fastboot-linux oem unlock . if that does not solve your issue , it might help to take a look at the steps necessary to use the adb command line utility : for adb to detect your device , you need to have setup a corresponding entry in your /etc/udev/rules.d . first run lsusb to check how the device identifies itself to the system . these data you can also take from your above quoted log : idVendor=18d1, idProduct=4e20 is the information we need . now , the corresponding entry in /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules should look like : SUBSYSTEMS=="usb", ATTRS{idVendor}=="18d1", ATTRS{idProduct}=="4e20", MODE="0666" GROUP="androiddev", SYMLINK+="android%n"  save the file , and reload the udev service ( service udev reload ) . re-connect your device . now adb ( or , in your case , fastboot ) should be able to find it . you can check that using the command adb devices ( or fastboot devices ) , which now should list your nexus s .
while in your web browser , press and hold the return button on the lower right side of your phone . then at the top of the page select saved pages
tap internet icon , tap on top right corner , tap saved pages on top right corner . done .
going on a plane or in a no coverage area doesnt mean you cant access your favourite videos and documents . in order to have access to offline content , go to the website of your choice using the browser , hit the option button , tap " save for offline reading " . once you have turned off your wireless and 3g connection , go back to the browser and hit the star icon next to the address line . tap saved pages and it will pop up with a list which will allow you to access the sites without internet access .
tap the flag with the star at the top right of the browser and click on the saved pages tab .
where to find it when it was downloaded if you have been able to " download " the file , the most likely location to find it is either /sdcard/download or /sdcard/downloads . it was not downloaded , but " saved for offline reading " but as it turns out , the stock browser did not give you that option , and you had to " save for offline reading " -- which is something different . in this case the file probably is stored on internal storage ( below /data/data/com.android.browser ) . without root you have got not many chances to access it there . so you could either try with a different browser -- or simply copy-paste the text file into some note-taking app / editor ( e . g . jota text editor or amblelink notepad basic ed . ) . alternative download options if you have to do this more often , or formatting gets lost on copy-paste , you are probably much better of with some " downloader tools " . i just know about tasker , which offers HTTP_GET actions . depending on your rom , the shell might provide wget ( stock rom on my milestone 2 had this ) , so all you need in that case is a terminal app ( e . g . android terminal emulator ) , and there simply execute # change to the directory where you want to store the downloaded file in cd /sdcard/download # get the file wget http://www.example.com/textfile.txt  adjust that to your needs , of course : ) special downloader apps other alternatives would include special " downloader apps " , like e.g. download all files or easy downloader , which you might want to give a try .
android itself has no such features built-in ( at least none i know that are accessible to the customer ) . but there are monitoring apps available targeted at " child protection " , which can do most of the things you asked for . one example would be parental control board : parental control : position tracking ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants ) from the app 's description : parents can track all movements of their children in real time from web or from their own devices . at any point of time it is possible to get precise kids location . parents can controls all calls made and received by their children , as well as all sms messages , and set up black lists or white lists of phone numbers for incoming and outgoing calls and messages . additional to your requested items , the app can also be used to lock apps not-to-be-used , and more . not having used it , i cannot tell whether data can be exported to csv , though .
you would need to install a custom launcher . a launcher is the application that you use to launch other applications . it is both the home screen ( view with wallpaper ) and launcher draw ( "launchpad" ) . with android you can install different launchers via the play store to suit your own needs . for example appdrawer ( miui app drawer ) might be what you are looking for .
i found this app " onavo " . i did not try it but maybe you want to ; ) i read that you can set the limit in the data usage settings . but i do not find the settings , maybe because i use stock rom . hope this answer could help you .
from the android emulator docs : at startup , the emulator reads the list of dns servers that your system is currently using . it then stores the ip addresses of up to four servers on this list and sets up aliases to them on the emulated addresses 10.0.2.3 , 10.0.2.4 , 10.0.2.5 and 10.0.2.6 as needed . source : http://developer.android.com/tools/devices/emulator.html so , it is possible that if you have more than 4 dns servers configured , the emulator will not know about them . i do see that you are passing the -dns-server arg on the command line , so can you paste the command line and all args you are using the start your emulator ?
some pointers : the emulator ( it is qemu ! ) does in fact nat the client , has a tiny dhcp server implementation included . the real issue must be here . try to reconfig it to ' bridge ' the client traffic ( search ' qemu bridging + your os ' or ' android emulator bridging ' , etc . ) look at ip and routing conf : adb shell , then ' ip link ' , ' ip addr ' , ' ip route ' if it matches your real network before and after having done bridging setup
have your tried using custom roms . . . i believe aopk and some others support light changes . . . check it out : ) http://aokp.co/
actually there is a way to do this , but it must be done before applying latest batch of updates , so maybe it will not be as practical as one might expect , as you will find out below : go to the app drawer and drag up the play store icon , to app info . tap the button clear data and confirm next time you start play store app , it will greet you asking you to accept the tos again , do it . now the list of recently updated apps will be merged with earlier ones , and next update batch , when done , will show on top of the list . to be honest , i do not recommend you this procedure because of potential collateral effects derived from clearing app data too frequently . i am posting this answer only for informative purposes , but i would rather go with the answer given by @krampus
there is no way to do it via the play store , but there are other ways to do it . you can use something like appmonster or titanium backup ( if rooted ) to display the list of apps ordered by last update date . this will show you the order in which all apps were last updated , as well as the date of the update . to me this a lot more useful than the recently updated list in the play store . it is not a perfect solution , but it gets the job done : )
changelog droid might work for you . essentially , it pops a notification with the " what is new " section from the play store of each app that gets updated .
usb otg compatibility is more dependent on the kernel than the actual operating system . if the stock kernel does not support it , then it will ( most likely ) only be a matter of time until a custom kernel is released that has this functionality . if you were to purchase it , remember that the tablet can only give 5v of power to the device - this stops you from using things such as portable hard drives with the device , which require a large power input . you would be best asking on a dedicated rom'ing forum such as xda-developers to find out if the stock kernel supports usb otg , and if not , a custom kernel can be made to support it . please be aware , that you will need an app that allows you to use the usb otg support .
if your device is still in warranty i would stop fiddling with it and get it fixed at an authorized service center . opening the device yourself will void warranty .
it is a broken phone . send it back to samsung . i also use the features that it comes with and mine works fine .
in the google+ app , tap the " hamburger " menu in the upper left . it should show your cover image , your profile image and name , and a menu of options : home , people , photos , etc . tap the downpointing arrow next to your name . you will probably 1 see an option to " select google+ page " with a right-pointing arrow . tap that . now you should see your page ( s ) available in a menu . tap it . you are now using google+ " as " that page . to go back to your personal profile , follow the same steps , but choose your profile where before you chose your page . 1 if you have done this before , then the page you used before will be listed here along with " switch google+ page " ( if you have more than one page to manage ) . this also assumes that your google+ account is set as a manager/owner of the page in question .
if you have a rooted phone and a updated version of cm , i believe that in settings-> apps-> ( on sd card ) you will find a list with check boxes . but if you do not have cm , well , i recommend the follow app : appmgr iii ( app 2 sd ) .
to move my apps and games to my sd card i use the app " appmgriii " that can be found on the play store . i have had no issues so far . hope this helps !
you already figured it out : when you write an android app , you can do operations which requires permissions . the complete list is the link you have given : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/manifest.permission.html . most of the permissions listed are very explicit for developpers , but for the user , some can sound mysterious . to take your example , the read_phone_state permission is mostly used to have access to the phone id . it allows developpers to know how many users ( phones ) they have . but this permissions also let us know if you are receiving a call or not to react in consequence ( if it is a music application : reduce the volume ) , and things like that . but , for 2 different android apps , you can see the same permissions with 2 different uses of it . for large permission as write_external_storage ( to write on sd card ) , one can just write its settings files , the other can put a malware script on it . . . the only way to know exactly what an app does with the permissions , is to see the code . but , in most case , if it is a non-open-source app , you can not . . . i hope i answer your question . if not , i will try to give details with your more precise question . regards
the best resource i found so far : http://techpp.com/2010/07/30/android-apps-permissions-secure-private-data/
it is possible to use android handsets as a sip phone . there is not even a requirement for a call/data plan , you do not need a sim inserted for it to work . search for sip on google play and you will find some : csipsimple sipdroid to clarify : you most probably mixed something up , a sip ata is an analog telephone adapter , a device that speaks sip on the one an pots on the other side and converts an old telephone into a sip phone . android phones will not do that , they are a handset on their own and have no pots interface . bluetooth will also not help you to connect to asterisk . asterisk is a sip server and does not allow android handsets to pair via bluetooth for calls ( that is solely for using bluetooth enabled phones as fx0/fxs channels for faxing/making calls ) .
there is a sip client built right into your phone ( gingerbread and above ) . you can find this either in general settings , or in settings for the phone dialer app . e.g. in jellybean : go to the phone dialer page ( as if you were going to make a call ) choose the menu ( bottom right vertical " . . . " ) tap settings scroll down to " accounts " and tap it . enter your sip account info . simple as that ! depending on what sip service you are connecting to , you may find yourself in the world of codecs . the built-in dialer will try to use the following codecs : gsm-efr amr gsm g711u g711a if you are using regular an asterisk-based sip server , then it will mostly likely end up using g711 ( aka ulaw ) . i am still experimenting , but so far i have had more luck with gsm and was able to tweak my asterisk server to use that instead . if you are using a 3rd party service , then chances are they have enabled gsm already . that said , i did use csipsimple to get as far as i did . it allows easy selection of which codecs will be used when ( wifi vs 3/4g ) , so it made debugging much simpler . ( btw , their store version is quite old at the time i am writing this . you can also download daily builds and try those . )
well occasionally when you update firmware , your router at home will have problems with the new firmware on your phone ( due to out-of-date drivers , old firmware on the router , router is unsupported by new firmware , etc . ) so if it works everywhere else pretty well , this might be your issue . my recommendation : try downloading a different kernel ( there are plenty out there for the s2 ) , your best bet looking on the xda-forums , maybe start here ? http://forum.xda-developers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=665
i have tried go contacts and go dialer and it seems really handy with useful features and beautiful look ! p . s i wanted to post a comment but i do not have adequate permission for " comment everywhere " right now !
i do not have this problem running on a sgsii on ics . have you tried pausing the game before leaving it ? also make sure you click the home button only once with a fast click . good luck .
the general android behavior is to pause the application when you switch to some other app . it should not cause data loss . in case the app is closed/killed by the os while in background , it gives the app the option to save data in it is apis . if an app is using this proper/recommended way , then it can resume altogether without any data loss , i.e. you can start the game where you left it . but some games may have so much data that it can not be saved easily , that is why you are having issues with multi-tasking . i have not tried shadowgun , so i can not comment on that , but in a game like plants vs . zombies it is properly implemented , and your game is properly paused and resumed . when you press home on the device , it goes to a paused state automatically . so in the end , it all comes down to app 's own mechanics , not on htc or android .
i know this is a reply to an old post . . but i have been running kismet on an original droid with a 8 gig micro-sd card . 4 gig is fat32 for the phone pics , vids , and such . . . . the other 4 gig had debian squeeze running on it . not to hard to setup . . ( i should make a tut : ) lol once the phone is rooted ( must have ) . . you can just use the freebee linux installer from the market . uncheck the loop box in settings , and change the device install to /sd-ext . further at the bottom you will need to change the device to mmcblk0p2 . . or whatever you actual ext2 formated linux partition is . you can type " mount " into terminal , and it will list all the currently mounted directories and partitions . you want to make sure that mmcblk0p2 or whatever is mounted to /sd-ext . the phones by default will mount the linux partition on the sdcard at boot , but just check and make sure . . i suggest connecting to wifi with fast inets for this . . although your 3g with good bars will work just fine for this too : ) just follow the buttons . . 1 ) 2 ) 3 ) 1 is extract debian to * * 2 is install debian to sd card 3 is install script . be patient . . . each step will take time . if you get errors . . check the log . . . each device is a little different , but you will get it : ) i have my kismet log dumps going to the fat32 partition on the sdcard . this way it is very easy to get the files you need for things like kismet log viewer . . . : ) or backtrack : ) enjoy , i hope this sparks some fun for you : )
there are quite a few apps capable of detecting wifi networks , however , pixie ( root only ) is the only passive wifi detector that i am aware of .
looks like there are several options . here are a couple of the more popular apps : wififofum appbrain description : wififofum scans for 802.11 wifi networks and displays information about each including : ssid , mac , rssi , channel , and security . wififofum also allows you to connect to networks you find and log the location using the gps . kml logs can be emailed . wifi scanner appbrain description : *no ads *option to connect added for open networks ! ! ! *update comming soon a free wifi scanner for wireless networks for android . the wifi signal is displayed in dbm format ! if you are looking to sniff traffic try : shark for root appbrain description : traffic sniffer , works on 3g and wifi ( works on froyo tethered mode too ) . to open dump use wireshark or similar software , for preview dump on phone use shark reader . based on tcpdump . please leave comments/send e-mail if you have any problems/suggestions .
i use wifi analyzer , a free tool which gives a good range of wifi detections . it will show you things like signal strengths , encryption levels , ssids on overlapping channels and a few other details .
do you mean where is the wpa_supplicant . conf file ? if so , you will need root access as it is in : /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf 
since the vm decides when to stop the application in order to save\clear memory for other applications you cant decide which application you can keep in the forground . hope it helps .
sounds like a stolen phone ( theft of mislaid property ) . report it to the police . in the us , if you have the esn/meid they can compel the carrier to give them all the info about who is using the phone . i am not sure how these things work in other countries .
sorry to see you losing your phone . have you seen the question " can i remotely launch an app on my android phone ? " in which @jlehenbauer has answered mentioning an app called androidlost . you can try this if you are sure you have your lost phone still uses your google account .
you have to request the correct driver from evolio for your device , i think this is a pure driver issue . http://evolio.ro/en/tablet-pc/evotab-3-tablet-pc.html
you could try preset camera i found this on google play and it claims : summary ( i have left in the spelling and punctuation mistakes as they appear on the play store ) : you can preset the settings about picture . frames , filters , the name of the folders , the name of files . after you preset the settings , pictures you take will be reflected to the setting . this application is very convenience when you take a picture in continuous , or take a picture of fixed location or object . you have no stress to edit the pictures because your settings reflect to all the pictures you take automatically . as i can not tell if you want to do this programatically ( which is outside the remit of this site ) , here is the answer to it in code : stack overflow android - taking photos and saving them with a custom name to a custom destination via intent
yes . the app that starts the intent ( i.e. . the app with the " take photo " button ) is responsible for choosing a file name and creating the file . it then puts that file 's uri ( its path ) in the intent . the camera app then opens that file , writes the photo to it , and gives a result back to the first app . the upshot of this is that it is up to the calling app ( the one with the " take photo " button ) to give you a way to set the file name , if they want to do that . the file name will take effect whatever camera app you use . the intent protocol does not provide a way for the calling app to ask for more than one photo , so there is no way for an app to offer this feature without launching the camera app several times in succession . if you are interested in the details , the official android developer documentation describes it , with code examples .
i have a galaxy s4 with 4.4.2 . i realize that touchwiz is a bit different between the two devices but maybe this will help . i can not tell you for sure what contributes to the ranking on the list but it seems to me that it is based on number of calls primarily . there is no one in my favorites list that i have not made a call to and i have many contacts not on the favorites list that i only sms , email , etc , with . as far as removing a contact , i can hit the menu button and have an option " remove from favorites " which brings up a checkbox list allowing me to delete .
you will have to just google it and find a copy elsewhere on the internet . if it is unpublished from the play store , you can not install it from there anymore .
you only need to enable google now . all other settings are automagically determined by google after a few days of usage . note : you give up a bigger portion of your anonymity for that .
actually you shoud set you home and work address in google maps/latitude . you can do this at least on your desktop by going to http://maps.google.com, logging in with your google account , and clicking My places on the left . this shows the fields where you can edit your addresses . google now will figure out your regular schedule after a while , took a couple of days for me to get the suggestions at the right times .
you need a rooted phone for this . first get the /hosts file : adb pull /system/etc/hosts  this copies it into your current working directory . now make your changes . ( if you are not using a unix system make sure that you use something that supports unix newlines , like notepad++ , sublime text , gedit etc . ) then we need to send it back to the device with : adb remount adb push hosts /system/etc/hosts  the first line remounts your /system partiton so you can write to , and the second pushes it back . now reboot your device . as you already have a terminal open just type : adb reboot 
have you tried opening android market from the home screen , with a data connection ? i had a similar problem with android market details pages and web site and in-app payment methods being broken . eventually i entered through the front door on the device and it made me ok all the new rules and started working again . someone at google screwed up and broke the app unless you use the home screen regularly , lol .
i would just say make sure you have a wifi connection going on and have the google market app open . i think it will update itself after some time . i think it can just take a little while .
this happened to me previously . all i did was just wait and it eventually updated to play store .
is this what you are looking for [ paid app ] : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.vmlite.vncserverhl=en however , if you are willing to go through a lengthy process [ but free ] , you can follow the tutorial here to access your phone via pc .
give androidscreencast a try . you may already need to have usb debugging enabled for it to work , but you have said you already have that enabled , so should be ok . it just needs a usb connection to the phone and goes over the adb protocol .
do you mean with an external keyboard or the on-screen keyboard ? with the on-screen keyboard , usually the &lt;Enter&gt; key turns into a &lt;Next&gt; key ( looks like a right arrow ) when there is another field after the current one . at least , this seems to be how most apps on android work . sometimes it does not change functionality ; this happens most often in web forms where the enter key is a valid input .
if you have swype , all you need to do is long press the space bar . alternatively , you can download hacker 's keyboard from the play store . it has TAB/CTRL/ESC/ARROW keys etc
all you need is the titaniumbackup folder on the sd card . this contains all your backup information . make sure to have the Auto-sync TB settings preference checked . titanium backup , ironically , will not back itself up when running a backup . this check-box ensures that your settings for the app are saved as well ( such as schedules and preferences ) . you can also create an update . zip file which can be used to install tb in the recovery : go to the menu , click more , then scroll down until you see Create "update.zip" . this particular file will not be stored in the titaniumbackup folder , but rather on the root of your sd card . after you wipe everything , just copy the titaniumbackup folder back onto the sd card , install your rom , and install tb ( either from google play or from the update . zip file if you created it ) . it should automatically pick up all its old settings and be ready to restore your apps .
own contact avatar to have your own contact avatar appearing , this varies a bit , due to the device being used or the app being used . what is recommend and should work on any case is that you need to identify yourself to your phone : tap your device " menu " button ; tap " settings" ; scroll your way to " about phone " and tap it ; tap " status": where it reads " my phone number " , you should read your own and up-to-date phone number there , otherwise the phone does not know who you are and cannot use any avatar . a solution to allow you to apply your up-to-date phone number at the mentioned menu , or a solution to have your contact being retrieved from google with an avatar , has already been mentioned here concerning the avatar for the sms conversation , but equally applies to your situation : how to show own photo in sms conversation ? , specially the answer from protron . contacts avatar usually the contact photo is the user 's avatar , if the contact has a google account . to apply a photo or change the existing one , you have to : open the " contacts " app ; scroll your way to the desired contact and long tap it ; tap over " edit contact " from the popup menu ; tap over the existent picture or over the picture square that if empty shows a + sign ; select either " take photo " or " select photo from gallery " to apply the new photo ; after selected , tap " done " to actually save the changes . by now your contact should have the new photo applied to it . official android support page for contacts management : android 2.3 ( gingerbread ) - editing contact details
not easily- no . the notification shade is part of the systemui apk which will need to be de-compiled and reverse engineered to do so . i know of no custom rom or mod at this time which will allow for this behaviour ; although posting this request on the relevant sub-forum for your device on xda-dev might turn up a lead .
yes , it has hspa+ which is what t-mobile 's "4g " actually stands for . this article on androidauthority should help you understanding why it does not have lte .
it appears the nexus 4 does have an lte chip , but its not enabled . here 's a post to get it working : http://techcrunch.com/2012/11/23/how-to-enable-4g-lte-on-the-google-nexus-4/ i have seen a fair amount of youtube videos of people enabling it and testing it .
opengts provides fleet tracking , and there is a ( paid ) android app on the market . given that it is open source , it is always possible someone ( you ? ) could develop a free app as well .
here 's a good , open and decentralized alternative which appeared recently : mqttitude a google latitude replacement based on mqtt mqttitude enables a device to periodically publish its location status to your mqtt broker . if you have previously used latitude , you can think of this as a a decentralized latitude . summary : whether you want to keep track of your own location or that of a family member ( with their consent , of course ) , mqttitude will let you do that in a safe way . there are at least two components you will want to use : one of our apps , and an mqtt broker . the app speaks to the broker . other programs ( we have a few for you , but you can create others yourself ) speak to the broker as well . the smartphone app publishes location data , and the other programs subscribe to that data . a program can store the data in a database , send it someplace ( careful with that ! ) , or simply discard it ( which would not really be useful now , would it ? ) . for the time being documentation is , ahem , a bit lacking , but you might find something useful on our development site . links website api github
sadly no , there is not a way to revoke permissions from apps at this time . i would recommend leaving a review on the market complaining about this , or trying to find the developer 's contact information .
if you have a rooted phone , you can use an app such as permissions denied to deny individual permissions to apps . keep in mind that doing so may break application functionality that depends on the denied permission , and if the application is not especially well written , cause it to crash .
in short , no , you cannot , write a review on the said app 's entry on the play store , and email the developer in question to get that to be made optional via settings within the app itself . if the developer refuses to budge or dismiss the feedback , best to look for an alternative out there .
you can change your " user agent " to Android or iPhone , this would speed up browsing on the laptop . ( there are several addons for every browser out there which can do this ) but would only display the mobile sites , which are designed for use with a mobile device ( e . g a smartphone )
i did not see this issue on a custom rom - is it an issue with the stock samsung rom ? i would suggest you find out - and if you really want to get rid of it , install a custom rom onto your phone after rooting - i find sapir 's cm10 rom to work well , and i do not see this issue . please check http://forum.xda-developers.com for more info on rooting and installing custom rom 's to your device .
i have developed an app called soundabout that you could try . it helps a lot of audio issues such as this .
this appears to be baked in to the stock rom you are using . there are widgets , like silentwidget which will let you toggle the silent mode without using the power button method , although this requires you to go to the launcher to do this - to get around this , have a look at a multitasking app like powerstrip which will allow you to launch apps , see widgets and more from anywhere on your device without having to go back to the launcher .
i did resolve this issue eventually . i use app protector pro on the main account of the device , but it is not installed in the second user . somehow having this enabled on the primary account disrupts the screen ordering on the second and subsequent users . it occurred to me that this might be the case , and testing has proved it so . you need to disable app protector pro to resolve .
cyanogenmod supports this on your phone , though you will have to root and install it . one thing i have noticed ( and have seen others mention ) : it is not very reliable on the droid incredible . sometimes it works , sometimes it does not . sometimes you have to press the button multiple times to wake the phone , other times holding the button works , other times i have just have to give up and use the power button to wake the phone . other phones may be more or less reliable . what does work well with cyanogenmod ( and maybe other " lockscreen replacements" ) is using the button to unlock the phone . of course , if you are using a pin code , swipe pattern , or some other security measure to unlock , then that will not work so well .
not come across any app that lets you reassign the functions of the keys , it may be possible with a custom rom image but i have not seen it mentioned .
this should actually be pretty easy and does not require rooting or custom roms , but you will need a ' lockscreen replacement ' app to do it . the app ' widgetlocker lockscreen ' allows ' easy wake ' that allows you to customize which button ( home , menu , trackball , volume , etc ) wakes the phone . check it out on the market , it is $1.99 . there may also be other lockscreen replacement apps out there , but that is exactly what you need : a customizable lockscreen replacement app that supports the feature you requested . widgetlocker is an example of this .
if your phone still has power , you can install and start androidlost remotely .
if you know the imei of the phone it could be possible to track it and find it . the problem is that network operators are very unlikely to do this without a police order , and the police does not seems to like hunting lost phones very much ( unless you are an important person or politician ) . i read about a stolen mac case when the police did not make too much effort for recovering it even after the real owner bought them photos of the stealer . so , unfortunately , there are not big chances to get your phone back . . .
i am using runkeeper for recording my sport activities .
i have used my tracks while walking , and a cyclist friend of mine is fond of sports track live
i am using free version of endomondo
try gps logger for this purpose . edit : gps logger is a free app for recording gps data . you can log in kml/gpx , upload directly to dropbox or google drive .
the short answer nope , not possible , or at least compicated and tedious , because android defaults to wifi since it is generally faster , more reliable and has no data cap however you may want to look into this app . while it requeires a rooted device , it allows you to leverage on both your wifi and 3g to download at the same time . the long answer as t0mm13b has suggested ( and i eagerly defer to him ) , if you are really serious about this and have the necessary expertise , you can modify the source code to remove the mutually exclusive flip/flop and also at the ril layer unfortunately , i am not qualified enough to do more than point you in the direction of the android developer page if you decide to go down this route .
according to several sources ( including a.o. technipages and androidcentral ) the cause of this problem is lacking space in your device 's internal memory , which must have at least 25mb free space left . t-mobile 's support pages have a detailed instruction on how to solve the issue . though for some steps it was not clear to me what android version ( and what menu option ) they were referring to , as a basic abstract the most important points include : remove apps you no longer need this is the fastest solution , as it will certainly reclaim larger amounts of space per single step . to do so , you can e.g. use androids default app manager : go to settings &rarr ; applications &rarr ; manage applications , select the downloaded tab ( you only can remove apps you downloaded yourself ) , check which apps you no longer need , tap their entry , and hit the uninstall ( or remove ) button . in case this is grayed out , you might need to force stop the app first . move apps to your sd card this option is available with android 2.2 and higher , but does not work with all apps . in short , apps must actively support this -- and must not provide widgets and some other things in order to be moved to sd card . the built-in " mover " only permits you to move apps applying to these rules . cleaning up caches you can do so manually going to settings &rarr ; applications &rarr ; manage applications , select " all " ( not just " downloaded " ) , tap each app , and select the clear cache button . clear history this is for your call-logs etc . i doubt this reclaims lots of space . having followed these essential steps ( which i placed in the order of " most effective first" ) , your problem should be gone .
there are two ways you can remove the ted videos in bulk : go to the path /sdcard/Android/data/com.ted.android/files/ using your file manager in android . delete all the videos directly from there . in your ted app , go to My Talks menu and then tap the vertical dotted icon at the right-top corner which will popup a dropdown menu . you should tap the Remove Items option which will show x at the left of each of the downloaded videos that you want to remove . hope it helps .
i have found the solution . while on My Talks tab , press/tap options button to bring menu . from this menu , tap Remove Items which would allow you to selectively remove downloaded videos .
on the My Talks tab , tap/press options button ( you can tap the overflow menu in the top right corner if you are on tablet ) . there is a Remove Items in menu . that should do the trick . it puts an x on all the videos and i am assuming a tap on that will delete them . i have not done this , because i have not gotten around to watching them yet .
i checked that myself . i installed cwm 6.0.1.0 on my galaxy tab p5100 , then i tried to restore the twrp backup that i already had , and it did not work . maybe it needs a little more technical work . but with a normal procedure , it does not work .
you could try switching your router temporarily to 802.11n-only mode and see if the tablet still connects . if the tablet does not connect , it does not support it .
prior to ics , android used /system/mnt/sdcard as the point for mount . some versions by manufacturers used /system/sdcard instead . ics , thereafter , changed it , but kept existing mount point for backwards compatibility with legacy apps . now , /system/storage/sdcard0 or /system/storage/sdcard1 , particularly , jb on tablets , is used to accomodate multiple user accounts . crucial point is the name or alias for external storage is sdcard for legacy reasons and will stay that way . or in technical parlance , symbolic link in filesystem terms points to sdcard . usually , 0 represented internal storage , 1 represented external storage . the increased trend in dropping sdcard at expense of cheaper to manufacture rewriteable flash drives , bigger capacities , is prevalent .
it is not exactly true that they go to the same place . the "0" folder as you call is is what is actually stored on the phone . so if you have your camera taking pictures and storing them on the device as opposed to the sd card , you will see those pictures ( dcim folder ) under /storage/emulated/0/dcim . under extsdcard you will see things stored on your removable card .
because of how android has evolved over the years many newer devices have the same files mounted ( usually with a bind mount ) in multiple places . others are symbolic links . it is really too bad that the file manager app is not showing you these details :-/
i do not know about " legacy " or "0" , but /sdcard is a symbolic link to the sdcard device folder . at the terminal , run " ls -l " . add the end of some lines , you will see : sdcard -&gt; /mnt/sdcard etc -&gt; /system/etc  and maybe others depending on your setup . this is standard linux setup , and makes both places link the same place - so there is no duplication .
you can try side-loading a flash player apk file . there are a whole lot of them floating around on xda , such as this thread which has a download for flash 11 . whether or not it works will also depend on other factors , such as the version of android on the device and the processor it has ( flash requires an armv7 processor and android 2.2 or later ) .
try settings > applications > manage applications . all > network location > clear data .
there is probably tons of ways to do this , but here 's what i can think of offhand : if you have adb set up on your computer then use it to push the rom file over : adb push /path/to/ROM /sdcard upload it to dropbox , box , or any other cloud file storage service and then download it via the associated android app upload it to a file sharing service like mediafire and then download it in your browser if you downloaded the rom from somewhere , visit that site in the browser on your tablet and download it directly install a file manager or other app that supports ftp and send it over via a wifi lan connection ( one example ) try kies air - i think it supports wireless file transfer
some phones allow the user to assign single key presses as accelerators to start applications , dial regular contacts , or the like . is it possible you set something like this ? check your keyboard settings for a keyboard type you may not use regularly . i think i remember this was a possible setting on the galaxy stratosphere , or similar . update : the stratosphere has this setting under applications\quicklaunch . it can accept a combo key press to start any application at users discretion . maybe you have ' m ' or ' o ' set somehow similar .
this is something of an oversimplification , but the simple answer is : you can not . what makes this an oversimplification ? well , it is because it depends on how a given app is implemented . android applications are based around the concept of an activity , which is described in the development documentation as : an activity is a single , focused thing that the user can do . when a new activity is launched it is placed onto a system-wide " activity stack " at the top of the stack ( for anyone unfamiliar , see stack ( data structure ) ) . when the back button is pressed , the current activity ( at the top of the stack ) is finished and removed from the stack , causing the previous one ( beneath it on the stack ) to be brought to the foreground . this pop/bring-to-foreground behavior continues as you keep pressing the back button until you land at home , which is the start of the stack . from here , you cannot go " back " any further . now , how does this apply to apps ? in many applications , an activity represents one , individual screen . when you advance to a new screen , then , a new activity is actually created for the screen and pushed onto the stack on top of the one that created it . in apps that use this design , hitting back will , in fact , bring you to the previous screen . the reason should be fairly self-evident : the screen you are currently viewing is on the top of the stack , the previous screen sits below it ( since they are each activities themselves ) . thus , hitting back removes the current screen from the stack , finishes it , and then loads the previous one . this is not a required model , however . you can have an activity that contains multiple layouts and screens . we have used this in my office to , for example , create a configuration wizard of sorts . the idea is that hitting back should simply exit the wizard , and there are " back " and " next " buttons on the screen itself to provide navigation . thus , even if you are on the third screen of the wizard , you have not created any additional activities , so hitting the back button ( hard button ) will take you out of the " wizard activity " and back to the " menu activity " . further , the behavior of the back button can be overridden by an application of they so choose . it simply calls a method named onBackPressed() , which performs the default behavior of going backwards on the activity stack . however , if there is an overridden implementation of onBackPressed() in the current activity , that will be executed instead . so to sum up : the idea that the back button goes back to the previous " screen " is not guaranteed at all . the hard back button deals with activities only , which are often " screens " to the user , but are not necessarily , and are in no way required to be . there is no concept of " go back one screen " unless the app you are using says there is , but that functionality is still not guaranteed to be provided by the back button itself . further reading : activity and task design activity documentation
if an app does not take you to the previous screen when you hit back , there is nothing you or android can do about it . you could ask the app 's developer to implement it but that is about it .
i think autoshortcut can do the trick : autoshortcut is a plugin for tasker or locale that allows you to run any of your installed apps ' shortcuts .
this can not be done in a totally automated fashion , as indicated by the accepted answer to this stackoverflow question . basically , it is against the android security model to allow Unknown Sources to be changed programmatically .
just download lets meetup navigation and share you directions and meet up with your friends
unfortunately , there is no way to create these links in the google maps app .
i have not been able to find out how to do that either . however , i have found you can share places by clicking on them and then selecting " share this place . "
as of the date of this posting you can not do this in the android app . however you can access it through google maps website . so instead of using your app navigate to google maps through your browser . it will take a bit longer to load so only do this if you have to share the map or directions . seems like a natural to be able to share this function via sms to non smart phones . it equals free advertising for google . i hope they add this soon to the mobile app !
maps . setting up directions and alternate routes in google maps is much easier with a full-fledged web client . then , when i have what i need , i can send it to my phone .
i can think of one nasty block of text off the top of my head : your bit . ly key that you have to provide to 3rd party applications ( i.e. . twitter clients ) . it is like a 20+ random character string . so any other long " key " like string would be a good reason to blast it from your desktop . images : maybe you found a cool image for a desktop background ?
chrome to phone also allows you to send phone numbers to your device . highlight the phone number , click the chrome to phone extension button , and wham , it is open in the dialer on your device . really handy when you have been researching businesses online and now want to call one of them . i am not sure if foxtophone supports this too .
installing new apps . i have a firefox keyword bookmark to androlib . com , so if i want to install an app , i just type e.g. " al newsrob " , which starts a search query on androlib , then select one of the hits , and click on the market:// link there . chrome2phone on the device then launches this url in the browser , which immediately causes the market installer for that app to appear .
you can also type " tel:12345" into your browser 's address bar ( foxtophone , not sure about chrome2phone ) to make the device present the dial screen with that number already entered , so you just have to pick it up . ( no , i do not actually use that , but it is a nice demonstration . ; ) )
in my case gmail is filtered at work . so to send an email i only have my mobile as an option . i type up the email on the desktop and use foxtophone to put it on the clipboard . beats scraping it out on the touchscreen !
never even considered this until your question , but here 's what i have got working pretty well -- droid vnc server from the market . fairly quick refresh ( as fast as i am used to on vnc ) , better than the sdk screencast or droid explorer . even has http server support built in -- in fact , i have not tested yet with a desktop client , but the http/java client works well enough .
yes , rooting is usually ( but not always ) required . the following are some options : android screencast : probably one of the more easier and popular sol'n google code project " android vnc " . have to search for it , i can only post 1 link at a time right now . . . droid explorer : app from marketplace android vnc server : a guide that uses a different apk from either sol'n above try them out and see which one gives you the best options .
maybe you should give the android-notifier over at googlecode a try when using a mac or linux . the android-desktop-notifier works fine when using windows .
one really easy solution platform free that work over bluetooth wifi usb tethering and also wifi , is simply airdroid . it allow lots of thing and is very convenient .
maxs ( modular android xmpp suite ) allows remote connections to your android device over xmpp . it allows you to control various aspects of android , includes a sms/call/battery notification and reply system . additionaly it is able to send and receive files to and from your android device . there are many other features too . using xmpp as transport , the " desktop app " can be every xmpp client . which is one of the big advantages of maxs , as it does not need a dedicated desktop app . although there may be one in the future . note : according to the faq i have to disclose that i am involved into maxs . maxs is an open source gplv3 licensed android app . everyone can contribute .
picme works surprisingly well as an alternative to vnc . i recommend using it over wifi , though . ( as opposed to 3g ) http://www.appbrain.com/app/com.bw.picme
gtalksms ( google code project page ) is a alternative for android-notifier which works over xmpp ( gtalk , jabber ) . it allows you to control various aspects of android , includes a sms/call/battery notification and reply system . additionaly it is able to send and receive files to and from your android device . there are many other features too . using xmpp as transport , the " desktop app " can be every xmpp client . which is one of gtalksms big advantages , as it does not need a dedicated desktop app . note : according to the faq i have to disclose that i am involved in gtalksms . gtalksms is an open source gpl licensed android app . everyone can contribute .
yes ! it helps to talk about " android the platform " and " android the os " android the operating system : this is linux . it runs the linux kernel so it very much is linux . the standard libraries are a little different and you as a user or developer of an android app wont have anything to do with this " linuxey " side of things* . android the platform : this is a java-based-desktop platform that you can write applications for . it uses the dalvik** vm to run specially packaged java jar files containing your code . this is the part of the android phone you see and interact with every day* *unless you root your device . then you have access to everything . **dalvik is also a cute little ' town ' in iceland with some great glaciers , two ferries to wonderful islands and no good coffee bar .
the short answer is yes . the longer answer is . . . android uses a modified linux kernel to run the basic operating system functions . however , android does not use the same libraries that you would see in a typical desktop linux system ( basic libraries such as glibc ) , so you can not just run any program on android that you can on other linux systems . besides the fact that some of the libraries are different , android does not provide a very easy way of running applications that are not build on their java-like api they call the " andoird platform "
yes .
yes , here is the source code download and what you need to use it . http://source.android.com/download and the license agreement : http://source.android.com/license home page : http://www.android.com/ the wiki : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/android%5f%28operating%5fsystem%29 from the wiki : at google , the team led by rubin developed a mobile device platform powered by the linux kernel which they marketed to handset makers and carriers on the premise of providing a flexible , upgradeable system .
have you checked if there is anything set in Settings &gt; Language &amp; Keyboard ? let me know if it works .
new bluetooth profiles android 4.4 support for two new bluetooth profiles to let apps support a broader range of low-power and media interactions . bluetooth hid over gatt ( hogp ) gives apps a low-latency link with low-power peripheral devices such as mice , joysticks , and keyboards . bluetooth map lets your apps exchange messages with a nearby device , for example an automotive terminal for handsfree use or another mobile device . as an extension to bluetooth avrcp 1.3 , users can now set absolute volume on the system from their bluetooth devices . platform support for hogp , map , and avrcp is built on the bluedroid bluetooth stack introduced by google and broadcom in android 4.2 . support is available right away on nexus devices and other android-compatible devices that offer compatible bluetooth capabilities . source : android kitkat
the full list of profiles is : advanced audio distribution profile ( a2dp ) headset profile ( hsp ) health device profile ( hdp ) health thermometer profile ( htp ) heart rate profile ( hrp ) human interface device profile ( hid , inputdevice ) message access profile ( map ) personal area networking profile ( pan ) audio/video remote control profile ( avrcp ) generic attribute ( gatt , hogp , btle ) : bluetooth 4.0 required generic attribute server ( gatt server , btle ) : bluetooth 4.0 required
you can use any browser that supports streaming . you type in the address bar or google search for youtube . tap on the link for youtube . then search for your video ( s ) . there maybe some buffering issues on low-end/legacy devices . you can change the quality of the stream ( ie . 240 , 480 , 720p ) . aside from that , make sure all background processes are shut down and you do not have any other running apps . as to which one works best , that would be an opinion and not correct forum for this . although i just use stock android browser .
not in the usa . virgin mobile usa 's network is cdma , while the galaxy note is a gsm phone . virgin mobile uk is a gsm network , so galaxy note will work on it . although depending on whether the phone and the carrier use the same frequencies for 3g , you may only get 2g speeds .
ok so it looks like you are not trying to run it properly . first things first you need to create an android virtual device ( avd ) . this will be the profile of the device you will be emulating . open up a terminal and follow these steps . make sure you have the sdk installed and you are in the ./tools directory of your sdk . for this example i will be creating an avd named " nexus_7" . step 1: determine your target : /.android list targets  you will get an output of all of your available targets , here is the one i will use : step 2: create the avd : ./android create avd -n "Nexus_7" -t 3  for simplicity , when it prompts you to create custom hardware specs , just enter ( or enter no then press enter ) . you should get output like this : step 3: launch the emulator here is the moment of truth : ./emulator -avd "Nexus_7"  it will take quite a while for the emulator to start , especially on the newer android builds . you can screw around with hardware acceleration if you want it to move a bit faster . also you should use screenshots to speed up the boot time . i got all of the info from : android docs
i think if your phone is 16 gb the max you can go with ext sd card is 16 gb any bigger and the phone does not know what to do so 32 will not work that is what they told me for my galaxy s2
no , there is no default blocking of port 8080 , accessing an http server from the same machine does not itself cause a problem , and there is no standard way to configure a server . the standard way to configure anything in android is through the application itself , with the gui it provides , not by editing xml files . after trying everything you have , i would suggest it would be best to ask the developer for help directly .
try accessing your server using the address : http://localhost:8080/ or http://127.0.0.1:8080/ those are called loopback address and should always refer to the machine running the program . is there any default blocking of port 8080 , or otherwise noteworthy issues that could explain this port number , the local machine connection to it , etc . ? unless your device is configured otherwise ( e . g . with firewall or iptables ) , when an application have privilege to full access to the internet , they will be able to connect to any port and listen to non privileged ports ( specifically > 1024 ) . many network providers have firewall which blocks incoming ports , which can interfere with your ability to connect to a device if you are using your external ip address or machine name . loopback addresses are resolved locally and can only be blocked by a local firewall . is accessing data from the server while on the server problematic ? no it is not , and it should not . is there any standard way server software is configured/set up ( so i could maybe tweak around with a goal specifically in mind ) ? refer to your web server documentation .
in my view , battery capacity i.e. the mah value is best the way to compare . the reason why i say this is that the battery drain includes so many factors that even a small software glitch can show a remarkable difference . hence the standby time is a combination of several factors which are not reliable for comparison , unless they are from from same manufacturer ( with a hope that there will not be variations in test situation ) . the guide from gsmarena explains this clearly as : manufacturers measure talk time in controlled conditions and the quoted numbers are rarely reached in real-life scenarios . these numbers are best used as reference when comparing phones from the same manufacturer because battery life measurement methodology will probably vary from manufacturer to manufacturer . with battery rating at least you know your how much capacity the battery has and how it gets used or wasted is simply a temporary situation ( i.e. . by changing rom , updates , platform upgrades etc ) .
this is because option " scanning always available " is turned on in wifi advanced settings . turn it off may solve this issue . ( click on image for larger preview )
wi-fi is usually turned ON or OFF manually . if it is turned on , and it is not in use or phone is considered sleeping , it is still running . you might want to check with the cyanogenmod forums if there is any wi-fi issue for that version .
actually , wifi can be turned on or off manually , but you can set how the wifi will behave when the display is turned off - be it allways on , or turn off when screen is turned off and leave only 2g/3g/4g on . this settings can be found under the advanced setting in menu on wifi settings page . downside is that you are using your carriers data connection during the phone sleep and there may be some lag when waking-up the phone thanks to wifi reconnect .
one more solution to your problem is to use an application like juicedefender . the answer to your questions also remains , yes it is normal for the wifi to be always on and as others mentioned you can either turn it off manually or let an app/os do it for you . some roms manage it well in built but still require the data to be turned off , otherwise there is persistent battery drain . i will highly recommend juicedefender as i have been using it for quite some time and it can prolong battery up to 2x .
the wi-fi device inside your phone ( that includes the radio transceiver as well as the hardware that decodes the signals and tells the main cpu of the phone ) has several different power states . even when the wi-fi is on , after it is idle for several seconds , the wi-fi device goes into a low-power state . in this state , it is still connected , and can still receive data : when new data arrive via the connection , or when the phone wants to send some data , it quickly powers up to the working state . the low-power modes are not made visible to the user , so all you see is that the wi-fi is on or off , regardless of whether it is draining power because it is working all the time , or saving power by staying in the low-power state . if you are using a custom rom , it is possible that a bug in the driver integration is preventing the wi-fi device from going into its low-power state . it could also be caused by a poorly written app sending or receiving data very frequently for a long period : even if it is a small amount of data overall , if it is sent intermittently , it could keep waking up the wi-fi device , draining power unnecessarily . as others have pointed out , you can choose for wi-fi to turn off completely when the device screen is off . this setting is not always practically useful . if you have 3g turned on instead , then the phone actually uses more power to send data that way ( but less power to stay connected-but-idle ) . if you have 3g turned off or it is not available , then turning off wi-fi means you do not have any network connection at all , and can not get notifications of new mail and c . until a few seconds after you next turn the screen on .
my phone was a yakju and i do not know why those ones are updated like 2 months after the takju . i had to flash it manually to turn it into a takju and after reboot the update was directly available .
two possible reasons : your carrier has not released the update to their customers yet . check their support website or call their support to ask . if you have ever rooted your phone and removed and of the systems applications , which includes bloatware apps like facebook that come preinstalled , you cannot get ota updates as your phone 's system will not match the update anymore and so it will not install .
maybe wait , i had a nexus one and my phone get ota three or four month after the google release , because of my carrier . but you can get the zip file of the ota package and make a manual install . you can find the file on xda i think .
i have the same problem for about half of a year . i have tried entering " checkin " secret code in phone dialer many times , many weeks in a row , tried to clear data of google service framework - no luck . but yesterday i have finally get updated to android os 4.1.1 ! here is how i did this : open phone dialer , enter *#*#2432546#*#* ( numbers is representing word " checkin" ) wait for message " checkin succeeded " in status bar ( you need active internet connection , wifi or mobile - does not matter ) open system settings -> apps -> all -> google services framework click " force stop " button , wait few seconds next click " clear data " button when open settings -> about -> system updates . you should see something like " last checked for update on 1/1/1970 " click " check now " button if you did not receive update yet , repeat this procedure from first step few more times ( i have succeeded after second attempt ) . you could also try to replace step 7 by step 1 . all this sounds very strange for me , but i have tried some separate parts of this sequence many times before and it did not work . yesterday i have repeat all 8 step exactly as them written above , two time in a row - and i have finally get jelly bean on my galaxy nexus ( i have yakjuxw firmware ) .
according to the version numbers you have posted , they are the android version numbers with zero padding . therefore these can be directly mapped to " friendly " names , which can be found for example on wikipedia under android version history . so the remaining should be :
tasker is the way to go with this one . or , i suppose llama might do the trick for you as well -- as for the receiving end , automatically refreshing a browser window ? you had need a bit of javascript for that --- you would have to be hosting the image share service , yourself - which i do not think you are going to do . . right ? you could , after all , have a simple webserver on the phone that is taking the pictures , and do it that way , as well . . but that requires a bit of knowledge on how to configure your firewall --- do you really want to take a picture every 30-60 seconds ? and record each picture ? or would you rather have something that takes a picture when you want to see it ? teamviewer would be your best option in that case -- you could just use teamviewer to get into your phone , and either leave the camera running or just use it to take a picture . or , the combination of those two things are probably going to be your path of least resistance --- //edit based on your comments , it seems like this is the route you will want to go . 1 ) . set up an http server ( not ftp ) - on your android . connect your android to wifi so you can have a static ip , which will simplify the rest . 2 ) . tell your firewall/gateway ( dependent on your isp ) that your android device is an http server . 3 ) . set up llama to take a picture every x seconds , and put the picture in /path/to/http-server/latest-picture ( if you want to save all the pictures , then you will need it to mv /path/to/latest-picture /path/to/older-pictures_{timestamp} - which llama has variables for , i am sure . . . 4 ) . point firefox to http://your.external.ip.addr/path/to/latest-picture voila - ! this can be a bit complicated , but if you have patience , i will help .
that is my solution : create a tasker profile that is triggered every x minutes . its task has two actions : take a picture and save it with a static name upload the photo to a cloud storage i found foldersync , which has a tasker integration and it lets you upload files to many kinds of cloud storage ( as title and description suggest , at least - i did not test it yet ) including ftp , sftp , google drive and dropbox . to receive the images in a webbrowser , a simple js script should do it if you make your uploaded file public ( 'everybody who has the link . . . ' ) . otherwise , you may have to implement an authorization in your script . so it should be possible to use these two apps for your purpose . here are some pros and cons : advantages while you can use dropbox or something similar , you do not have to host anything it is relatively simple disadvantages you searched for a solution with one app but need two ( i think thats a minor . . . ) you will have to buy foldersync ( and tasker , eventually ) hope this helps ( at least for getting new ideas ) !
another approach : the free app ip webcam is a video streaming tool primarily , but there is also an option to fetch only a photo . it brings a webserver where /photo.png is a continuously updated resource . since it gets refreshed each time you request it via a browser , you do not have to care about taking a picture every x minutes . you then can use port forwarding on the router to access the phone 's webserver from www . ip webcam also features authentication with username/password , but i do not know how secure it is .
most of the terminal commands in android are the limited version of standard linux/unix/posix terminal commands , provided by the toolbox program . notably absent from toolbox is the cp ( file copy ) command , you must use cat file1 &gt; file2 instead . if you spend a lot of time in the shell , you may want to install busybox , which provides a richer set of standard posix commands . there some bit about android shell here : http://benno.id.au/blog/2007/11/13/android-under-the-hood
you may have a look at http://www.busybox.net/downloads/busybox.html for a description of busybox and the commands provided by it . and trust me , if you are going to do work in the console , you probably want to use busybox .
the majority of " standard " android shell commands are found in /system/bin/ and the majority of those are symlinked to toolbox , a bsd licensed set of applets , similar to busybox , but without the gpl-2 licensing ""issues"" . toolbox helps google 's need to remove dependence on gpl code , and is targeted to small size and specific android tasks . it was not meant for end-user use . there is no builtin manuals in stock android , and toolbox applets lack any documentation , from the commands , from toolbox itself , and online . they are very limited copies of what most users would consider the standard posix type tools . more similar to the bsd-utils , so bsd util flags are more likely to work and behavior is more similar to bsd-utils than it is posix . even then , toolbox applets lack many of those flags . the closest thing to documentation is the source code . which , like most of android , available online . here is the froyo version of the toolbox source : https://android.googlesource.com/platform/system/core/+/froyo/toolbox just find the version you need . keep in mind , different manufacturers might change the code . samsung 's toolbox is different from motorola 's . heck , samsung galaxy s toolbox differs from samsung sidekick 4g ( galaxy s based ) . manufacturers might add applets for their own use , or change the default for specific purposes . the restart applet in toolbox will work on the phone it came on , but the busybox restart applet will not , unless specifically patched . Time and Date are also different . there are others as well . so toolbox is not something you can completely replace with busybox or the full gnu-utils or whatever .
i would suggest starting an android virtual device ( avd ) , connecting to it with adb , and running the android shell command in question : if anyone knows the flag to give android shell commands to just print the usage screen , please let me know . i tried --help , -help , -h , --usage , etc . try to run ls /system/bin and see also http://developer.android.com/guide/developing/tools/adb.html#shellcommands
since i stumbled over the same problem as you did i started to compile a list of useful commands in the android shell including examples . a german version is on my blog .
prolly went to battery saver cause you had low battery and changed it automatically , youneed to change the amount of time back to what u want every time battery saver comes on , or dxit the settings in saver
you can use wakelock detector to find out what app is causing the behaviour . remember to read the correct procedure from the app 's info : how to use : 1 install the app 2 charge your phone above 90% and unplug cable ( or just reboot the phone ) 3 give it a time ( 1-2 hours ) to accumulate some wakelock usage statistics 4 run wakelock detector , it will display wakelock statistics for you ! 5 check the apps on the top , if they show very long wakelock usage time then you found the cause of your battery drain ! *note : wakelock statistics are gathered since step#3
as long as it is the exact same model ( be very careful here , since nexus 5 has gsm and cdma models ) your plan will work . if you are planning to unlock your phone 's bootloader , root it and install a custom recovery and rom , it is easily done with nandroid . on original nexus 5 you run nandroid backup . using adb pull copy the newly created backup directory to your pc ( the path will be different depending on the recovery you are using . ) unlock the bootloader of your new nexus 5 . boot into your new phone and enable usb debugging . now hook it up via usb and accept the authorization prompt . this is a very important step . do not skip this , otherwise adb will refuse to connect to the phone , even in recovery . install same version of custom recovery as you were using on your original nexus 5 . using adb push copy the backup folder you retrieved in step 2 from your pc onto the new phone . on the new phone boot into recovery and run nandroid restore . keep in mind that nandroid does not back up or restore the contents of media storage ( /sdcard ) , so you will need to copy those files manually ( adb pull/push works quite well , or you can use other methods as izzy mentioned in the comments ) . if you cannot ( or do not want to ) unlock the bootloader , you may want to look into using adb backup tool . however , this method also has its down sides ( e . g . sms messages are not backed up or restored , failure to back up some media , etc . )
in fact , one is available from motorola here , posted by reddit user troub ( source ) . it is a .dae file but can be converted using autodesk fbx converter ( see www.cadstudio.cz/download or www.autodesk.com/fbx ) . alternatively , it is posted here on thingiverse as a .stl file .
i then tried uninstalling gmail by deleting the file and then trying to reinstall it from the play store you can not install it from the play store , you can only update an existing version . this is to prevent phones that have not met google 's official criteria from getting the core google apps , though there are workarounds ( see below ) . the apk deletion seemed to put it in a strange state where it disappeared from the phone . . . but still the play store considers it as installed deleting the . apk is akin to deleting acrobat.exe from windows without uninstalling adobe acrobat . it will not run since it does not exist , but the system still thinks it is installed and there may be other junk left behind . to fix this you had need to flash the google apps package ; this question might help with that . since you are only suffering from the market not auto-updating right now , you can either try to trigger the update or manually install the new version ; see this question for that . in the future do not delete apps you want ! or at least back them up :p
even i was facing the same problem since day one . fyi but it is connecting to the other wifi network . finally it worked in this way . . i went to the router setting added guest network and security none and do apply . once setting are updated turn off ur router for 1 min and switch on . restart your phone . then try to connect to the guest network . once you are able to connect then you can change the security settings by changing none to wpa in the security . hope this helps u . . : )
you just need to access " my location " in maps . click the " location " button in the bottom right corner to have the map scroll to your location . ( obviously you need to have location services turned on . ) the button will turn blue and there will be a glowing blue dot at your location . tap the button again and the view will change to " compass mode " , a partial-3d view with 3-d building outlines and pointed in the direction you are facing . the button will change to a compass . tap again to get back to the top-down view .
as i mentioned in my comment , upon further research i found that " follow me " feature or " navigation without destination set " was removed from the latest release of android map app . following someone else 's advice i am switching ( at least for now ) . to the waze app
if you long press over something in the aquos , " peel off " is used to remove it .
if you press and hold the folder , one of the home icons will turn into a trash icon . just drag the folder to the trash icon .
according to the dolphin for android phone faqs , you can manually create a shortcut to the home screen : how do i create a shortcut for dolphin sonar to the home screen manually ? please click menu> more> settings> gesture and sonar > sonar settings> create shortcut .
i believe the clock application on the htc desire is one made by htc and not google . i believe google is in the process of releasing their own clock application via the market as they have done with their other apps like maps and soon to be gmail .
it appears that it is possible to get the " set alarm . . . " voice action working by installing a leaked version of deskclockgoogle . apk as described on this website . i have not tested it . it seems that this feature is not yet officially released but is coming soon .
in order for the voice actions to successfully set the alarm the device must contain an app that implements the android.intent.action.SET_ALARM intent . ( read more in the documentation of android . provider . alarmclock . ) there is no guarantee that your device contains such an app ( unless it is a stock android ) . the situation is worse on samsung galaxy s ii ( with ics ) which by default comes with samsung 's own clock app which seems to handle the intent but actually does not , i.e. in response to the voice action a blank clock window pops up and no alarm is set . so voice actions will not even find out that the alarm setting task was not carried out . the only app that i am aware of that properly handles this intent and can be used with voice actions is alarm clock plus . it is likely that there are more such apps but android market does not make finding them easy , because it does not offer a search-by-intent feature . . .
i have come up with one potential answer myself : trim solid state disks ( ssds ) and some flash memory require the operating system to perform a kind of housekeeping task to maintain the efficiency of the device . the operating system command trim is explained in this anandtech article : http://www.anandtech.com/show/2738/10 its applicability to certain android devices , including my samsung galaxy nexus and asus nexus 7 is explained in these xda developers threads : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2104326 http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1971852 an xda member wrote an app called lagfix which purports to exercise the trim maintenance function , thus restoring write performance for the device . since i recently performed a complete factory reset , i am no longer having performance problems and thus i can not directly corroborate the purported benefits of lagfix . if i am in a position where performance is suffering , i may do some benchmarking and see if lagfix improves the situation . please be aware if you plan to try lagfix that there are some devices that have chips that do not play nice with this utility . these chips have what is come to be called a brickbug , and if you run lagfix on one of these devices , you will irrevocably brick your device . i highly recommend you follow the advice and read the lagfix faq . it points to a utility which can tell you if your device contains a chip that may suffer from the brickbug . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=37029420postcount=122
tl ; dr - restored performance of my asus nexus 7 16gb by deleting several gb of unneeded files . i recently solved a performance problem on my asus nexus 7 ( 16gb , first generation ) using an unrelated solution to the lagfix/trim solution outlined above . although lagfix seems to have solved the problem on my verizon galaxy nexus ( performance remains excellent to this day ) , i continued experiencing truly awful and unacceptable performance on my asus nexus 7 . my research yielded many reports that if the nexus 7 memory gets " too full " , performance degrades significantly . my device had 3 gb of free memory , so i was skeptical that my nexus 7 was " too full " . i used the excellent diskusage utility to inspect the contents of my 16gb flash memory to see if i could clear out some space . i discovered a movie file i had long since watched and forgotten about consuming several gb of space . i deleted the movie file , a number of old nandroid and titanium backups i no longer needed , and deleted a couple gb of podcasts i did not need . this freed up several gb on the device . performance is now excellent on my nexus 7 . it feels like new .
to answer your question , i would like to quote something called , dalvik vm and android file system . the android file system would have below partitions ( as common in most devices ) , \system \boot \data \cache when ever you flash a new rom and corresponding files would be moved to corresponding partitions . when you flashing a new rom without wiping , the files in all partition would be overridden ( if files with same names ) and some of the older files may remain as a debris . \cache \data the above two partitions are rom specific , whenever there are new apps installed , the temporary data and its cache would be created and stored in respective partitions . when you wipe , old data and cache items would be cleared . all android applications are optimiz to dex ( . odex ) to run in dalvik virtual machine ( similar to java vm ) . these items need to be cleared when moving to different roms . some info about dalvik - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dalvik_%28software%29
couple options : use the swap file feature of your ram manager . that'll give you more ( up to 256mb more ) memory to play with and might be enough to stave off the music player kill . toss the ram manager and use something ( like minfreemanager or manually edit the values in /sys/module/lowmemorykiller/parameters/minfree 1 ) that will let you manually specify the low memory killer 's parameters . for the latter , since your priorities are not the usual ones ( kill foreground before killing background , rather than the other way around ) , you want to toss the presets ( which assume " the usual priorities" ) and set the values as such . specifically , you want to set the visible_app ( an app that is not on screen , but is doing something , in this case , cranking out tunes ) value to be lower ( and thus lower on the kill list ) than the foreground_app ( exactly what it says on the tin ) value . further information on what the lmk does and what all these values mean can be found on my answer to this question , which is probably more relevant to your question than the one it was an answer to . 1 as i mention in my other answer , values in this file are in pages , which are 4kb . 8192 , for example , is 32mb .
you could use adb and transfer using the adb pull/push commands . not sure of what distro of linux you are using , but i found this that says mtp is packaged and available for ubuntu though a package called mtp-tools . also note that this is not specific to android 3 . x/4 . x , this is true for any devices that run 3 . x/4 . x that lack an external sdcard . if the device has an sdcard slot , you will be able to mount the device like in previous versions of android .
working mtp on ubuntu for galaxy nexus , nexus 7 and acer a500 where to start . i found some instructions for the nexus 7 ( which i had just brought ) on this site ubuntu 12.04 - automount nexus 7 in mtp mode . all credit to the author of that page for figuring it out . the instructions i have below come from this site , are trimmed to the commands , if you want more explanation see the above site . i used ubuntu 12.10 , and have configured for my nexus 7 , galaxy nexus and acer a500 . instructions configure fuse change /etc/fuse . conf so its read by all . . # sudo chmod a+r /etc/fuse.conf  edit /etc/fuse . conf to remove the comment # from user_allow_other so the default fuse . conf will look like compile and install go_mtp create mount point ( s ) setup udev rules use your favourite editor and create the following file ( remove any other android udev rules you might have experimented with first ) . # sudo vi /etc/udev/rules.d/99-android.rules  paste in the following contents . you can remove rules you do not need , the two nexus devices appear to have the same ids for the bootloader and recovery . note : you need to replace #yourlogin# with your username/login . note : if you used gedit and you have edited the file , you need to remove 99-android . rules~ as udev will get upset . . next , restart udev # sudo service udev restart  edit /etc/fstab finished . you can now connect your devices and the internal storage will be available for use , you should remember to un-mount before disconnecting though it does not seem to do any harm . . note : it seems that the env{id_model} for the nexus 7 changed to nexus_7 at some point ( i think with the android 4.2 update ) . . from http://www.winters.org.nz/android-hints-tips-stuff/working-mtp-on-ubuntu
i will expand idea of ryan conrad : adb from android-tools is the way . i prefer to follow this guide to install eclipse with android-sdk : http://developer.android.com/sdk/installing.html installation depends only on jdk . no installing of new packages . i personally do the same few steps ( =extracting two folders anywhere and configuring eclipse ) in the same manner on ubuntu , mint or debian distributions and all is just working . after completing this classical guide i have two new folders : eclipse and android-sdks . in the android-sdks folder . /platform-tools/adb is the path to adb tool , which can be used to push ( upload ) and pull ( get ) files from android devicewithout mtpfs or additional mounts . as adb is command-line program , it can be automated in a jiffy . moreover , you have eclipse 's file explorer view , which provides nice graphical tree filestructure and basic drag-and-drop interface ( do not forget to select your device in the devices view first ! ) . the big shortcoming of this method is that only adb tool sees the device and can access it . the rest of my system , including nautilus for example , still not sees the device . but after getting used to stability and robustness of adb that is not the issue for me .
you can use bluetooth . bluetooth ftp ( file transfer profile ) is supported by linux and there is the bluetooth file transfer app that adds this functionality to android . it is however not that fast ( &lt ; 200kb/s ) depending on your bluetooth versions .  there is a fuse module called obexfs , here 's my nexus s mounted : some file explorers support it via plugins directly ( nautilus/gnome/kde/ . . . ) here are some ubuntu related obex questions .
well , there is a very useful tool , its name is " wifi file transfer " . just download it from play store on your android device and install it . it turns your android mobile on a mini server that allows you to download and upload files from and to your phone .
mpfs is a fuse based file-system that can mount the nexus on your system . mtpfs -o allow_other /media/MOUNTPOINT  will mount it for you . to unmount simply umount /media/mountpoint
another option is webdav . setting up an android webdav server on my stock nexus 7 , i installed webdav server , opened it , clicked on the start button and was immediately able to see my /storage/sdcard folder in my web browser at the url displayed by the application , i.e. http://192.168.x.y:8080 note that with webdav server , you also have the option of selecting root ( / ) or dcim as well as sdcard as the webdav root . using the webdav server via nautilus in nautilus i selected " connect to server . . . " from the file menu , selected " webdav ( http ) " , entered 192.168.x.y as the server and 8080 as the port and clicked on connect . navigating through the directory hierarchy is slower than accessing other network shares , but not unreasnable . copying a single 42mb file via nautilus took around 12 seconds , so 3.6mb/s . mounting a webdav drive from the command line i installed davfs2 and mounted my share as /mnt using the command : sudo mount -t davfs http://192.168.x.y:8080 /mnt  copying the same 42mb file but with more precise timing , took 12.88s or 3.24mb/s . $ time cp music.fsb /tmp real 0m12.880s user 0m0.002s sys 0m0.143s  caveats webdav access is not secure . even if you set a password on the webdav share , the connection is still http not https , so it is not encrypted . only use webdav on a secure wifi network and certainly do not enable the webdav server while you are in an internet cafe or other unsecured wifi .
you can use the ftp protocol at usb cable speed with this app ( not that it requires having adb , but after you have set up adb connecting/transferring is quick and painless , and you can even view the files in your favorite file manager . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.theolivetree.ftpserver instructions are in the play store description .
you could also try mtpfs or gmtp . mtpfs allows to mount the mtp device as a filesystem , while gmtp is a standalone program . over at askubuntu there is an answer that shows how to use mtpfs .
allowing cpu frequency to be set directly by user level process is a security issue . it is a hardware functionality that could affect other processes running on the system . on an ideal system , no user level process should be able to affect the execution of another user 's processes , except through explicit interprocess communication ( e . g . pipes , signals , files , etc ) . examples of damages that could be done : battery life : a malicious or poorly written could set cpuat aconstantly high level , draining more battery than is necessary , without attracting suspicion because it uses little cpu for itself . poor performance : a malicious or poorly written app could set the cpu frequency at constantly low level , resulting in poor performance . this could then be used to trick user into purchasing our downloading unnecessary optimizer apps , among others . conflicting cpu frequency set by multiple apps could lead to really unstable system performance and general havoc as they keep overriding each other . this reason alone could make the whole cpu frequency setting useless . the solution to this ? any single process should not be able to directly set cpu frequency . instead non root process should only be able to give hints , and the system could then pick the best frequency setting , taking into account the hints from all processes , system policy , and process accounting information . this is what cpufreq " governers " are . one of the job of operating system is to moderate access to shared resources . also , it should be noted that lowering cpu frequency does not always lead to better battery life , depending on the work load , lower frequency could also mean it takes longer time to finish the task , and this could easily negate the savings .
mucking about with cpu frequencies can lead to instabilities in your system and might also lead to hardware damage . such a critical function is best left out of the hands of normal users who do not really need to make such changes . since this most certainly a core ( important ) function , one needs root access .
1 ) because only the root user can change the system 's frequency/governor . it is a system level function call and only root can do that . 2 ) under clocking really is not the problem . . . it is over clocking . you can not really damage the device , but you could end up in an infinite boot loop and an average user may not know how to get out of that . 3 ) also : you usually want to replace the kernel when over/under clocking to get new frequencies and possibly under volting to save power ( but at the same time , you are going out of the parameters of the cpu and it may end up boot looping because no two cpus are made exactly alike when you are doing things outside their normal operating parameters ) .
if have to disagree with sparx , if you change the cpu frequency via the supported methods that every modern cpu provides , changing it , even in a fast sequence , does not affect stability . i would even rule out hardware damage , because of the sophisticated security mechanisms in modern cpus ( overheat protection , etc . ) . why can only root set the frequency and the frequency governor ? well , first because it is linux that only allows root to do so . second , i think that it is because the average user should not care about . it is the system that decides which frequency is the best in the current situation . it does so automatically , without user intervention and it does the job good under android ( imho ) . while thinks like setcpu can prolong battery life , it also can shorten it , if it is done wrong . the question here is : do you believe that a 3rd party app does better battery management than the one that the manufacturer of the device ? in certain cases sure , but not always .
i had the same problem and i found the solution is to rename a file in the system folder : remount /system in read/write mode ( use something like the root explorer app or es file explorer ; both have root modes ( check the app 's settings ) for remounting /system as writable ) rename the /system/recovery-from-boot . p to /system/recovery-from-boot . p-bak ( note : you could delete it , but renaming is much safer since its easily reversible ) you could also do this manually in an adb shell or on-phone terminal session : mv /system/recovery-from-boot . p /system/recovery-from-boot . p-bak after you have renamed the file , you might have to re-flash your cwm if it had been missing previously http://androidforums.com/galaxy-nexus-all-things-root/470831-how-all-things-root-samsung-galaxy-nexus.html#post3712027
both ubuntu phone ( which is based on the same linux distro as full ubuntu ) and android run on a linux kernel . however they differ above the kernel level , whereas ubuntu runs a full gnu/linux os with most of the standard linux libraries , and a gui based on qt , android runs a custom android and dalvik platform instead . it looks like one of the big benefits of them both being based on the same linux kernel is driver support . this means that for any android phone that has open-sourced drivers available ( either officially from the manufacturer 's source , or where a 3rd party rom developer has written them ) , it should be a much easier to task to get ubuntu phone running on it . ( notably pretty much every picture on the ubuntu phone site at the moment looks like it is of a galaxy nexus running ubuntu phone ) . ubuntu has already been adapted to run on chipsets using the arm and intel x86 architectures relevant for mobile devices , with the core system based around a typical android board support package ( bsp ) . so chipset vendors and hardware manufacturers do not need to invest in or maintain new hardware support packages for ubuntu on smartphones . in short , if you already make handsets that run android , the work needed to adopt ubuntu will be trivial . ( from http://www.ubuntu.com/devices/phone/operators-and-oems - my emphasis ) this means that , initially at least , it is phone manufacturers and ubuntu enthusiasts who are going to see the biggest benefit - that it should be fairly easy to get ubuntu phone working on a handset that was designed for android ( and fairly easy to sell the same hardware with a choice of os ) . as the vast majority of android apps are written using java for the dalvik vm , neither of which are guaranteed to be on an ubuntu phone ( though enthusiasts may port them later ) most of those apps will not work without a large amount of porting effort . ubuntu themselves are unlikely to be in a hurry to port java and dalvik to ubuntu phone after the legal problems that google have had with oracle . also the ubuntu phone has it is own qml toolkit and ubuntu sdk , neither of which are the same as ( or compatible with ) the android sdk or ndk apis , so again that is going to be a large amount of porting effort that will prevent android apps from being run on ubuntu straight away . on the other hand , if your app is primarily a web app with an android wrapper around it , then porting should be much easier as both heavily support html5 and javascript . web apps are first class citizens on ubuntu , with apis that provide deep integration into the interface . html5 apps written for other platforms can be adapted to ubuntu with ease , and were targeting standard cross-platform web app development frameworks like phonegap to make ubuntu just work for apps that use them . ( from http://www.ubuntu.com/devices/phone/app-ecosystem ) despite all of those differences , history in the mobile space has shown us that if a mobile platform takes off in a big way , then no matter how big the time and effort needed to port apps between platforms , all the big apps and games will make their way to the new platform eventually and companies will come out with toolkits and software that makes it easy to write an app once that can then be compiled to run on any of the major platforms ( that allow it ) . it seems that most of ubuntu 's app-portability is concentrating on making it easy to convert web apps into ubuntu phone apps , and to make it easy to run exactly the same app on any ubuntu device - desktop , laptop or phone : with the arrival of the ubuntu sdk , apps can be written to work on all ubuntu form-factors : its the same ubuntu os on the desktop and on the phone , so a single native application can work on both . which means you re-use most of the app when you add support for a new form-factor . ( from http://www.ubuntu.com/devices/phone/app-ecosystem ) tl ; dr ubuntu phone and android are both based on a linux kernel but are different above that - they can share drivers ( this is good for manufacturers and hobbyists ) , but can not share apps . ubuntu phone shares apps with desktop ubuntu , not with android . they both have good web browsers and can view the same web pages .
there is no difference . the device was simply renamed within the build system between the release of cm9 and cm10 , as the cyanogenmod wiki page for the i9100 notes : this device used to be called galaxys2 on get . cm , so older builds of cm can still be found under that title . so builds of cm9 ( or earlier ) will use the galaxys2 moniker , whereas builds from cm10 onward will use i9100 .
sync your google account in emulator , and go to play store .
steps : go to sdk/platform-tools with the command cd /home/android-sdk/platform-tools you should copy the .apk you want to install in this directory and add the path of it to environment variable in variable path " you might need restart"(PATH=$PATH:path to apk) list the devices with the command . /adb devices you can install your file with . /adb install . filename . apk example for step 2 : . /adb devices list of devices attached emulator-5554 device example for step 3 : . /adb install andexplorer . apk 1083 kb/s ( 338651 bytes in 0.305s ) pkg : /data/local/tmp/andexplorer . apk success
well this is defined per app in its manifest . it registers to a certain Intent . the app that implemented the ' open with ' option checks which applications react to a certain Intent , and shows the list of those applications . i do not think you can modify this at runtime . ( or you could create a new application which reacts the the ' open with ' and creates another intent which the photo editing app reacts to . )
if your device is rooted , you might want to take a look at location cache or ( if your android version is lower than 2.3.3 ) also android location cache viewer . both apps give you insight into google 's location cache , the first even permits you to clean or disable it . location cache ( source : google play ) note that those apps stopped working with android 2.3.3 ( cache viewer ) resp . android 4.0 ( location cache ) .
i asked a similar question . as a workaround , you can use the data profile feature of titanium backup pro with the analytics app .
lifehacker published on how to use vlc-shares to recreate airplay with android . link
dlna is basically the same thing . there are several apps that allow you to use dlna like twonky .
try emit . it brings air video functionality to android .
this is a member of the viber r and d team . i am here to assist : ) viber has an " exit " option , inside the " more " tab . after choosing this option , viber should shut down completely , and not leave a process running . it can still stay available for calls and texts with the help of the c2dm service , that " awakens " viber upon incoming calls and texts .
this is not possible , since viber needs to be running in order to receive calls which are routed via viber . if you shut down the background process , you can not be reached via viber . the exit button just means it closes the ui , but keeps listening for calls in the background .
check the internet connectivity in status bar ( top bar ) , if alphabet ' e ' is displayed , then internet connectivity is fine otherwise contact your service provider for activating edge/gprs services . if alphabet ' e ' is displayed and internet does not work , then turn off your mobile , take out the sim and reinsert it after 10-12 seconds . turn on the mobile and check . now internet connectivity should be restored .
there currently is no official update for the n1 to gingerbread yet . however , you could root your phone and install cyanogenmod 7 ( nightly , it has not hit release candidate yet ) to get gingerbread on your phone . from what i have heard , the nightlies have been pretty stable for the n1 . more details on the cm wiki here . basic steps include : root your phone install rom manager flash clockwork recovery make a nandroid backup of your phone flash cm7 note : rooting your phone will void your warranty . for more info about rooting , see here and here .
it is going to vary a bit by device and os version . i did find this however , which is specifically for updating the nexus one to android 2.3.3 ( which is out officially ) . sick of waiting for your nexus one to get the ota update to android 2.3.3 gingerbread ? its your lucky day , as you can now manually install the update to your phone without anymore waiting ! download the nexus one update from this link here . rename the file to update . zip ( if your os hides file extensions by default , rename the file to update to avoid it being renamed to update . zip . zip ) connect your nexus one to your computer and transfer the file to the root of the microsd card ( inside no folders ) power down the nexus one . now reboot it by holding the power and volume down at the same time . you should now see a screen with androids on skateboards . using the volume keys , navigate to recovery and press power . the recovery screen will only show a triangle with an exclamation point in it . to get to the recovery menu press power and volume up at the same time . ( it can be a bit tricky sometimes , so keep trying if it doesnt work the first time ) using the trackball , scroll down and select  apply sdcard:update . zip .  to start the update . once the update has completed , reboot your nexus one . youve successfully updated to android 2.3.3 . have fun !
it is because you have synchronization off . how else is your device supposed to tell the gmail servers that you have read a message ?
install the official dailymotion app from play store . click the download button as seen on the picture below . ( left of hd )
there should be no real " requirements " for launchers - as long as they could be downloaded to your phone they should work . maybe one ore more functions could be slower on older devices if the hardware is not really new , but the base functions should just work . . .
there are a couple of ways to temporarily disable the pin . one that i use is an app called unlock with wifi . basically , as long as my device is on my home wi-fi network , the pin to unlock is disabled . as soon as i leave home with it , thus disconnecting from my wi-fi , the pin lock is re-enabled . ( the free version only lets you connect to one home network . )
at the time i was semi-blindly following another poorly written walkthrough that just had a series of commands without explaining them . now with some knowledge i eventually worked out that it was better to flash the image to the phone . still do not know why it was taking so long though . eventually with flashing to the phone and then the cyanogen mod , i got it all working . now with rommanager on my phone it'll be sooo much easier in future !
the picture is linked to the google+ profile . when youtube switched to g+ for comments , existing youtube accounts were basically converted to a limited g+ profile . so , you may actually have more than one g+ profile . go to google+ on the computer . trust me it will be easier than the mobile site or the app . in the upper right corner , click on the picture or icon that is there . you should see the g+ profile you created and below it your youtube profile . if you are already on the profile with the picture , click on the " change photo " banner that appears over the profile photo . if you are not on the profile with the picture , click it to switch to that profile . then click the picture in the upper right again and click the " change photo " ribbon over the picture . now you can change the photo to whatever you want or just upload a generic or even solid color picture . i do not know of a way to completely delete it , so maybe just upload an all white box instead .
you are probably looking for k-9 mail , which is a traditional mail client in the spirit of mutt ( but with less vi ) .
android 3 . x is reserved for tablets , and so would never be running on an actual phone . as for 4 . x , it is basically a waiting game . if there have been assurances from htc that the update will eventually be available for your phone , you will just have to wait until your phone tells you it is available . the only way to speed things up would be to monitor the forums and see when others have gotten the same update . then you will have a chance to download it yourself and tell your recovery to install it . even then its still a waiting game .
this is often caused by linking other social networks ( via the appropriate app ) or third party e-mail providers to the android device . this will cause the contact lists or address books to be synced and shown in your device . this includes for example last fm yahoo mail skype etc .
besides the source mentioned by flow , since gmail may , depending on your settings , automatically add people you send messages to to your other contacts list , that might also be a source of unexplainable contacts in your contact list .
you can use light flow to customize led notifications ; it also has a lite version . light flow allows you to take control of your notification led colors and makes them successively flash one color after another . it also allows you to set repeating sounds on vibration patterns for you notifications . you can also set a " sleep " mode or " on charge " where the lights and/or sounds and vibrations will not be heard or seen .
i am going to answer generally , since the same is true of any smartphone . there are broadly two kinds of colour screen used on mobile devices ( smartphones , tablets , wearables , and handheld game consoles ) : lcds , and oleds . lcd screens these change their opacity according to an electrical signal . but to see that change in opacity , they need a source of illumination : a backlight . in early pdas and the first few generations of android phones , cfls ( which are basically small fluorescent tubes ) were used for backlights , but these days many lcd screens are lit by white leds . either way , the brightness slider controls how bright the backlight is by varying the voltage to it , so it directly affects power consumption , just like a dimmer control on a lamp . it used to be the case that lcds used a lot more power to be opaque , so displaying a black screen drew more power than displaying a white screen . however , manufacturing techniques and densities changed a few years ago , and the difference is negligible these days . oled screens oleds are a new kind of led . they can be a lot smaller than traditional semiconductor leds : small enough for each pixel to be a separate led . there is no need for a separate backlight . because of this , the brightness slider multiplies the brightness of every pixel separately . decreasing the brightness setting does not decrease power consumption directly . the power consumption of the screen depends on how bright is the actual image it is displaying . in general , decreasing the brightness slider will tend to decrease power consumption , because the screen is darker overall , but a white screen on minimum brightness will draw more power than a black screen on maximum brightness . some phones with oled screens have software that adjusts the brightness dynamically , instead of simply multiplying the screen colours by a constant value . this increases the brightness of the bright colours when more of the screen is dark , and decreases the brightness when more of the screen is bright , so the overall brightness looks the same . this can help save power : when you have adjusted the brightness so darks are clear in your environment , there is no point in the phone burning more power to make the brights look brighter than you need . on samsung phones with oled screens , you can find this in the display settings , labelled auto adjust screen tone . summary whatever type of display technology your phone uses , decreasing the brightness control can use less power , but for different reasons in each case .
lowering screen brightness is one of the energy-saving tips always coming out on top . that is not even specific to your samsung galaxy mega , but valid for all devices . for other tips ( and more details ) , see e.g. what can i do to increase battery life on my android device ?
answer : no based on the currently available information at their support faq page , no , you cannot disable the " sim card change notification " feature with remove sms control : how can i control device via sms configuration 1 ) set a password and enable sms command option using " preference " menu of the app 2 ) send sms commands locate phone : ## locate password siren : ## siren password lock screen : ## lock password screenlockpassword factory reset : ## wipe password reset and format sd : ## wipeall password toggle gps : ## gps password toggle wifi : ## wifi password toggle bluetooth : ## bluetooth password what can you do : you can let the phone owner know how to access the app and from there , pressing " preferences " , it can access the " allow notify via sms " enable/disable checkbox :
try wiping data and cache , and if it does not help , reflash rom to your phone via kdz updater .
when small blue writing appears , let go of just the power button . it should then boot into recovery . source . disclaimer : i am dladdict on xda .
click on tabs icon in upper right corner go to options click on close all tabs
according to this google support page , you can not . you have to close tabs individually , at least on a tablet .
it is a fairly common issue apparently . here 's how to fix it : link just killing the dmclient and cmclient services and rebooting did the trick for me . but disclaimer : results may vary .
apps must be coded specifically to allow for installation on google tv devices . in 3.2 update , google even disabled side-loading of apps , so the old trick from 2 . x days to install apks via a dropbox account will not work . modders from gtvhacker site managed to find an exploit in sony units that allows for installing a custom kernel and a rooted build of 3.2 . with that build it is possible to enable side-loading of apps , and then you can install them via adb : adb connect 192.168.1.XXX:5555 adb install C:\path\to\apk\AppName.apk  where " xxx " is the ip address of your gtv box/tv . keep in mind that the usual warnings of rooting apply , such as voiding the warranty , etc .
since you are rooted , you could try to replace the browser app with one from a " stock " rom that does not have the different search engine . the problem would be if the device is odexed , you might not be able to just replace the app . in which case you would have to install a completely different rom for the device .
are you able to access the google search app to install it from the market ? this will allow you to add the google search box to your home screen , as many android devices have it set by default . i am pretty sure that this should also add it to to the browsers list of search engines for those who want to search from the address bar . other than that you had just need to change your browser 's home page , which ( assuming your carrier has not locked that down ) you should be able to change in the browser 's settings ( open the browser , press menu , scroll down to and click on set home page and change to http://www.google.com ( or your regional version ) ) .
the term " brick " usually refers to the stone , which means : " device can only be used as paper-weight " . taken literally , there is no way to " unbrick " . however , you also find terms like " hard-brick " and " soft-brick " used , which makes the term " brick " less absolute : a soft-brick is something you easily can recover from ( count it as a " temporary paper-weight" ) , mostly by software-based solutions ( e . g . re-flash your phone ) -- while a " hard-brick " is rather meant in the way the original term points to . still , technically spoken , even a " hard-bricked " device could be " unbricked " -- but mostly this is more expensive then getting a new device . as for the warranty declaration you quoted : for a normal user , it is almost impossible to ( hard- ) brick his device . even when flashing a custom rom , this can rarely happen , as there are many security-layers involved . almost always you can boot your device into some fall-back mode where it is at least recognized by some " flashing software " , so you could simply flash another/the original firmware back . which means , the risk you are taking is to " soft-brick " your device 1 . a " hard-brick " is quite unlikely with " normal operations " like rooting or flashing custom roms . see also : wikipedia : brick rootzwiki : brick 1 i just learned : " unless you have got a samsung device and used the software recommended by samsung " . so better do not use kies etc . , but rather odin , just to give an example .
brick is a much-hyped word that gets bandied about with-out understanding what it is . there is two types of brick , hard and soft . lets go through this to make the distinction clearer . hard this is where the handset will absolutely refuse to boot at the press of the power button . diagnostics : dead screen , no power . that is the symptom of a hard brick . reason : this can happen by inadvertently pulling the cable when flashing a rom or even an update via the handset 's supporting software such as samsung kies , sony 's pc companion suite etc . that is the worst case , that is why in this scenario , always , make , sure that no cable gets pulled unless told so by the supporting software in question . the other way is this , flashing in that manner when the battery power is low . hence for that reason , it is recommended to have at least 75% of battery power in place prior to doing the update in that fashion . its known as hard-brick , and requires specialist cables and stripping the device down to the circuitary board to revive it via jtag cables . soft - this can happen through a bad flashing of the rom in which yields the following . diagnostics : it has power when the power button is pressed , and/or , the screen comes on . reason : it can be a user error on this part . for example , failing to clear/wipe the data/cache , can cause android to go into a boot-loop because of the mis-matches with the android 's virtual machine and the apps installed , or more than likely , a corrupted dalvik cache . the other , is flashing a rom that is not designated for the handset which can cause the kernel to go into a boot-loop . this is generally easier to fix , but hangs , that is known as a soft-brick . with those two separate forms of brick , it is generally speaking , a scare-mongering tactic . the one pure simple reason why carriers do not recommend unlocking the boot-loader , is not just for the warranty . its more down to the fact , if the handset ever gets stolen , then unlocking the boot-loader will wipe everything , and re-initialize the handset to factory state , thereby all your contacts , call logs , messages and apps gets wiped cleanly . also , this is to reduce the amount of support in the carriers , with people calling in or ringing up the technical support , " what happened with my handset - i did something and lost my contacts ? " just to finish off this answer , you can revert it back , by re-locking the boot-loader at a later stage if you wish , that is in the event the hardware got damaged and hand it back in for repairs .
it is a pretty subjective question , since no one really knows how many apps do or do not do any given thing . you had have to carefully analyse each app to find out how much use it can make of multiple cores . likely , more apps than you realise are doing this . first off , android makes it very simple for app authors to work in multiple threads , with helpers like AsyncTask . app developers are encouraged to do most operations in background threads , such as loading bitmaps from storage , transferring data over the network , or long computations . running those on a second core keeps the app more responsive while the operation 's going on . if the app does anything with gl ( most graphics-heavy apps and almost all games do ) , then it is certainly using two cores . how much use it is making of that freedom to parallelise is different for each app , but again , it lets the app do long-running operations while still responding to you . on top of this , even if the app you are using right now is only running in a single thread on one core , anything else android is doing in the background will be running on another core , which again lets your app stay responsive . this might include activities like drawing the system ui , running background services from other apps to check your mail and c . , features like " smart stay " on samsung phones , listening for the " ok google " hotword , and more . so in short , while we can discuss how much use any given app makes of the power available to it , a sweeping statement like , " very few apps really use more than one core , " sounds like the kind of thing an uninformed salesman would say to try to impress you .
there is no central repository where in the apps that are uploaded in play store or any other store for that matter are sorted into apps that use the camera apps that use one core etc etc this is because majority of android users do not care how many cores apps use ! also due to restrictions on clock speed / computational power you can not actually do compute intensive stuff on android , there is cuda for that , you still have to revert to desktops . and it all depends on the developer really and we can not really say for sure if there are few apps for android that use multicore .
just having a usb port is not enough : the host device also needs to understand what protocol the whiteboard uses to communicate ; in other words , the language the whiteboard speaks . there are a number of standard protocols , or profiles , for common devices such as keyboards and mice , but a whiteboard is not one of these . if the whiteboard works by pretending to be a mouse , then it might work as a mouse in android just by plugging it in . the specs for the whiteboard should say " usb hid profile " or something like that , in that case ; or if you have used it with a pc , you might already have noticed something similar . if the whiteboard does not act as one of the standard profiles , you will need the manufacturer of the device to provide drivers and user software for android . a driver for windows or linux will not do . depending on how the driver works , it might be in the form of an app you can just install the usual way , but more likely , there will be a kernel module , and you will need to compile your own custom rom for your device ( which may not be possible for your device anyway , if other drivers for the device are not available ) .
setting up a wifi network : you can simply start a WiFi hotspot on your android device , and connect laptop to this wifi network . or you can also connect to a wifi network created by host laptop , because your aim is to transfer files . edit : as op told that there is no ui available on his device ( wifi only device ) , obiviously , the only possibility to do this on un-rooted phone is to create wifi network on the other device and connect to that device , or to root the phone and add this functionality by yourself . you may be interested in following links : sms and wifi tethering on nexus 7 nexus 7 hotspot and tether can i tether from a wifi only device ? asus nexus 7 tethering and wifi hotspot not available activating wifi hotspot tethering on a verizon droid with froyo 2.2 portable wi-fi hotspot free wifi tether - rooted wifi tether for root users transferring files in a wifi network : afaik , once you are in a wifi network , you can use es file manager for this . because there is a window with name " lan " . this may give you a clue . ( i did not transferred files though )
i use foxfi to start hot spots without having to root my phone . the app is free , as well .
as you said your phone is unrooted , which has two implications . you can not , without altering the phone thoroughly check whether it was tampered with . it makes it harder to tamper with the device . so what you are asking for is not possible without possibly destroying evidence of tampering . if you are afraid what they might have done to it i suggest two options : either do a factory reset or buy a new phone . even if you could look for evidence of tampering be aware that you can never be sure . checksums and modification dates can be faked . if i was you i would ditch that phone . i could never feel safe knowing that someone i do not know access to it for two days . prevention is another thing though . if you want to make sure that this does not happen again watch out for these things : screen lock . use at least a complicated pattern lock makes an attacker harder to access your data . even better set a pass phrase . root this gives complete control to anyone who has physical access to your device . plant fake call logs ? done ! fake text messages ? done ! install undetectable surveillance software ? done ! you get the idea . superuser ( the de facto standard app for managing root access ) has an option to require a passcode as a prerequisite to granting root . use it . disable usb debugging while it is not too dangerous in itself if coupled with root it can provide access to the entire contents of your device even if you have a screen lock . encryption if your device is running android 3.0 or later you have acces to full device encryption . use it . backup apps apps like titanium backup can backup sensitive data to your sdcard . even if you did all of the above , all an attacker would have to do is take out your sdcard an voila ! full access to everything ! make sure that your backups are encrypted with the strongest possible encryption .
i do not have experience with droid x2 in particular , so your results might be different , but i would suggest to find custom recovery boot image for your phone ( clockworkmod is recommended ) , then boot it with fastboot boot custom_recovery_you_found command and proceed with full nandroid backup of your phone . there might be some additional steps necessary to enable fastboot to work on your phone , usually they are described on the page you get your custom recovery from . regarding the malware that might be installed , you will never be sure . Factory wipe only wipes your data from the phone , but does not touch system applications . if you are really afraid of someone introducing malware to your phone , i would recommend to root it and install a custom rom , which will totally overwrite boot and system partitions , effectively destroying any possible modifications .
in my experience , yes . i tried without wiping and cm7 failed to boot .
nexus 5 is pretty easy to correct that issue just find a working cm kernel . . . this ones kinda nice : http://forum.xda-developers.com/google-nexus-5/development/kernel-bum-5-t2774572 boot to recovery . " adb push [ your new kernel file here . zip ] /sdcard/ then wait . . . flash the new kernel . zap the dalvik cache . as they say " profit " . . .
resolved : using this ( http://android-revolution-hd.blogspot.ca/2013/12/how-to-copy-rom-zip.html ) then flashing the zip uploaded to the device . note : if your cellular stops working or glitches out re-flash the stock radio ( http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2513701 ) or completely re-flash stock then you are free to continue roming !
do you mean this app , android 4 ics calendar ? if so , it is probably unsupported by google sync . was not there any calendar app preinstalled on your tablet ?
install google calendar official app , available for devices running android 4.0.3 and later .
you have to download the google calendar app for your android default app can sync with your online gmail account .
founded ugly workaround ( link ) . add exchange account : domain\username : is my aspmx . l . google . com\username@gmail . com server : m . google . com now i can sync calendar - but only first one :/ . still looking for a proper solution .
it only works if you have a gmail account .
i found the solution here : http://www.androidtablets.net/forum/android-tablet-discussions/23013-solved-exchange-account-puzzle.html basically you use your gmail user name and password and when it asks for your server information use m.google.com.
i had the same problem with google music . if you move the music slider to a different position , it will output sound on both sides , but the bug appears again once it changes track . i believe this is a bug on cyanogenmod 10.1 rc1 . i just updated to rc4 and the bug seems fixed . yay !
i was able to update to rc2 which fixed the bug introduced in rc1 . as i mentioned in the comment to @mohdyusuf unfortunately i can not upgrade beyond rc2 now , due to the same " getprop ( ) " errors mentioned in my question . but at least the right-side audio problem is resolved with rc2 .
yes , you can use nexus media importer . from its description : this is the only non-root solution for devices that do not provide native support for external storage . other references : usb otg without root access for nexus 7 found !
if i am interpreting " on the computer " correctly to mean " i want to use the command line on my computer to read an . apk file 's permissions " then you can do that with aapt on a local file like so : if you mean that the . apk is on the device , then i am not aware of a way to do this aside from pulling it and running aapt as above . pm has a list permissions command but it just lists all available permissions on the device and does not accept a package as a parameter ( as far as i know , anyway ) .
on the device it will probably be easier to look for the relevant section in /data/system/packages . xml ( which can be read , even though its directory cannot be browsed or listed ) as this is a text file , while the androidmanifest . xml in an apk is in a compressed format . there is code around on the net for interpreting the compressed manifests on the device , but that is a bit more complicated .
the app 's author himself explains how it works at the top of the second page of that thread you linked to : it is the same idea as faceniff ( i am a developer of it also ) , basically it sends arp reply 's to all of the devices in the network fooling them to think that your mobile is router . and then all of the devices try connecting to network through your device . . . and you just drop every single packet from them . in this version it is just dropping packets but maybe later i will try adding some sort of primitive reject target . and slightly more on page 5 originally posted by jufjufjuf is this using an arpspoofing attack ? just wondering if there was anyway to send out de-auth packets through android like airdrop-ng ? yes , it is using arp spoofing . i suppose there is a way to send deauth packets but it would require modifying kernel drivers for wifi card . afaik it will not work out-of-the-box because most of android wifi drivers do not allow packet injections and even changing the mac address of the nic is super-difficult in a lot of devices . as far as tools for desktop oss go , there are a few that will do this kind of thing , mdk3 seems to be a popular one for doing this kind of thing .
so what you have sounds like one of two things . one , there is a software issue giving false readings off the temperature sensor . in order to diagnose this i would recommend installing a third party battery monitor which can monitor temperature . if this gives you a normal temperature you know its software and a factory reset should fix your problems . if it still is -20 than it could be hardware or just firmware level software . two , the temperature sensor could be broken or malfunctioning giving a false or default reading . either way if does not cause any problems a factory reset would either fix it or tell you what is wrong . let me know how it goes , i may have some other options for you if need be .
another cause of this error message is that the country in which you are may require your imei to be registered with the government - if you have already registered it check whether it has been removed from the relevent list ( turkey in my case so i checked http://imei.tk.gov.tr/tr/imeisorgu.php and found it had been removed ) and contact the relevent government official to get it put back on . i do not understand why the error message refers to the sim card - it misled me and wasted hours of my time as the problem in my case was nothing to do with the sim card . i assume this is an android error message - i think the message should be improved and presumably mention " imei " but i am not sure exactly what it should say . perhaps others in this forum can suggest a better error message .
it appears several sites suggest preventing the phone from using 3g . i have gone into settings -> wireless and network -> mobile networks -> network mode -> gsm only . this appears to have fixed the issue for me . of course this would not be a solution for anybody who relies on mobile data ( but my provider charges so much for data that i am wi-fi only ) .
now with your latest details , a raw approach . as you are on a stock rom , switching gps might not work out-of-the-box . in case it does not work , take a look at the secure settings plugin , which should be able to help out . i assume your raw concept is : 8am to 5pm is work time , and you want different settings during work hours and after leaving work , considering eventual late-work issues . so this should preferably turn out as a single profile : at work do . . . and after work switch to . . . . so here 's what shoud basically work : profile " work": condition : time from 8am till 5pm task : audio -> silent mode : on exit task : misc -> gps : on ( might need to be replaced by secure settings , see above ) now we enter a second profile , and you probably do not even need gps : profile : " afterwork": condition : state -> tasker -> profile active : " work " [ x ] invert state -> phone -> cell near : ( scan your work cells ) [ x ] invert task : audio -> silent mode : off so you see you neither need gps nor the 15min wait loop . at 8am the " work " profile gets active , and switches your phone to silent mode . as you do not really need gps , you can define some dummy exit task here ( e . g . again switching silent mode on ) , as otherwise tasker would automatically revert to the " before " mode . the second profile does not even check conditions before " work " has completed , as tasker remembers which profiles are active . after that , it starts monitoring the surrounding mobile cells -- which are either known by the phone as needed for telephony . if none of the surrounding cells match any of the scanned cells , the attached task is executed and silent mode turned off . but why so complicated ? much easier done like this : profile " work": condition : cell near ( scan your work place mobile cells ) task : audio -> silent mode : on done . no matter what time you are at work , your phone will be silent . and no matter whether you leave work early or late , silent mode will be switched off .
although this question is already answered , and accepted , i would like to add to it . sounds like what you want is pure location-based profiles . tasker is very powerful , but if you are willing to try an alternative , there is llama . it is roughly the same as tasker , except that almost every action is location-based . it ' learns ' a location you want to set up ( like home ) , by scanning the antennae of the mobile network in the immediate area . that is a lot more energy-efficient than using gps . for the things you want to set up , llama will be much simpler to configure . let the phone learn the places you want to use in your conditions , and add one or more actions . e.g. " leave home " -> do " enable bluetooth " " disable wifi " . you will not have to worry about timings , as the profiles only change when you physically , actually move to or from a location . give it a try . ps : i am not affiliated .
i would expect tts and asr to be very memory-intensive as they process input ( which needs to be stored and transformed ) and generate output . so slow memory would probably be a limiting factor with a fast cpu . there should also be a little i/o -- loading voice samples for comparison and playback -- but i would not expect it to be as much of an issue . i can not get any more specific since i do not know how the default engine works ( i suspect few people outside google do ) . you might get a better answer on stackoverflow , since this is more of a question about the specifics of an algorithm and not really about android use .
it is simply not possible for system user to prevent another process from accessing network , it can only be done by root , therefor root is required to do firewall changes to your system .
mobiwol is an android firewall application that does not require root . they somehow use the vpn interface for firewalling ( without actually connecting you to a vpn server ) . we have used technology available to us from within the vpn packaging module offered by android to be able to gain visibility to your applications ' network activities i tried it and it works fine for ics . should be compatible with any device running android 3.2 or later
the other answers are correct in that setting firewall rules requires root . and if you have root , you could simply deny internet permissions for a specific app without even needing a firewall ( permissions denied or built-in with a cyanogenmod rom ) . however , there is something you can do to partially circumvent the problem . using set dns , you can change your dns provider for wifi . set it to something like open dns . from there , you can set up rules in dns to block certain domains . thus , when on wifi , you could block apps from making requests to a specific domain . unfortunately , you can not do this your your cellular connection ; in fact , most cell providers override any dns requests and use their own server no matter what . if you set up a vpn , you could do the same thing over your cellular connection , but if you have a vpn set up , you could use that server to set up firewall rules anyway .
restricting internet access of specific apps is not possible on a non-rooted device . so , an app does not exist .
i do not have an archos , but when i view all apps on my phone i can press the menu button and select a view type from in there ( including alphabetical ) . do you have anything similar ? you could also try another launcher , such as adw . and yes , it is often called the app drawer : )
swiping down on the left side of the screen should bring down the notification window shade and swiping down on the right side of the screen should bring down the new " quick settings " window shade which has the settings icon and some other handy settings easily available . as far as the screen adjusting , this is known as auto-rotate and can be changed in the quick settings as well ( shown below ) . notification shade : quick settings shade :
yes it is correct . i could able to install only thruough rom manager but not in manual recovery mode ( constantly the first copied rom-supernexus is peremenanatly found in cwm )
where is the application installed the . apk file is put into /data/app ( see : where in the file system are applications installed ? ) where are its preferences stored this depends on the application . if it uses the sharedpreferences classes then they go in /data/data/&lt;app's package name&gt;/shared_prefs , but they could feasibly be stored anywhere the app can write data to ( i.e. . all of /data/data/&lt;app's package name&gt; , the sd card , etc ) . where is information such as usernames and passwords stored this also depends on the app . most often , probably somewhere in /data/data/&lt;app's package name&gt; . they could also use accountmanager apis ( the app must request this permission ) which i believe will use the /data/system/accounts.db database .
it does not seem to be comprehensive ? you do not expect this list to consist every backwoods from all over the world , do you ? ( btw this is the android time zone list we are talking about list . ) android provide nitz feature - your time zone is taken from cellular network you are registered to . if nitz fails to work ( your cellular network does not send time zone ) , then you have to find out what time zone you are in and set it manually . btw provide a link to " iana timezone " , if you please .
look at /mnt/sdcard/download . and based on al 's comment , i suggest making sure your phone is not connected to your pc and then reboot the phone before looking there .
if you can use the sony walkman app , that is the best solution for you . see the answer in this question . if that app is not compatible with your device , album art grabber would be a good solution for you .
if you can not get the device to even turn on , then this will not really help . . . from xda post about unbricking this device : prepare odin with the firmware you want to flash ( in my case was gingerbread 2.3.4 ) and get it ready to go . remove battery , wait for a bit . insert battery again . flash a recovery with your specific filesystem ( ext4 or rfs ) - ( if you have ext4 , download ext4 only , do not get ext4+rfs ) enter recovery and wipe | format : system data cache dalvik cache have odin ready . connect phone to pc . reboot to download mode hold volume down + power + home button at the same time . at this point odin should have detected your galaxy gio ( yellow rectangle should appear ) . insert the stock rom or custom rom . click start button in odin and wait about 5 min . reboot and wait the post has other options like using a tool called " one click unbrick " but i have never tried that tool .
wipe your phone , and reinstall the os following the official instructions . make sure to download the rom images on a computer that is not backdoored , and verify the checksums before you install . that is the only way you will be able to trust this device with private data again . since you do not know how this malware was installed , you also do not know what other malware might already be on your phone .
have you tried dialing *#*#526#*#* ? it fixed a wifi connection problem i had . i dialed it on the phone , got the " call cannot be completed " message . hung up , restarted the phone , then went through the whole phone call again . it worked . my wifi problem is fixed . i kid you not . google it . i hope this helps .
have had the same issue on my droid 2.3.6 . it used to connect to wifi but could not browse the internet until i disabled : parental control from my wifi router . hope this will help someone .
go into Settings | Data usage . then in the Mobile tab , you will find a list of the applications that have recently used data . click on any of these applications and there will be a checkbox to restrict background data while the phone is using a mobile connection ( as opposed to wifi ) . i am not aware of a way to control the sync frequency .
im also looking for a similar app . i will try root firewall .
yes , it does cost you more power . the transceiver circuit is engineered with power saving in mind and will reduce sending power as much as possible if the reception is good . this also reduces the sar value which is a measurement for exposure of the human body to radiation . if the reception is bad sending signal strength has to be adjusted accordingly . additionally : the underlying protocols are also designed to retransmit packages in case of a corrupted transmission . this might have an extra impact on your battery too .
cell signal to add to ce4 's answer : you can check that for yourself . if you take a look at your battery stats ( they are always at a little different place in the system menu : sometimes in the main menu , other times under phone info ) , it lists the apps which used most of your battery . one of the highest consumers in there is most likely your display -- and close to it you will find an item cell standby ( sometimes called phone standby ) . this describes how much battery was used to " keep the signal " . check that in times of good reception versus those of bad reception and see how much it differs . network stuff this can even be " multiplied " if you have many apps running services to poll information from the net permanently -- like email apps using imap idle , or some social chat app keeping a push connection . it looks like the same is happening here : it tries hard to keep the connection , and thus pushes the cell radio further . due to the bad reception , the connection gets slow , and those services keep longer " wake locks " ( keeping the cpu alive to complete their task ) , which again eats battery . how to find out if your reception was good ? the system does in fact provide this information ( at least from android 2.3/gingerbread on ) , in the very same battery statistics mentioned before . on top of the first page you find a small graph 1 : tap on it , it brings up a bigger one 2 . the screenshots are in german , but you still can tell the details : in the first 1 , you see the cell standby titled " mobilfunk-standby " right next to the display , as said before . on top of that is mentioned " mini-graph " . that tapped brings you to the page where you find the second image 2 at the bottom . here take a look at the first graph , titled telefonsignal ( phone signal ) . " the greener the cleaner": a bright green means " good reception " ( the screenshot shows this at the begin and end , that is here : morning and evening -- so at home i have good reception ) . getting yellowish : " moderate reception " . this uses more energy : compare it with the graph on top of it ( not in the screenshot -- but the same as in the first screenshot ) , and you see the bar is almost flat where the cell signal is good -- but falls faster where it is not . see the little red spots : " no reception " . and phone will power-up like crazy to find a new cell tower . . . how to find out where the dead spots are ? here we need to use 3rd party tools . i will mention two of them here : no signal alert 3 and opensignalmaps 4 . both can alert you when entering a " dead zone": no signal alert lets you view a log of cell state changes , plus can show you a map of where the dead zones were 3 . opensignalmaps has the plus of showing you all cell towers in reach 4 , pointing out which you are connected to . it also offers you a " compass " giving the direction to the strongest signal . how to automatically deal with those dead zones ? there are some little helpers available which watch your signal . if it drops or gets lost , they simply switch the radio off ( so it cannot further power up searching a non-existing signal ) -- and periodically activate it again to check whether the situation has improved . one of them is battery saver 5 , which also lets you define profiles so you can easily switch other things like wifi . then there are more powerful " automaters " like e.g. greenpower free battery saver 6 , which even manage a lot more . and these two are not the only ones . . .
you can not . rim 's pin system and bbm are proprietary . you can only communicate with a blackberry user via pin messages or bbm if you have a blackberry . get a new bold 9900 / 9930 , they are great ! full disclosure : i work for rim . this is not an official statement from rim either , this is me speaking as a user in my off time at home . i honestly think the new bold is the best bb yet .
the android developers web site has the new features for users and developers listed under the " android 3.2 platform " . digging into that page , under the revisions heading it lists "3.2 , revision 1" as the only revision . i would guess that this would be the 3.2.1 update then . new user features optimizations for a wider range of tablets android 3.2 includes a variety of optimizations across the system to ensure a great user experience on a wider range of tablet devices . compatibility zoom for fixed-sized apps android 3.2 introduces a new compatibility zoom mode that gives users a new way to view fixed-sized apps on larger devices . the new mode provides a pixel-scaled alternative to the standard ui stretching for apps that are not designed to run on larger screen sizes , such as on tablets . the new mode is accessible to users from a menu icon in the system bar , for apps that need compatibility support . media sync from sd card on devices that support an sd card , users can now load media files directly from the sd card to apps that use them . a system facility makes the files accessible to apps from the system media store .
motorola 's xoom support forums has a thread that is updated when updates go out , and contains links to the lists of changes in the updates which ( for us wifi xooms ) is here . according to that two software updates have gone out in the last few weeks , htk55d and htk75d the first contains security updates , the second updates to included apps . specifically they contain : htk55d platform security fixes : diginotar certificate revocation the security fix removes a compromised root certificate authority ( ca ) . libpng security update libpng has been updated to version 1.2.46 to correct for multiple publicly-known security issues . htk75d android market has been updated . android books has been updated .
if you pair you bluetooth headset , you can make and receive calls over it without a problem . if you want messages to be read to you , ( tts ) , install the handcent app and refer : http://www.handcent.com/faq.php#tag_speeksms
there are some projects that have gotten livesuit to work on linux , such as this website and details in this forum . most of what i could find focused on a10 chipsets , but a13 is close enough that it might work ( of course , you will have to find a13 specific roms ) . the second link also shows how to manually install drivers . since you did not specify your exact model , you may have to modify the directions somewhat to work with your device . the easiest solution , of course , is to get access to a windows box . a year ago , linux support was not so good , so i had to borrow someone 's computer for a bit to flash my allwinner a13 tablet . even more restrictive is the ability to generate your own rom images . i could not find anything that would work on linux , so i was stuck using windows to upgrade my tablet * to android 4.1 . *i wrote this post .
go to my apps in google play browse all the apps note : made as answer as requested
you cannot install an over-the-air ( ota ) update from the manufacturer or carrier if you have clockworkmod recovery installed , even if you disable the signature verification . you will need to return to the stock recovery console and stock rom ( if you are currently running a custom rom ) first , and then go to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; About -&gt; System Updates and re-start the update process . keep in mind that you will lose root once the ota is installed , and you will have to re-root your phone all over again . alternatively , you can see if there is a custom rom available for your phone that is based on the same android version as the ota , such as cyanogenmod . i would start at xda-developers forums for your phone . in either case , it is very likely that you will need to wipe your device 's internal memory also ( which erases all of your installed apps and settings , ) so do not forget to backup what you want to keep .
tasker . this is by far the best automated task scheduler available for android . it does come at a hefty price ( $6.50 us ) , but it is well worth the price .
if you have a rooted phone this should do the job : cron4phone free i just did a quick and dirty search for " cron " on the market , there could be possibly better apps for your needs
your concern is very real . most developers and users do not understand the benefits of using ssl and other forms of encryption . you can guarantee encryption by using an ssh tunnel , although it will only ensure the stream is encrypted to the exit point ( which would be the server to which you are connected ) . this is good if you are simply trying to prevent your isp from spying on you . another way would be to use torproject 's orbot . this has the same idea in mind , except you will not be required to provide your own tunneling server and benefit from being able to change your exit point at will . orbot also uses multiple proxies to help obfuscate your identity . of course , you are encouraged to help participate and provide a relay if at all possible . in order to have 100% stream encryption , neither of these options are fool-proof , but may help you in your endeavor . this is why it is important ( especially now ) to use different passwords for different sites , as some sites/services will not provide the same level of security as another . ssl on a public wifi , while still much much more secure than non encrypted streams , does not provide 100% failsafe protection . unfortunately , root certificate authorities are vulnerable to hacks , and some ( trustwave ) have even been caught issuing certificates to companies they knew were not the owners of the website specifically to allow said companies to spy on encrypted connections . it is also easy to strip ssl out in applications that do not require secure connections . you do , however , have a few options that will provide you with stronger security . you can use gpg to encrypt messages and data using your intended target 's public key . one pass encryption has the highest level of security for certain applications . tldr ; your phone is insecure . it is up to you to decide what conveniences you need , and how they will impact your security . there are many practices in which you can become disciplined that will help minimize your risks , but at the end of the day it is your responsibility to safeguard what you deem private . i would be more worried about the data that each app you have installed is trying to offload to it is servers . read through the ' permissions ' of each app you install before you download it , and decide if it really needs half of what it says it does .
there is nothing that forces the use of https for android applications . some data may not make sense to transfer over https , instead relying on other mechanisms ( say , gpg key signature checks ) to verify the data .
boot up your phone using power button and volume down button together . you will get something called hboot . now using your volume buttons , goto recovery mode listed on the screen . press the trackpad button to reach recovery mode .
check out cyanogenmod . it is a custom rom that has a profiles feature built in where you can define which apps should have audible notifications .
its somewhat tricky . . do not go in Silent mode using stock settings . use quick profiles app to silent everything except notifications . then , hunt down all apps which are generating audible notifications . you will found gmail , facebook , astrid etc . check settings of all those apps . generally , they all allow users to set notification ringtone . access this option and choose Silent ringtone for all apps except calendar . done !
from wikipedia , fota is an acronym for firmware over-the-air . it is used for upgrades to mobile phones and pdas .
fota - firmware over-the-air this is the update sent to the os via your service provider ( for 3g/gprs/edge . . ) or wifi . it will download an image of the new firmware from the server and install it after you accept .
fota is the short form of firmware over the air . . . . . it is the concept through which we update our smart phone only it need wifi or 3g internet connectivity .
matt h 's answer in conjunction with prey might be useful for you . have tasker send an e-mail when the phone leaves the building . you read the e-mail and mark the phone as " stolen " in prey . prey gives you a lot of options about how you want your phone to react to being marked as stolen . you can lock it down and force the gps to stay active as long as the battery is not dead , letting you know where the device is . yay for daisychaining answers , btw .
you can probably do this with tasker or locale .
as lie says , you can achieve most of this with tasker ( market link or dev 's site ) . tasker can detect your phone 's location using gps or based on the cell towers or wifi access points it can see . i do not think you can set the phone to shut itself down based on this , but you could definitely make it play a loud sound , or even send an sms message or a voice call to a particular number .
no ! your google account is not stored locally on your device . it will still be available on any other device and on any other desktop browser you choose to use !
not recommended . you will more than likely run into issues and just eventually have to wipe and reset anyway .
what you are describing is what is known as a " dirty flash " which is a no-no ! especially from aosp to cm and vice-versa , could lead all sorts of force closes etc . likewise , [ a particular custom rom ( insert of your choice ) ] to another but different [ custom rom ( insert of your choice ) ] and vice-versa . the only time a dirty flash can be performed if going from cm nightly to the latest nightly , or [ custom rom ] to a more recent version of same [ custom rom ] , theoretically , although no guarantees that everything will work " proper " . occasionally force-closes will be exhibited or some " weirdness " will manifest , hence no guarantees . really , if going from one rom to another - best to wipe cache/data completely provided a backup has been done in the first place : ) why not use a backup tool such as titanium backup or the basic backup tools found on the play store in the event you are not rooted ? : )
i think i have found the solution . check this link . it is a hack and it requires a phone to be rooted , but it does allow you to use alphanumeric password for encryption and pin for screen unlock .
if you have remote wipe enabled ( assuming it still works with encrypted device ) , the pin may not secure your device forever , but it may do so long enough to give you time to wipe your device .
if you are trying to crack the disk encryption , independent of the rest of the device in a scenario where you have a powered off device , or just the memory chips , then this is a different attack vector than that used on a powered-on password protected device where the decryption key may be held in memory ( leading to vulnerabilities used by things like the firewire encryption key stealers prevalent on pcs using older fde encryption software and not a tpm-type module ) , or the unlock screen could be brute-forced ( or have its own vulnerabilities ) . if you are attacking the disk directly then in this case you are not attacking the 4-digit pin or user password that is encrypting the device , what you are attacking is the 128 bit aes key : the master key is a 128 bit number created by reading from /dev/urandom . it is encrypted with a hash of the user password created with the pbkdf2 function from the ssl library . the footer also contains a random salt ( also read from /dev/urandom ) used to add entropy to the hash from pbkdf2 , and prevent rainbow table attacks on the password . from point 4 under " enabling encryption on the device " of the notes on the implementation of encryption in android 3.0 that you linked to . ( was going to be a comment but ended up far too long )
you can use this command on a root shell to change the encryption password : su -c vdc cryptfs changepw &lt;new_password&gt;  where &lt;new_password&gt; should be replaced by your password . source : http://nelenkov.blogspot.be/2012/08/changing-androids-disk-encryption.html
one possible solution for this is to use whispercore , but it requires you to root your device . i have also filled a feature request at the android project page .
by using a password/phrase vs four digit pin , you are increasing the security of your device . the trick of it is , even by having a four character password , you have just increased your security for two reasons : you have increased the available characters . you have taken away the attackers knowledge of your pw length . if an attacker knows your password is 14 characters , it is more secure than a four or eight character password , but typical statistics use ranges ( 1-4 , 1-8 , 1-14 ) and not the reality ( which would be simply calculating one length 's available combinations ) . currently , it is simply way to easy to access your phone 's data . your grandmother has the capability of doing so ( no offense to you or your family :p ) . so , while you are right that there are limitations of this encryption , the ' broken ' version works a lot better than non-encrypted data currently practiced . it is up to you to judge how sensitive and private your data is , as well as how much of a target you are for such data to be stolen . choosing an appropriate password is your responsibility once you have assessed these risk .
as eldarerathis mentioned , you need to charge the tablet using the charging adapter rather than usb . the a500 has 2 usb ports . a regular one , like you had find on a laptop , for connecting usb devices to the tablet ( memory sticks , for example ) , and a micro usb port for connecting the tablet to a computer . make sure you are using the micro usb port . ( your mileage may still vary - the support site is not very forthcoming on using the tablet with a mac )
maybe you forget install the android usb driver , look this : http://developer.android.com/sdk/win-usb.html and http://developer.android.com/sdk/oem-usb.html#installingdriver when you finish this work , if it also dont work , please try get your device specialized driver .
you should be able to do this by going to Settings => Repeat while the video is playing and enable it . ( source )
the stock video player on the s3 does not have this functionality . you can achieve it by installing another video app such as vlc for android .
i recently went through this , and it is possible to restore your data , take a look at my own experience at extract app data from nandroid / cwm backup . basically you can use nandroid manager to restore the data you have backed up . but i am not sure if i got all the data of the apps that might have been installed to sdcard though , so if you can , take a backup including those apps as well ( maybe too late now ) . hope you still have that backup . . just noticed the date : (
i reinstalled android and lost all my data . nothing else worked . : (
please use the settings below for your outlook . com account .
i manually setup an exchange activesync account with the following settings :
man , you are out of luck . versions of injustice for android and ios differ greatly . the ios version generally gets updated months before android . this affects what characters you can buy , what challenges you can complete etc . i thinks it is safe to say they are incompatible . and from my experience the android version performs rather poorly compared to ios . considering all of the above i would recommend sticking to your iphone for playing injustice .
technically no , the relationship is not linear . milliamp-hours ( or amp-seconds , coulombs , or any other similar unit ) is a measurement of electrical charge , not of electrical energy . as with all common batteries , the voltage is not constant while the battery is being discharged . assuming your phone was drawing as much power as it could the whole time , the current would be constant ; coupled with the fluctuating voltage this means that the energy drain from the battery is not linear . essentially this means that the first 1650 mah drained from a 2000 mah battery will not comprise proportionally the same energy drain as the last 350 mah , meaning that the battery capacity affects the battery life in a nonlinear fashion . for your purposes it should give you a more or less linear boost , however . it depends how much current your phone draws at any given time but you can expect an approximate 20% boost in battery life on a full charge . i would suspect slightly less than 20% due to the tail end of the battery being longer ( more charge stored in the battery after the voltage has dropped too low for the phone to use it ) but i do not know for sure .
i am returning it today because the video is non-watchable , contains flicker and artifacts obviously it is from a bad batch ( defective units out of the box , april 2013 ) . at least i have tested it and saw artifacts when casting youtube video to google chromecast .
lots of screens are cracked and they still work . mine has had two cracks in it for over a year . at first i put thin non glossy mending tape on each crack . it was unnecessary no glass sticks out on it though i can feel them with a fingernail , so i just leave it bare . for anything worse and still working you might use a screen protector , which i would certainly do if the alternative was getting cuts on my fingers . would be interesting what your experience actually was as has been several months since you posted .
no , you can not . dd operates on block-level ( it makes a 1:1 copy of the data blocks ) , while adb backup works on file-level . the two are not compatible .
there is not just one thing called wma , wma describes a whole set of different audio formats and technologies that all normally have a . wma ending . some of these are drm encrypted , some have higher or lower level quality than others , some are optimized for voices . it is entirely possible that although your audio file has a . wma extension and container , inside that it is actually a type of codec that android can already natively handle . see these links for a bit more explanation : gentle introduction to video encoding : lossy audio codecs and wikipedia - wma
i believe an actual windows media audio decoder would require to be licensed from microsoft to be included as such in android . like how microsoft exchange intergration is liceanced from microsoft by handset manufactures to include in their android phones ( htc i think does so off the top of my head ) and why exchange by touchdown i assume costs $19.99 . like gathrawn said , the . wma files you claim are probably mp3 or another format android natively supports with a mislabeled file extension - try encoding some yourself and give it another try . : )
if you are running an os between 4.0 and 4.3 , you can just use vroot to do it .
i . before you begin : rooting voids the warranty of your device ( until you unroot it ) . please charge your device to have at least 60% of battery life download root package from http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1936878 download and place the root package file onto your desktop . do not extract it . connect your device to your pc using the usb cable . copy the root package file over to the sd card of your device . once done , disconnect the device from your pc . turn off the device . reboot the device into stock recovery . to do so , press and hold the volume down+home+power buttons together . once inside the recovery , choose apply update from sdcard . select the root package ( update . zip ) you copied earlier to the device . be patient and let it root the device . once done , reboot the device . youre good to go ! brilliant ! you now have root access on your galaxy chat b5330 device
the instructions i have followed in the link above do the job . the solution to my two problems listed above was : replace this micro/mini usb to usb adapter http://www.bestbuy.com/site/rocketfish%26%23153%3b+-+1.5%27+usb+cable/1000247.p?id=1218207305639skuid=1000247st=rf-cc1mccp=1lp=1 . . . with this one : http://www.bestbuy.com/site/rocketfish%26%23153%3b+mobile+-+micro+usb+data+transfer+cable/2077196.p?id=1218308698225skuid=2077196st=rocketfish%20micro%20usb%20cp=1lp=3 it sounds weird but trust me do not get micro usb to usb adapter from the first link . you will not be able to access the kindle fire as a storage device , guaranteed .
to add to @mattthew ' s comment , even if you move the apps to sd card part of them always reside inside internal memory . also the system needs to know what apps are installed , apps like market need to know about them . so , no they will not work after factory reset . for big games like from gameloft the extra data you downloaded from inside the game will work though . i do not know what will happen to this with the new market policy of allowing upto 4gb files .
an part of the ram is reserved - often for the gpu - and not useable by the dalvik vm and apps . this is not uncommon : samsungs galaxy s has also 512mb but only 334mb are useable by apps . this can differ from rom version to version .
jays headset control . works perfdectly on my htc desire hd with house of marley exodus headset which controls are made for iphone-ipod - playing default music player , poweramp , 3 , ds audio , youtube , tune in radio , jazz radio , etc , etc . wonderful ! i have read in the review it also works perfectly on htc one x , htc incredible s , htc sensation , sgs2 , sony experia s .
apps like headset button controller are the most likely to do what you ask . that said the headphones you use have to be hardware compatible with the android device you are using . my sennheiser mm50 's are designed for iphone but work on my google nexus s and htc incredible s , so i would expect the same to be true of other iphone compatible headphones and android devices . that said , the mm50 's do exhibit different behaviour on either phone ( e . g . press on nexus mutes the call as i would like , but on incredible it ends the call - grrr ) .
i solved my problem by connecting my phone to usb and pressing vol up + cam + power for await my pc recognize the device . after that , i use acer tools to flash my device with the bin of android
my assumption would be you need to install some kind of language package , buy a phone from the country of origin for that language , or convert the files back to english language . when i go to settings > language and keyboard and look at the languages i can only choose from english and spanish . so to install another language search the market for it like so , " russian language pack " . install and go back to the language place in settings and select it . then see if you can play the files . if that does not work you are going to have to try the other two options .
the bookmarks would be synced to google servers if the browser is signed in . then try clearing the cache of the app . uninstall any updates to the app to see if that is causing the issue . if it still crashes , clear the app data , but if the bookmarks are not synced they will be erased
use the built-in People app to see those contacts . or , you can use third-party apps like contacts + .
try adding another contacts application like touchpal contacts . the contacts and/or people app is part of the google suite of apps . perhaps the manufacturer of your tablet did not bundle it with your device or it might have been deleted somehow .
as mentioned in my question there is a " contacts " app already listed under settings > apps > all , but there is no way to directly launch this . there is no related contacts/people app icon on the apps page . i have accessed this " contacts " app at least once in the past , via another application , but i cannot remember how i did this . anyway . . . a workaround . . . i installed resizable contacts widget ics . this is a very small/simple app that provides a widget that you can place on the home screen to give quick access to one ( or more ) of your contacts . tap the contact/widget and a contact summary pops up . tap the contact summary and it opens the full contact app from which i can search and manage all my ( gmail ) contacts . solution dan kindly emailed me this solution for how to access this mysterious contacts app from within your mail app - no third party apps required . at the top of any incoming email ( using google mail app or the android mail app ) in the big blue bar at the top you will see the sender ( picture or icon ) and sender 's address . if you click on the senders picture or icon there will be a pop-up with details on that contact . in the pop-up , just under the picture to the right there will be a small " head and shoulders " icon . click that , and voila ! you are in the contacts app . the sender needs to already be in your contacts for this to work , otherwise you get prompted , ' add "xyz@example.com" to contacts ' ? as dan admits , this is " still back assward " , but it would seem to be the most viable solution so far for what has proved to be a rather common problem !
apparently , this is also an animation issue . according to an answer for my dialer app , setting the animation to . 5x fixes a lot of spacing/hiding issues on the phone . to fix it , do the following : go to Settings &gt; Developer Options change Animator Duration Scale to 0.5x many props to abid rahman k for figuring it out !
there are several ways you could accomplish that : if you have sufficient free storage available , archiving the contents ( zip , tar , whatever other archiver ) and then copying the archive file would be a way . pulling the archive would change the archive file 's timestamp , but contents would be preserved as-is , and restored with their original timestamps . this could be done either from a terminal app , or via adb shell . on one device i have checked , tar and gzip are available , and even bzip2 . successfully tested on another one , and adapted to your specifications : tar czf backup.tar.gz /storge/sdcard0 run from a location with sufficient space would create the archive , which you then could pull . you could utilize a sync app like foldersync , and simply sync all the contents to your computer ( via sftp , samba/windows-share , or any of the other supported protocols ) . after having formatted the storage , you could sync it back the very same way . if your device supports an external sdcard , you could copy your files over there , which also should preserve timestamps there might be even other possibilities , but these are the ones coming to my mind first .
this is most likely due to a licensing issue . you should uninstall swype and then use the swype installer to install it again .
you do not say anything about what phone or android version you currently have . but android 4.2 includes now a swype-like gestual typing keyboard . there is a downloadable version for you to install , if your phone supports it . try out the new android 4.2 keyboard now !
this happens when you use link2sd or apps2sd and move either the swype app or the swype installer app to your sd card . to fix it , move the installer and swype back to the phone and reboot . i found some of this information on http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1042241 the rest i figured out by trying things .
there are basically two options : help to get it supported , or look for an unofficial build . i wrote some notes about helping to get cyanogenmod supported on your device in my answer to why is not there a cyanogenmod stable rom for my device ? . if you already have the specialist skills needed for rom porting , you can do this yourself , but even if you do not , other volunteers at the cyanogenmod might be able to achieve it with your help . the only alternative is if there is an unofficial build . because cyanogenmod is an open-source fork of aosp , anyone with the skills and the hardware can port it for their device and release that build . unofficial builds can commonly be found by searching the xda-developers forum . they do not have the same quality control , support community , or updates as regular cm builds , and of course with an unofficial build the risk of the rom being backdoored ( so the porter can access your phone illicitly ) is much greater , but if you are willing to take those risks it provides another way to get cyanogenmod . if there is no unofficial build , or you do not like the risks i have described , and you are not willing to help get your device officially supported , then you can not use cyanogenmod on your device .
you positively need a computer . rooting an android phone means running an exploit , that the phone will not allow to run on itself . it can be run only on " debug via usb " mode .
open my files on the browser and once there clip them in evernote . myjad android contact recovery scans all the stored contacts in your android phone and sd cards and recover them to your computer local for different purposes . watch video demo : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sa5gjmjdvx8 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7kfp1jz5_1k
not usefully . if you root the device , you can use a tool such as iptables to configure a rate limit , but the only way for that to work on downloads is to drop network packets above a certain limit . the effect of this will be that the apps on your phone see slower downloads , but the overall use of your wi-fi or mobile data connection will be greater , because the server has to keep re-sending packets that have reached your phone but been dropped . this is not an android-specific problem : it is just how the internet works . desktop machines have just the same problem with rate-limiting . it is just worse on mobile : because wireless network connections genuinely do lose packets more often , they are usually set up to re-send more aggressively than wired connections . the exception to this is if you have a particular app whose network protocol supports rate negotiation . bittorrent is one example . in that case , you should set the appropriate setting in the app you want to limit .
if your only worry is about being on the correct data plan , you should not have to do anything . for cdma carriers like verizon or sprint , your esn will be registered with correct access speeds when you sign up for service with those companies . for gsm carriers ( like at and t and t-mobile , for example ) there are different apn settings for various data speed tiers ( e . g . 2g only , 3g hspa , 4g hspa+ , 4g lte , etc . ) when signing up for a particular plan with these companies , you will be given the appropriate settings that will limit your line 's data speed appropriately . even using the wrong apn settings will not do any harm , since your account is associated with the correct tier . the data connection simply will not work unless the correct settings are restored .
the galaxy s plus i9001 looks like the i9000 however it has completely different internals : side by side comparison at gsmarena . com different cpu ( 1.4ghz qualcomm snapdragon vs . 1ghz samsung hummingbird ) different gpu ( adreno vs powervr ) different baseband modules ( the i9001 has faster hsdpa ) better battery , less internal space ( 512mb vs 2gb for the i9000 ) most importantly , the i9000 is well supported while the i9001 's community support is rather poor . there is no official cm port for it . see the i9001 's forum at xda-developers.com. regarding the approaches : yes , you can use the same tools and your knowledge for the i9000 . just not the same rom downloads .
go to https://play.google.com/store/account , with a regular desktop . then click on the tab ' orders ' , you shall find there all the apps you downloaded via google play . after clicking Install or Installed button , you will get pop-up having device list . if app is already installed in a device with linked status , device would be inactive to send install signal . it can be used as identifier .
you can use lightflow to manage all your led notifications and use that to turn off leds for any programs you want . you can also use it to change notification led colours as well .
this may help i have test moto g 1 . open message 2 . choose attach option on right side options ( picture , capture picture , videos , capture video , audio , record audio and slideshow ) . 3 . choose capture video/videos , if choose video then we have send small video otherwise its not selected . 4 . then last send mms .
seems like you are trying to play files with the default music player . just try using some other music player from the google play store . if that does not help , then i guess you should check your files . maybe there is something in the files that is preventing android to behave the way it should . just guessing .
after more searching , i found subtitleplayer in the google play store . it seems to work adequately for what i need , but because its name is two words jammed together , does not show up when you search for " subtitle " in the market . also , the page says it needs ' unicode ' subtitles ; after a few tries , i got it to work correctly with utf-8 encoding , without a bom .
i have never tried this but one thing that comes on the top of my mind is to use a video that has nothing but a black background play on your mobile . you can then add subtitles to it and may be increase the subtitle size , change the position etc to suit you . hope this helps : )
go to the messages inbox - then on the phone panel near the home key click on the message key - it will show you three options ( setting , memory status and delet threads ) - click on setting- scroll down to notification and it will show you cell broadcasts- click on cell broadcast and unclick on all the notifications shown and voila it works .
put your sim in another mobile . select the channels in cell broadcast in other mobile and delete all of them . if channels are not enabled , then first enable them and then delete . put the sim back in your xolo q500 . your problem will now be resolved .
nope . mobile device drivers tend to be highly specific and there is no sort of defaults that will work across devices .
your google/gmail account will be linked to the phone , you will not be asked to authenticate each time you access your mail , what you can do is this : enable two step authentication on your google account download the google authenticator app for your shiny new android phone pin/password protect your handset [ using a pattern is not the most secure method as it can easily be guessed ] [ optional ] use a password safe service like lastpass proffit ? ? ?
using a free service like android lost , you can remotely control your phone from a web browser . you can wipe it , locate it on a map , read sms'es , take a picture remotely etc . . . to ease your concerns regarding security . while not directly an answer to your question , it might be a viable solution . not storing your google credentials on your android smartphone and accessing google services through the mobile web brower is not only very impractical , but also sort of defeats the purpose of a modern smartphone does not it ?
make sure this is not a dns issue . in the browser try navigating to the website by its ip address as opposed to the name . on your computer open command prompt and type in ping google.com and press enter . the 4 numbers 1-3 digits long separated by dots is the ip address ( e . g . 74.125.113.106 ) . now on the phone open up the browser , and in the navigation bar type in "http://" followed by the ip address you got from your computer ( e . g . http://74.125.113.106 ) and press the go key . if the website loads - your phone has a bad dns entry . the market has several apps for changing phone 's default dns .
i figured out a workaround . the workaround is to download a file manager tool and then double click the . p12 cert , which opens up and prompts for the password . i still do not know why the control panel does not do what it suggests , but at least i found a solution .
my guess is that it wants the cert to be in a particular spot ( and possibly to have a particular name ) . from google 's support pages , we see that the cert has to be at the root of your phone 's internal storage , not external .
any phone you will get will draw power from the battery , not directly from the charger . let 's make some assumptions : your phone takes 2 hours to charge when off . your phone always uses constant power when on . your phone drains a full battery in 8 hours . charging and discharging is completely linear . so if you plug your phone in when it is completely drained and turn it on , it will be charged to 75% ( 100% - 2/8 ) after two hours . it'll take 3 hours and 20 minutes to charge fully . as illustrated above it will take longer to charge the battery when the battery 's being drained at the same time . obviously , none of the assumptions hold in real life , but it is more or less accurate . certainly it will charge the fastest when off . as for the question of cpu scaling , that is very interesting . the rate of battery drain affects the maximum rate of charge , so less cpu work means less drain and a faster charge . i am not totally convinced that underclocking the cpu will achieve this , though . if your phone is idle it should already be doing a negligible amount of work . slowing the cpu will make that little amount of work use the cpu for longer . it is almost certainly chipset-dependent whether 100 ms at 100 mhz take more or less energy than 10 ms at 1000 mhz , for example . if setcpu is altering the voltages as well , that further complicates things .
well you cannot hide names in whatsapp at all . as you know it wont accept a blank as profile name . 1.coming to the blank names beside the contact number is shown because the other person has saved you in his contact but his number is not saved ( with a name ) in your contacts list . due to this the app will show only the contact number but not the name . update- try saving the contact with a name and then refresh your contacts in whats app for this first force stop the app then clear the cache ( this works most of the time irrespective of the make or mode of internet ) 2 . you may be using an older version of the application . ( you have not specified the version so it can also be the problem ) . 3 . you could be blocked by the other person so you cannot see his name initially ( later last seen and then the display pic ) if the above still do not solve your problem then try reading the faq 1 and faq 2
yes it is . as on linux , it is called swap . it might be useful on devices with minimal ram ( 512mb and less ) , but unlinkely on those coming with 1gb and more . there are apps available helping you to configure swapping . you find most of them searching for swapper .
your question is bit unclear to me . still i am trying to answer . almost all the android phones these days ( including galaxy nexus - gnex ) have a micro-usb charging and data-syncing port . so they can be connected to your computer using a micro-usb to standard usb cable . like most other phones , gnex also comes with a micro-usb to standard usb cable and a wall charger . you can use wall power or your computer to charge your phone . and if you want to see exactly what charger comes with the gnex , checkout any of the tonnes of unboxing videos avaliable on youtube !
yes , it should be able to recover files after a reset . that is , any deleted files from before the reset are still deleted files after a reset , and it has the same chance at recovering the files . however , if the deleted files are on the system partition , the deleted space may be overwritten during a factory reset . as with any undelete utility , if the deleted file space gets overwritten , the file is unrecoverable . a factory reset will generally delete the user partition as well as reset the system partition by deleting and overwriting certain files on the system partition . in general , doing a factory reset will not hinder a file recovery app such as disk digger . as long as you want to recover deleted files from the standard partition , a factory reset will not endanger your deleted files any more than continuing to use the device would .
while i see that disk digger does advertise that it can recover files from formatted drives , i sort of doubt that it can do anything to recover files lost in a factory reset , insofar as the reset involves deleting the contents of the drive and replacing them with something new . ( and usually , the factory reset covers all of the partitions of your sd card / internal memory , including your " data " partition , where user files are stored . ) that said , if the deleted files were associated with a google app , or with a game that had google play services enabled ( and your google account connected ) , they might be restored when you re-associate the factory-reset device with your google account . sorry i could not be more helpful . . .
for reddit is fun , you can set it to " use external browser " in settings , it should open chrome and files will be saved in the same location . takes a little bit longer to open links though . for chrome , there seems to be no way to change download location but creating a symlink . this may require root , and your picture directories will still be displayed separately in your gallery .
the steps you will have to take to restore to original state ( stock ) if you are rooted unroot using z4root ( if you are rooted ) you may not even have to do this with flashing the stock rom . download the stock rom for the defy http://and-developers.com/sbf:defy you will need rdslite to flash , and afaik , you can only flash the uk version as 2.51 builds cannot downgrde . you will need to search the internet for rdslite as it is a proprietary software used internally at motorola . extract the zip so you have an sbf file get the phone in the bootloader plug in the phone to usb open rds lite and browse for the sbf file click on the defy and click start you can probably find more detailed instructions , but this is the " basics " on doing it .
provided you have not rooted your phone or changed the kernel , a simple factory reset will do what you require . tap settings . scroll down and tap privacy . tap factory data reset . tap reset phone .
while i have not seen that issue , you can restart the radio . dial *#*#INFO#*#* , choose Phone info and scroll down . click the Turn off radio button , then click its replacement , cunningly called Turn on radio . a nexus 5 , being google , should support the standard android_secret_code uris , so INFO should be present . other vendors may replace/remove/augment those , so bets are off on anything not directly from google .
i have had the same issue on at and t , carbon rom , 4.4.3 ktu84m . flashing android 4.4.4 as i post this . it uses a new modem , ktu84p . if you just want to try the modem , head on over to xda here
i use quicksshd . it costs $1.50 us but is worthwhile for me because it gives command line access as well as full root filesystem access . does require root .
ftpserver is very good , swiftp is another option . i believe they are both in the market .
i use wifi file explorer . it is for accessing ( and moving , etc ) files on your phone , nothing else , but it does it wonderfully .
you have to remember that gs3 has a quad core processor which uses quite a bit of power . also you have 4 radios ( gps , bluetooth , wifi and mobile data . if you are leaving all the radios on during the work day , you are consuming battery power . did you listen to music sometimes during the day . . . . ? did check facebook or take pictures ? which apps to do you have running ? all these features consume power . you might need to adjust your features - turn off bluetooth and/or gps and wifi if you are not using them or close some of the apps . if i am away from a charging station and am listening to music and do not need my gps or wifi , i usually turn those features off to conserve battery poweer .
your google research is correct . there is an order . root  unlock bootloader  install custom recovery ( twrp or cwm )  backup current rom  install custom rom ( cyanogenmod or aosp etc ) . without being rooted and having bootloader unlocked , you will not be able to install recovery and custom room . that is why it needs to be done first . cyanogenmod is pre-rooted . so you do not have to do it again once it is installed . initial rooting of your current rom and installing recovery is only one time process . you can then backup/restore the roms using the recovery of your choice ( twrp/cwm ) . assuming you have rooted/installed custom recovery , make sure to backup current rom should anything go wrong . also wipe data/cache/dalvik cache before installing the new custom rom . there is usually a hardware combination button to access recovery menu or you can issue reboot recovery command from terminal .
accessing the files in the app 's protected storage directory will not be possible without root because you will not have proper permissions to access the directories . if the app saved any data to external storage ( sd card , for example ) then you can get it , but not knowing the app in question it is hard to say where it would be . generally speaking it would likely live in /sdcard/Android/data somewhere assuming the standard apis are used , but it does not have to use that directory .
go to Settings -&gt; About phone -&gt; USB Settings and set it to mass storage . you may also need to enable or disable Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Development -&gt; USB debugging . the drives should be visible to the pc when you connect the device , but you should also have to click the usb notification you mention and tell it to actually mount the storage to pc so that they are accessible . finally , try looking at this for more info : http://androidforums.com/android-lounge/115574-solved-cannot-mount-android-device-via-usb-linux.html
there is a program called setcpu which will allow you to over/under clock the processor . the advantage here is the ability to set profiles to have the phone determine when to adjust the processor , such as when the phone is at a certain temprature , or if it is plugged in or not . i have been using it on my droid eris for a while now , and the results have been great .
is it the case that you can not see anything at all , or is it just really , really dark at the moment ? most lcd screens will show something faintly , even without a backlight , if you can get them in the right light . if you can see something then the easiest way to turn the lights up ( if you are using android 1.6+ ) is to add the power control widget to the home screen and then tap the far-right button on the power control bar , this should turn the brightness to half and then full , and you should be able to get to the rest of your settings then .
use apk 1.3 ( pc ) to access tablet and screen shot shows what is in the screen . keep refreshing screen shot as you press tablet options . mike m .
ok so i am going to take a small leap here and assume you were trying to root your device . here is what you need to know : soft-brick symptoms you can immediately tell that you have a soft-bricked phone if it turns on but does not really ' turn on ' . you will see some kind of boot loader screen that will prompt you to connect your phone to your computer and start a transfer . sometimes a soft-brick will look like a hard-brick ( see below ) , in this case you can plug your device into your computer and see if you can connect to it . if you can connect to it and transfer over a new rom , then your device is soft-bricked . what is it ? this word is actually miss used all over the internet . when a device is ' bricked ' , that means that the system can boot up but it can not launch the operating system because it has been erased/corrupted . a soft-bricked device is actually not the worst thing in the world , all you have to do is flash it with a new rom and you are good to go ! make sure the rom you are trying to flash the device with goes with the exact device . ' close ' only counts in horseshoes and hand grenades . hard-brick symptoms you can tell that a device is hard-bricked if you try to turn it on or charge it and you get no response . if you cannot launch the boot loader with the special combination ( usually power button along with up volume and menu button ) then it is probably a hard-brick . make sure you have determined that your power source and your battery are functioning properly before you jump to this conclusion . what is it ? a device that is hard bricked is almost useless . there is almost nothing you can do to get it back unless you have professional experience in hardware hacking . basically what you need to do is make your own ' jig ' that flashes the device rom with a new boot loader . once the boot loader is flashed , then you have your backdoor . you can then boot up the phone and flash it . i will be completely honest with you , you have 2 options if your device has been hard-bricked : try to get a new one through your warranty ( which is now void ) on your device if it is not expired . if you try to do this and you get caught you will have to pay the full price of the device and your carrier will get very angry with you . if you get away with it , you have a new phone and the phone carriers get to sell your phone as a refurbished phone . pay someone to j-tag it for you . depending on which device you have , it can cost as low as $40 . i do not recommend this method because if they decide that they want to keep your phone ( especially if you are shipping to canada or asia ) there is nothing you can do and you are sol with no phone and $40 missing out of your pocket . the internet is full of people with your exact same problem . a quick google search will give you answers to most of your questions . for samsung device users specifically samsung devices can usually be forced into download mode using a jig . they are pretty simple and cheap to make . if your device has been soft-bricked this will almost always work . if your device is hard-bricked this method will not work , i have tried .
you want to check out android x86 project . they have documentation and installation instruction for installing an android on a regular laptop/desktop .
if you have root access on your device and just denying access to the camera is enough , you can try an app like permissions denied to disable the permission for your app to read the camera . if you are comfortable with taking apart your phone , it looks like the camera cable could be physically disconnected without going too far into the device , according to this teardown .
no it doesnt trigger knox and try another computer to fix the connection error , happened to me
you can use vpn applications to access restricted websites on any android tablet/phone . here are a few of them flash vpn hot spot shield but i think you will not get exact 4g speeds while using vpn .
yes . it is possible to flash android devices under linux . the fact is that android does not need drivers - both adb and fastboot use libusb and talk to the devices directly . your main concern should be finding compatible fastboot binary - some oems use proprietary fastboot extensions to handle certain functions . obviously you can not expect to be able to follow the windows tutorial under linux . fortunately for you unrevoked ( the tool used in the tutorial you linked ) has a linux version as well .
turns out it was the micro-usb cable i was using to connect the kindle to my laptop . once i found my uber quality asus cable , progress began . . . now the os atleast properly detecting the device , and loading it as a mass usb storage device . dmesg : however , adb devices now gave : List of devices attached ???????????? no permissions  to get adb to properly list the device , and be able to connect to it , please see this solution on so : stackexchange-url
i had the same problem . ebay app told me the solution . my date and time were set manually in 2011 . i set the good time and date automaticly and now my apps have access to internet .
if you are connecting to your work network i would suggest that it could be a network restriction on an " unrecognised " device .
did you check the settings , where etherent is listed there ? just have a look there ; it may be in the connectivity settings .
if you can shell and run netcfg , there are a couple of other things you have to do . namely set up dns and a gateway : to see network status : netcfg  to bring up the ethernet connection , if it is not already : netcfg eth1 dhcp  set up dns , replacing the ip address as fit for your environment ( this can be found via a windows pc running on the same network with " ipconfig /all" ) : setprop net.dns1 10.30.28.180  set up the default gateway ip ( which can also be found by running " ipconfig /all " on a windows pc on the same network ) : route add default gw 10.31.60.1 dev eth1 
there are really only 2 tool tips that you dismiss . you had be better off finding a tutorial or video to teach her .
i never tried it but applications can access usb through the following api since android 3.1 . to confirm this there are devices with infrared that you plug to usb in your phone to use it as universal remote control .
a friend just recommended call control to me for this very reason . i am starting to get spam calls on my cell phone and it disgusts me . plus there is a black list feature as well .
try true caller , it comes up with the preloaded blacklist and spammer numbers and keeps on updating . . it has some interersting features too . .
there are a few apps like android lost that work after you lose your phone , but the better ones need to be installed beforehand for total control . try this : remote phone access 2 month wait . . . sorry also , i cant find anything but this , i think this is the only way . i know you said you can not use these .
i think cerebus ( paid , but they do free promotions from time to time ) can activate location services remotely on android 2.3+ , but only if you have root . alternatively , if you just want to enable gps via sms , you can look into automateit ( free ) or tasker ( paid ) , they also need root on 2.3+ though
you should be able to long-press on the text , and select view message details , this should give you the actual phone number it was sent from . with this in hand you can go through your phone book and double-check that it is not anyone you know . if it is not then you should be able to contact your service provider and ask them to block messages from that number . also , many automated text services that use short message codes to send are set to remove you from their list if you reply with just the word STOP in a text message .
basically you have to compile android for that device with its drivers . example of compilation process . an older example from the official dev site for building 1.6 for the g1 . devices like the n1 and g1 ( dev phones ) let you easily put these images on your phone after compilation , because that is what they were made for ( unlockable and hackable ) . i believe their drivers are in the official android source ( i could be wrong , but they are easily available ) . all other devices do not come unlocked , so first you have to unlock ( root ) your phone to be able to write anything else to it . i have never compiled android or a rom , so i can not give you much more details than this . essentially there are proprietary binaries ( the drivers ) that are also needed for each specific android phone in order to get it to run on that device . so you either have to get those drivers from the vendor or write them yourself .
it is up to the manufacturer of the device to provide the appropriate and functional drivers for any hardware on their device . unfortunately , many of them also like to add their own ui ( often poorly designed and implemented ) . this is the case with the tapui from all i have heard . this is not a problem with android . it is a problem with viewsonic .
there is another service run by a forensics company called viaforensics : appwatchdog . apps have a hard time there getting certified for being " absolutely secure " -- so do not get scared if you see only few green check marks , check the details as well ; most times a yellow mark is still fine at least for private users .
have a look on http://www.appoozle.com/ they provide an app and a web information service that allows publishers to justify the permissions their apps require .
while it does not rate the app , privacy inspector can scan the app after you have downloaded it and provide a detailed report .
you have to flash a volume driver . you will get from the link where you downloaded the custom rom . your new custom rom is not supporting the default driver . you can flash the zip file from the app you got by default in a new rom like cmw .
seems to be a common hardware problem on samsung devices . easiest solution is to just install the newest dorimanx kernel for samsung galaxy sii . works for me now . source : this thread here .
as you may already know , you can only access those files with root , i.e. if your device is rooted . i can copy and paste the file to another location , but i think this may change the nature of the file . whut ? no , copying a file will not change the file contents . they will be the same as of the time the copy process is started . ideally , you should make sure that no process has a open write/append file handle to the file , by killing the relevant processes ( e . g . com.myapplication )
androphp looks like it'll fill your needs quite nicely . you can . . . deply dynamic php content serve pages over lan use a mysql database heck , this'd be awesome for all sorts of events . have people whip out their phones , navigate to your locally hosted signup form , etc , then export the mysql tables out later .
that unfortunately needs some 3 rd party app , as there is no " native " feature included with android . apps you might wish to check for this purpose include : androphp ( already described by dotvezz ) ulti server : php , mysql , pma includes dydns , ftp , ftps , sftp , ssh , php , mysql ( which also answers t0mm13b 's comment ) ksweb : server + php + mysql also includes ftp and some administrative tools and a function to update external ip in no-ip service ( second answer to t0mm13b , even with his favorite " no-ip" ) namp nginx android web server with php , mysql and ftp
you should be able to achieve what you want to do with the help of home2 shortcut . the app is self-explanatory . you can easily use it . if you have enables s voice on double-tap , go into the s voice settings and uncheck the launch svoice box . this will keep s voice from launching when you double tap the home button . open home2 shortcut and configure it to launch the app of your choosing with a double tap of the home button . when you get to the end , after you tap " close " it will ask you to set as default . select home2launcher as the default . read more information here .
i am afraid you delete the whole system on your device , so that there is currently no rom to boot . what you can do now is to flash a rom . if you have an external sd card slot , then push your rom files and g-apps onto it and insert the card and flash via recovery . if your device does not have an external sd card slot or you do not have one , you have to flash the rom via adb . here 's a link to that : xda-wiki i hope i understood you correctly and that it helps
how about using nfc to tell the phone that it should switch itself to driving mode when inserted into the cradle ? you can get nfc stickers for few euro/pounds on ebay . . . , put one to the back of the cradle , setup your phone and off you go :- ) that probably is not what you are looking for but still , it is nice and elegant solution ; - )
have you tried setting superuser to always prompt , then stick the phone into the dock ? that is the first thing i would try , because then superuser at least should be asking you questions before allowing anything to happen , which should allow you to get a hint as to what is going on .
it is a built-in bug report feature . http://rootzwiki.com/topic/16019-keeps-asking-me-to-email-bug-report/#entry410481 this is built into android . it is a debugging tool that lets you send a bug report . it sends to you because you manually triggered it . it is very easy to trigger it , even accidentally . if you press both volume buttons and the power button at the same time , it will vibrate once . then it takes nearly a full minute before the phone vibrates three times and the bug report pops up . it also does not seem to keep processing when the phone is asleep , so if you accidentally do it when say checking the time or something , it will not show up until the next time you unlock your phone . it is easy to trigger and i have done it by accident quite a few times when either checking the time or taking a screenshot ( it is pretty easy to press both volume keys accidentally when taking a screenshot ) . you can disable the bug report function by going to /system/bin/ and deleting or renaming bugreport and bugmailer . sh , but i am not sure if this will affect the ability to send bug reports for other system apps . then it will not happen anymore . it can also be disabled in the rom code by the developer .
once the encryption screen comes up , android may have gotten far enough in the bootprocess for the adb server to start . if you have adb set up on the computer , check and see if the computer can recognize the phone by typing adb devices . if you see device with a serial number , then just simply type adb reboot recovery . ( if you do not have adb , there are several guides that can be found via google that explain how to get it set up . )
maybe the site/computer you are downloading from have a upload limit . but when you push files ( you upload ) the other side is downloading , so it less of a problem for them .
you can use ursafe media redirector .
i had the exact same issue . it also caused a related problem . when i tried to browse the camera folder on my external sd card , it hangs for about 60 seconds . so i went to terminal ( if your phone does not have this app then download the terminal emulator ) and did the following ( case-sensitive ) : cd //storage/extSdCard/DCIM mv Camera Recent i took me a lot of experimentation to discover the problem and to find a simple fix , but this works just fine for me . i hope it helps you .
did you say google script ? marking gmail read with apps script the idea behind this script is to mark as read any message that is not in the inbox ( i.e. . , has been archived ) . head to script . google . com to start a script . choose to create a script for gmail in the little popup . delete all the sample code it gives you . replace it with this ( written using the api reference ) : function markarchivedasread ( ) { var threads = gmailapp . search ( 'label:unread -label:inbox' ) ; gmailapp . markthreadsread ( threads ) ; } ; save the project with file > save . add a new version using file > manage versions and enter " initial version " then submit that . do a test run using run > markarchivedasread and be sure and authorize the app when it asks you to . add a new trigger using resource > current project 's triggers and choose to run the above function every minute . save the script again and exit . i do not know that it is necessary to run it every minute , but as long as you run it regularly . this is not a direct answer to your issue , and if you have reasons to have unread messages that are not in your inbox this will not work for you .
i believe i resolved the issue with @bruceconnor 's case , needing to wait for the script to execute before it can work . i created a new filter that looks for anything in the inbox assigns the " i " label ( which is created by his version ) gmail complains that the filter will never match anything , but in this case it does match all incoming messages that stay in the inbox . the result is that all new incoming messages are automatically " memorized " by this tag , then when you hit archive the script can compare the inbox list with the " i " label and know which ones were just archived , and then mark only those as " read " . you do not have to wait to archive , because all messages are assigned into the archive " i " queue . bonus : i also set the new " i " label to " hide in message list " and " hide in label list " , so it never shows up at all . ( click the little arrow next to the new " i " label and choose these options . )
i managed to make it work with the following google script . it is almos the same as @aleverett 's answer , but it never marks as read messages that skipped the inbox entirely ( from a filter or something ) . unfortunately , it will not work for you if you tend archive messages very quickly ( less then 30 seconds on average ) .
google goggles you can basically scan text with it and it is copied to the device as raw text .
scanning a hyperlink on a page ( visually , as qr code usually is ) can be problematic . after all , almost every link on the page you are reading does not present a full url that can be used by the handset ( e . g . http://www.google.com does not bring you where it says that it does ) . in light of this , the chrome to phone extension for the chrome browser can send a page to your phone where you can bookmark it . in addition , you get several other nice features ( send a highlighted number to your phone 's dialer from the browser or launch google maps links on your phone from a browser link ) . very handy . if you are not thrilled with chrome , firefox even has an add-on
do you mean you want to see which ports are being used on the pc or android device ? you can use the netstat command for this . on windows : netstat -an | find /i "listening" on linux : `netstat -an | grep " listen " ( notice the space after listen ) this shows all the ports that are listening for incoming connection ( i.e. . have a server of some kind behind them ) . if you need to know which server , you can use this on linux : netstat -anp | grep "LISTEN " . do not know about the windows counterpart , but there is a -o switch to print the process id and you can compare it to the ones in task manager .
no . apps on android can not interfere with each other 's operations to the extent you describe . i can think of two options that come close to what you describe : use a standard pgp app and copy-and-paste ciphertext between that and the chat app . if the chat app you are using uses direct client-to-client transmissions , instead of every message going via a server , then you could set up a vpn and ask your partner to join it before starting to chat with you . to be honest , neither of these options , nor the ideal circumstance you describe , sound like an easier sell than simply asking your friends to use a secure chat system . i suggest to you that jabber offers this functionality while allowing a choice of clients , some of which can also use different chat systems , so it might be the easiest transition path .
the wikipedia page on loop devices explains this pretty well . it is basically a " pseudo-device " ( i.e. . a device which does not exist physically ) that allows a file to be treated as a block device ( for example , a hard drive ) . you need support for it because the ubuntu system is stored as a . img file , which is essentially created to be a file representation of a filesystem or disk partition . by mounting it on a loop device you can access the file as though it really was a whole filesystem , thus creating a sort of " virtual " partition ( or disk ) for ubuntu to live on .
in unix-like operating systems , a loop device , vnd ( vnode disk ) , or lofi ( loopback file interface ) is a pseudo-device that makes a file accessible as a block device . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/loop_device basically , it allows you to make your phone think that an image file is a separate storage area/device .
yeah first please answer the question that which device you are using and did you get an official update from your manufacturer or did you manually install a custom rom ? ( although by your post it seems an official manufacturer update but please confirm . . . ) if : 1 . official update , then you can just do that update all over again and this time try it through pc software ( if you had previously done an over the air update ) . or finally contact your manufacturer 's customer care or go to service center . 2 . custom rom , then it may be problem with the rom or kernel . reach the developer for that . or you can even replace the google apps . just find an appropriate . zip coinciding with your android version . hope this helps or ask again with doubts . : )
answering my own question here . bottom line here is android users must manage their own pictures and videos storage . it is important to understand that the " gallery " application ( and probably the new alternative " photos" ) is not synced to google plus , they are merely backuped ; this means that gallery does not deletes ( leave a thumbnail ) least recent used pictures to save space ( as i mistakenly assumed ) . i , for one , will be using google plus application from now on to be able to access all my pictures and videos and will be deleting images as soon as they are backuped .
this is done to conserve battery life . downloaded data means active radios , which means electricity drawn , which means battery drained . your one email , might be fine . but people often get hundreds of messages per day . if every message i got were that size and my phone downloaded the full content of each one the battery would be dead very quickly . if it is an email that is important that i need to read it is probably going to be only a few lines . messages that are large are usually things i do not need while i am at the grocery store or interrupting me while i get a haircut . it can wait until i get back to my desk . conversely , without a reasonably small limit you could dos someone by sending them several large messages , forcing their phone to download all of that data . you can both chew up their data limit and drain their battery .
is this an android version specific ? ( ie gingerbread ) no , this has nothing to do with the android version , i have several close to me and none have such option . it is probably a carrier-specific setting on the stock app . bahamat answer easily justifies the reason as to why carriers would prefer such low limitations and how this benefits users . is this a configuration one makes when setting up a device with the android os regardless of the version ? meaning every device is different ? it may vary depending on the device and carrier , but what usual happens with settings like this is that they are silently applied , but as you have found out , the user can update the value to a more desired one . how many devices are set with a max file size this low , what is the standard setting out of the box ? there is no standard about the size for an email that goes this low . what actually exists is a general conception regarding the emails maximum size that accounts for the sum of the message 's body and the encoded attachment . since a message will often pass through several mail transfer agents to reach the recipient , and since most of them have to cache messages for a certain period of time , this brings storage issues that need to be addressed . since the early days , 10mb was considered to be more than acceptable for an email . you can read all about this at wikipedia .
this answer is based on comments from niall c . there are 5 phases in the process : select each contact , and then link them when relevant . the goal is to have 1 friend = 1 contact . export the list ( contact > menu > more > import export > to sd card ) , it will work even if you do not have any sd card . transfer the file to a computer ( the file is quite light , even with gpg keys and user pics ) open gmail , backup your contact by exporting them import the vcf file and that is all ! your contacts in gmail have now phone numbers ! do not worry , gmail merge contacts becase their email adress is already known . source : stackexchange-url
since android 4.2 tablet can have multiple users . at least i have seen this in nexus 7 . you need to do the following : protect your default user account on the tablet with a password create a restricted user account and give the user access to apps that you want them to have note : multi-user is not available on android phones or with older android oses . you cannot protect your tablet from being factory rest by user and having access to all .
always been that way and if you do not change the name it will overwrite the image . till now , have not found any fix or a work around , besides using another app from the market . this two have been recommend in the past and work just fine : go sms pro handcent sms just confirmed and this google play search , still gives you the two above app as the best rated ones .
short answer : no . kernel support is missing . you need to replace the kernel . longer answer - check answer from zuul .
the cyanogenmod team feels that swap does not serve it is purpose on an android device : this question is hotly debated , but you almost definitely do not need swap or compcache . . . you can read all about it at the swap and compcache - cyanogenmod wiki ! to answer you question directly , by default the swap and compcache schemes are disabled , but if you still feel the need to use them , above link provides you with a how-to . so , yes , the cyanogenmod 7.2 supports swap and its usage needs to be activated . the swap and compcache schemes usage depends on the device and its support for it . as a side note , the cyanogenmod 7 . x is gingerbread-based not froyo , as can be read here : after 3 rounds of release candidates , and squashing a few more bugs in the stabilization branch of cyanogenmod 7 , the newest stable iteration of the gingerbread-based cm7 is now being released .
in calendar app , go to Menu -&gt; Calendars to display and uncheck the calendar you wish to stop displaying . on that same screen you can also tap the Calendars to sync button , uncheck the calendar ( s ) you wish to stop from being synchronized to the phone and tap the OK button .
i think there is no need to set those settings in the email app . you only need to set them in e-mail clients where you are getting duplicate copies of the email , provided those clients have a way of setting those settings . if you notice in the image below ( from the desktop gmail web app ) , there is a Sent Mail and an [Imap]/Sent folder . the Sent Mail folder is gmail 's , while the [Imap]/Sent folder is generated by a 3rd-party client ( like thunderbird or kaiten , for example ) . ideally , a sent mail would be placed under Sent Mail or under [Imap]/Sent . in some cases , it gets copied under both . so now , you have two copies of the sent email . if this is happening , then you need to follow the recommended imap client settings . if not , you are fine . related reference : stackexchange-url
you should look around xda-developers . someone there will be able to point you as to where the kernel is located . once you get your hands on it , you can flash it like you did your current kernel .
here is a list with stock kernels for nexus 4 . as said before , simply download it and flash it like any other kernel . http://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-4/development/kernel-stock-flashable-kernels-t2381128
download file manager hd from https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.rhmsoft.fm.hd follow these instructions . answer source : http://androidforums.com/2848952-post5.html on the panel at the left tap storage . on the panel at the top right press the up arrow until the first directory entry is asec . now scroll down through the directory and you should see usb_storage . tap usb_storage and you should see your data .
i hope this should work for you - macedonian keyboard app google play install and change input method when typing to use this keyboard . ( to change input method , you can follow this guide - android stack exchange - change input method ) after changing keyboard , select '123' near space button and then select ' mkd ' at same place to get the macedonian keyboard . you can also try other popular keyboard apps if they have macedonian support , unfortunately swype does not have it .
try with a file browser ( astro ) or something like that to browse on your tablet and then you will find the apk 's if you search good . but it is not sure they will work correctly or possible to transport them . but you can always give it a try .
you can use an app like app backup and restore . it allows you to select which apps you want to backup and it copies them to your sd card .
best choice for this is imho appmonster , which backs up your *.apk files to sdcard . this version is free but somehow limited ; the real power comes with its payed version , appmonster pro backup restore ( ~eur 3 ) -- which not only adds batch-mode for restore , but also automatically backs up all new installations/updates , while letting you define how many generations you want to keep and ( at least this was on the roadmap ) even " pin " a version you want to keep " forever " . an added plus is that it also shows whether an app has ad modules hooked in ( e . g . admob ) , if it supports app2sd , or if it is already installed on sd : for me , it is the ultimate tool for this goal -- saved my ass a couple of times , when some app-update introduced a bug , or ripped away a feature . the only thing i miss here is it cannot backup the apps ' data -- but that is a thing impossible to all non-root apps ( for this , i use mentioned titanium backup -- but that is not topic of this question , and thus just mentioned for completeness ) . to sum up : appmonster would solve your problem with getting the *.apk files to the sdcard for transfer -- and even offer you features you surely will use even after completing that job . moreover , if you use the pro version , the sdcard copy will be done automatically for you , saving you some manual work .
short answer your device uses a screen resolution of 320 x 480 pixels , while the application you are trying to run needs a minimum of 800 x 480 pixeis . while you are using an application to manipulate the screen density , this can not overcome the physical limitation of your device 's screen , that the application checks for before running . in short , you can not run the application on that device . elaborating the answer your device your device , the samsung i5700 galaxy spica uses 320 x 480 pixels of screen resolution . pokerstars mobile game the application you have mentioned in the question comments , under the faq section says : does pokerstars mobile poker work on all android devices ? no . pokerstars mobile poker is designed only for mobile devices running android 2.2 and above , with a minimum screen resolution of 800x480 . compatible devices include ( but are not limited to ) : samsung galaxy galaxy nexus motorola droid razr htc sensation htc desire sony ericsson xperia x10 sony ericsson xperia x13 acer liquid a1 what is screen resolution ? quoted from android developers - terms and concepts the total number of physical pixels on a screen . when adding support for multiple screens , applications do not work directly with resolution ; applications should be concerned only with screen size and density , as specified by the generalized size and density groups . screen size actual physical size , measured as the screen 's diagonal . for simplicity , android groups all actual screen sizes into four generalized sizes : small , normal , large , and extra large . screen density the quantity of pixels within a physical area of the screen ; usually referred to as dpi ( dots per inch ) . for example , a " low " density screen has fewer pixels within a given physical area , compared to a " normal " or " high " density screen . for simplicity , android groups all actual screen densities into four generalized densities : low , medium , high , and extra high .
the best explanation i could find online : people details is a new sync service related to the recent release of google play games . it was pushed to most ( if not all ) android devices recently . its purpose is to tie you together across all google play services ( the separate services available from the google play screen ) . the idea is to maintain a uniform and unique " identity " for you in all related google games so that data from one can potentially be used to " enhance " the user experience in another the contact sync is for the usual contacts that a user saves directly on your phone .
you can turn off just the cell radio by using the Phone Info feature : dial *#*#4636#*#* and press Turn off radio .
on most phones you can still enable wi-fi while in airplane mode . in fact , many airlines now have wi-fi in flight . airplane mode might be a more viable option than you think ; )
if you are referring to the " my number " field then i answered the question here . the " my number " is not actually stored on the phone , it is stored on your sim card . stock android can not edit this data . cyanogenmod can , so can iphones and blackberrys . if you can get your hands on one of these then just pop your sim into it and edit the " my number " field and bobs your uncle .
yes you can do that . firstly enable the the developer mode by tapping the build number in about phone then go in developer options and then check force rtl layout
you had have to use a custom rom to do this , because the layout direction is a fixed part of the locale information , not a user-visible setting . even if you could , you had find that most apps would not change . it takes development and testing time to make android layouts bidirectional , and the support was not added to android until jelly bean , so apps tend to only use it if they actually do support rtl languages . even on apps which do support it , you had probably find strange behaviour because english is not supposed to be laid out right-to-left . for example , text labels that are too long might have the " . . . " at the start instead of the end , or vice-versa . so in summary , it is a lot of effort to end up with a broken configuration .
given that you and your friend both have the same tablet , this should be possible . your friend will need to be rooted as well . probably the easiest thing would be for him to perform a nandroid backup which you then transfer to your tablet and restore . if this works , your tablet will be in the same state as his at the time he flashed , so you will need to delete his account , establish yours , etc . disclaimer : as with all things flashing , i can not guarantee that this will not make your situation worse . but it sounds like you are already in a bad way .
as of 10/20/12 , no one has ever rooted the commando . xda developers forum is home to some of the innovators in the droid world , and no one there has yet come up with a way . couple of reference points for you : casio g'zone commando [ q ] casio commando 2.3.3 root-impossible
it is not possible with the google launcher , but it is fully possible in 4.4 in general , you just need to stop using google 's launcher . the " regular " launcher is still included so you can switch to that .
it is convenient to have the google now screen as the left-most screen because it is largely occupied by cards that slide-out to the right . would make scrolling further to a left screen complicated . as an aside , careful with the fast right swipes to move across many screens . you might tend to slide out a card from the now screen . nothing to worry though , the now screen is strikingly different from your usual screens there is also an undo for a quick roll-back
answering my own question , this seems to just be my misunderstanding of how google now works . i was typing the search and expecting a voice response . but apparently it only responds with a voice if you ask with a voice . if i use voice search , then a voice does indeed reply . leaving this question/answer here in case anyone else has the same misunderstanding .
you do not manage the accounts within the gmail app , but rather at the os level . you need to go to Settings &gt; Accounts on your phone and remove the accounts from there .
i am the developer of locale , and i wanted to make sure the most up to date information is available here : locale does support backup and restore . more information about this feature can be found on our website at http://feedback.twofortyfouram.com/forums/5655-locale-feedback/suggestions/74784-backup-settings-?ref=title we publish a headphones plug-in condition and a free media volume setting for locale , giving locale the ability to adjust media volume based on headphones being plugged-in/unplugged .
the easiest way to compare these two apps : locale costs more . but it is a lot more user friendly . you just set up " situations " with triggers and actions . then you prioritize the situations . that is it . tasker costs less . but it is a lot more customizable . it is more like being given a scripting language . there are tons of options and choices and it can get really confusing if you do not know what you are doing . it is not made for the average user . i will say that anything locale can do , tasker can do it too . it just is not as quick and easy to set it up . in regards to backing up , you can backup tasker into script files . locale has no built in back up system . both of these applications are extendable to do practically anything because they support plugins . tasker supports locale plugins too . also : personally , i use both of these apps . i use locale for setting up common situations ( disable sounds when asleep , adjust brightness/screen timeout when plugged in , go silent at work , etc . ) and then tasker for . . . well . . . tasks ! such as plugging in my headphones i reduce my media volume to 50% ( i have blared music accidentally way too many times ) and displaying a menu of music apps .
there are multiple solutions available : re-zip the image advantage : you do it once , and can use the resulting image for multiple devices . that is what i did with cm7.2 for my milestone 2 . easy enough to do : create a temporary ( empty ) folder unzip the zip file to it remove unwanted *.apk files from /system/apps ( be careful of what you remove , of course ) zip up the directory contents again using a graphical zip manager ( like winzip or the like ) , steps would be even easier : open the zip file with the archive manager remove the unwanted .apk files if the zip manager requires it , save the manipulated zip manually cleanup after flashing , using the shell this is what ce4 recommended in the comments . it requires you using a terminal emulator on your device : flash the image as-is remove superfluous stuff from the system partition by hand ( like rm /system/big/junk/example.mp4 ) manually cleanup after flashing , using other tools almost the same as the previous method , but a bit more user-friendly . disadvantage : this will not do for superflous ringtones and the like : flash the image as-is use a tool like titanium backup or root uninstaller to remove unwanted system apps
i am using a custom rom and i wanted to delete the aosp browser . i simply unzipped the custom rom zip , deleted the browser apk . then i re-zipped the rom image and flashed it as usual on twrp . way to go :d works just fine ! !
just installed trello . seems like it is designed for offline viewing , not offline editing . perhaps evernote might be a better option , although it is not really a project management tool .
you seem to be using different measurement units , 50kbps is the same as 400kbps . remember that 1 byte = 8 bits . if that is not the case , check if your laptop is connecting using 802.11n , htc legend does not support 802.11n , it only supports 802.11b/g . how do i check the connection speed ? download speedtest app from the market . and in your laptop , go to speedtest .net.
first of all make sure you have turned your gps ( if available ) and data connection turned on . this helps the device to get your precise location easily . when using the app , make sure that you do not touch your devices screen by mistake . this often happens even without you knowing it and causes the map to tilt , losing the automatic center alignment of your current position . now open the app and press . then the map will center to your current location . then tap the location icon again . now the location icon should move with you . tap the location icon again and then it will look like . now you should get a more driver friendly view with your location icon moving smoothly . happy driving !
most recoveries do not work in root mode - and root mode cannot be acheived , as the su binary calls your superuser app to gain permission to use root mode . as the su binary cannot call the app , it stops you using su mode . it could also be due to the fact that the su file used in recovery is the stock su file found in android , and this does not let you switch to the root user ( as if it did every device would be rooted ) . some recoveries allow root to be used - you will have to search for one for your device .
you are not going to get a popup superuser confirmation from within a rooted recovery . that popup superuser confirm dialog only happens in a fully booted normal android environment . sounds more likely that the ramdisk used within the recovery , has the setting ro.secure=1 in default.prop by accident thus preventing the su binary from getting executed with a error su: permission denied . had it being set as ro.secure=0 then adb would allow the s witch u ser to root function as normal . op : please give more details such as make of handset , what version of recovery , is it clockworkmod or stock ?
there is an app called battery charged notifier that will just notify you when your battery is fully charged . it is free , but there is a " paid key " that adds some additional features , like setting your own notification sound .
i believe my phone vibrates when it is done charging , but i have never seen a setting for it . i am certain you could set up a profile with locale to notify when charging is done .
if you use tasker automation app you can implement an alert using it - battery full alert . free alternative is the app called automateit . it also has a battery level trigger based on which you can produce a notification/sound , etc .
as with most exchange activesync clients android implements a sub-set of features from various versions of activesync . according to the android 4 ( ice cream sandwich ) platform highlights , the email client supports eas v14 ( scroll down to the " improved email " section ) , in a comparison with gingerbread ( android 2.3 . x ) though you also need to take into account the android 3 ( honeycomb ) changes which while they do not specify eas changes did add support for policies for encrypted storage , password expiration , password history , and password complexity , all of which are eas features . there are probably more differences between versions than it is practical to keep up to date here , the wikipedia page comparison of exchange activesync clients has a pretty good table comparing feature support .
it is a shame that this is not built into android . fortuantely , there are now many apps that can do that ( mostly a side functionality of file manager apps ) . if you just need a lightweight standalone app for this , i can recommend file shortcut .
in fact it is easy to do using a file explorer application . i used ES File Explorer but i suspect other programs have the same feature . using ES File Explorer , you have to navigate to the file , then do a long click on the file icon until a menu appears . then you choose Shortcut . nothing shows the operation works but a new icon will be present in the launcher .
using the google drive app i created a test spreadsheet to investigate your question . i found the [1] to be a footnote - at the bottom of the spreadsheet is a list of all notes about validation for each applicable cell . the same applies to comments made to cells and , i suspect , other types of advanced cell formatting that do not translate well to small screens . it is clunky , but at least the validation follows to mobile . there does not seem to be a way to change how validation information is displayed . see here below the spreadsheet are two footnotes , one indicating valid data ( by displaying the help text , [1] ) and the other representing invalid data ( by displaying " validationfailed [ help text ] , " [2] ) :
mx player works like a charm for anything with subtitles . also it has both software and hardware decoding , so you are set !
you can try mvideoplayer . this supports hd videos well and has subtitle functionality . should work with hdmi too . hope this helps .
maybe you should try vlc for android . it is able to properly display subtitles without glitches for now , atleast on my device . i have not tried with mhl though .
as other mention , you can use the tools from sdk . but when your not fond of command lines , you can also explore the emulator with the eclipse adt plugin . the plugin integrates a couple of development tools like adb , ddms , logcat , etc . . . i find it very interesting to connect my phone with usb ( enable usb debuggin ) and watch how everything works . . . ; - ) but the same can be done for the emulator . . .
the android emulator gives you root access , you do not need to root it . check out the emulator page on android . com for details on how to do things as root .
settings / data usage / menu button / restrict background data ( click image to enlarge )
judging from your actions , i am guessing you have root access and possibly a custom recovery . first , a word of advice : do not modify the system framework directly especially permissions/platform . xml . this along with a few other files is responsible for defining what android permissions are , giving the permissions for the core part of the system and the mappings involved with it and the sdk . if you somehow mess up the files , then you could seriously lose functionality and as you noticed , permissions . if you modify other parts of the framework , you could cause system instability , boot loops or it just might fail to boot android altogether . additionally , dropping the jar file into the framework directory does not work . this is because its actually installed in system/lib or system/bin ( have to check android source . might have this confused ) . next , this jar file is usually installed with google apps package ( or gapps for short ) and the updater-script takes care of all that so if you still want to manually install the jar file , i suggest you look at the updater-script for the location of install . now , what is the quickest way to fix this and install the jar file ? reinstall whatever rom you have - you dont have to wipe the data as only the system was modified . if you have a stock rom , factory reset wont help . this is because a factory reset wipes the data and cache . it does not wipe the system partition that you changed and so the problem will still remain when you reboot . flash the latest version of gapps to your phone using recovery . this will reinstall all the google apps as well as the corresponding libraries needed to extend their functionality . it will also help your other app work .
if you use google calendar , you can export the calendar from lightning as an . ics file import that . ics file into google calendar
try a powered usb hub . my ( win7 ) work laptop refuses to connect to my samsung s2 except through the powered usb hub in the monitor .
try to edit adb_usb . ini and add your device id you can find it by going to the device manager find the " android adb interface " double click on it go to the details tab , and on the " property " drop down menu select " hardware ids " on the box below it labeled " values " you should see something like " usb\vid_2207 and pid_0010 and mi_01" the numbers maybe different based on your device vendor id , for example my vendor id is "2207" no open the adb_usb . ini located on the folders below and add your device id in hex format for example my device id is "2207" i will put it there as "0x2207" it is usually located in xp : \documents and settings\ . android\ windows 7: \users\ . android\ windows 8: i really dont know . but if the folder doesnt exist try to create it by using cmd . and if the file adb_usb . ini also doesnt exist you can create it using notepad and only pasting only your device id and save it on the . android folder .
try this : find the . android folder in your home directory , and replace the adb_usb . ini file with this one . this tells your computer to let adb work with a load of different usb devices . you may need to restart adb via the command line : adb kill-server adb start-server  and now adb should show you your device adb devices 
i know it is a late answer -- but it does not need any " special app " to be written : as to your apps installation : put all the .apk files into a directory ( you can catch them e.g. using appmonster free backup restore ) . add the basic stuff from the android sdk ( you do not need the entire sdk package , just a few files which you can find e.g. in the androidforums adb guide , for mac , linux and windows ) . write a tiny shell/batch script to adb install *.apk . the factory reset can be accomplished in a similar way : adb shell "recovery --wipe_data"  so put that as the first line of your script optionally prepend it with an adb wait-for-device . as the wipe is followed by a reboot , better make it look like this : zip it all up and send it to the user . instructions to the user : unpack the zip to an empty folder ( closer descriptions depending on the os used ) connect your device with an usb cable ( maybe add instructions on how to see whether the connection was established successfully . on windows , added trouble might be special drivers needed ) start the shell script/batch file taking a look at the adb options might give you further ideas ; )
possible solutions , in descending order of idealism and difficulty : create a custom rom , with the apps you want on it , which you can flash onto these devices . this question is a good starting place for that . write your own app , which automatically installs the other apps . the first answer to this thread provides the code to install apps programmatically . the easiest solution , if it suits your needs , would to be to use one of many " installer " apps . if you can drop the apps on the tablets after installing your stock rom ( ideally on an sd card ) , you could then install an " installer " app . then either run it yourself , or instruct your users to run it and install the listed apps . in any of these solutions , you will have to write the desktop computer application which has the few-button interface for users , which does the flashing and installing . whether you do a custom rom or a stock one , you will have to automate its install . this thread has some help on automating rom installation .
i would not count on icloud once on on android . reason : you need to rely on third party apps such as solcalendar to sync the icloud calendar with your android phone . why not simply export all calendar data from icloud to google and sync the android . this will cut the cord with icloud ?
i am not sure if it works . but first of all update the driver from sdk\extras\google\usb_driver for your device . also , check in root mode if any help is available .
you can download the file as a pdf and then transfer that file to the phone using something like awesome drop . then view it on the phone with a pdf reader .
you are not alone . inability to uninstall any apps and crashes in settings , are some of the nasty bugs in sony 's recent google play edition devices . currently there are no workarounds , and you must wait until sony releases an update with fixes for these issues . sources : android authority , android community [ edit ] allegedly , the upcoming 4.4.2 ota update will fix most of the glaring issues . [ edit 2 ] confirmed , the just released 4.4.2 ota update fixes those nasty bugs on the z ultra . check to see if you have it ( keep in mind it is probably a staged roll-out , so you might not see the update immediately . )
xprivacy is not a stand-alone application . it is a module of the xposed framework , and thus utilizes the latter to achieve its goals . so if the xprivacy dev " reports in " , he might just say : " waiting for the xposed team to show up " . . . oh , if you do not wanna wait : head straight to the xposed thread at xda for all the details . the intro over there states : i extended the /system/bin/app_process executable to load a jar file on startup . the classes of this file will sit in every process ( including the one for system services ) and can act with their powers . and even more : i have implemented something that allows developers to replace any method in any class ( may it be in the framework , systemui or a custom app ) . this makes xposed very powerful . you can change parameters for the method call , modify the return value or skip the call to the method completely - it is all up to you ! also replacing or adding resources is easy . so in short and simplified words : xposed replaces some system resources to " expose " the system api , so other apps ( acting as xposed modules ) can use it . amongst those other apps is  tam-tam-tam-tam-tam  xprivacy .
though it is not the identical situation , the solution which worked out for i am seeing duplicated images and videos on gallery might apply here as well : go to settings&rarr ; apps&rarr ; manage apps select the " all apps " tab find the gallery app , open its entry , tap " clear cache " do the same for the media storage app have the media scanner running again . this can be triggered by either a reboot of the device ( ugh ! ) unmounting/mounting the external sdcard if any ( hm . . . ) attach the device to your pc via usb , optionally copy some file to it , detach it again ( ok . . . ) for repeated use , take a look at apps like e.g. rescan media , scan media , or sdrescan ( yeah ! ) check if the duplicates are gone . if not , repeat everything , but this time additionally select to " delete data "
here install it again - amazon kindle . comment if not worked .
check out his blog post on it . launcherpro shortcuts are a new way of creating , adding , and sharing custom shortcuts for launcherpro . shortcuts are created and shared as lps files . lps files are self-contained shortcut files that have all the info needed to make a shortcut , including the label , icon , and android intent ( more on intents in a bit ) . they are written in a new format that i created for this purpose , which is based in xml . dont worry , i created a web-based tool for creating these files so its as easy as filling out a form and downloading the resulting . lps file . a shortcut always needs an android intent to be executed when the shortcut is clicked . intents are the standard way of launching activities/apps and sending information and commands to apps in android . if you want to create your own launcherpro shortcuts , please read this page for a detailed explanation of how intents work and how to make your own . lps files need to be stored in your sd card , either in the root of the card , or inside the folders download , downloads or lpshortcuts . to add an lp shortcut to a homescreen , long-press on a blank spot , choose shortcuts and then launcherpro shortcuts . if you have any lps files in the previously mentioned folders in your sd card , they should show up on the list . you can click on create new to go to the web-based launcherpro shortcut creator tool . you can also access the launcherpro shortcut creator tool from your computer , and then put the generated lps file in your sd card . he also links to a lengthy forum thread where people are posting some of their shortcuts . i can not seem to find any other resources of shortcuts .
or you could : long press the shortcut icon you want to change . it brings up the " edit dock shortcuts " list . then choose " change shortcut " . after that select " applications " ( the icon with the android in the lower right corner ) from the list . a menu with all your installed apps comes up , and you just have to click on the shortcut you want . in the end you will be asked if you would like to chamge the shortcut icon , between the default , launcher pro or custom icon .
check in settings > accessibility and see if theres an option for the power button to end the call . if there is make sure it is unchecked .
there is an app called holiday alarm disabler . i have not tried it myself , but it has a pretty good rating at androlib . qr code for holiday alarm disabler :
it is also worth mentioning that you can install other launchers such as adw launcher which allows for themes which will completely change the look of the homescreen and icons on it . for instance , this antique cm theme is a theme for adw launcher , as is this red adw theme which as you can see looks very different . you can also download replacement contacts apps as well , so you can hide almost all of touchwiz , whilst still keeping the stock rom and with it , the s-pen apps . i have only recently installed replacement launchers because i was beginning to get frustrated with touchwiz and things like it is lack of rotation . makes me wonder why samsung bother with their own inferior launcher in the first place .
one amazing and very much compatible app is memo beta , free and open source s-pen drawing app : memo is a note taking app designed specifically for galaxy note . roms supported : cm9 ( cyanogenmod 9 ) aokp ( android open kang project ) aosp ( android open source project ) paranoid android some features licensed gplv3 open source s-pen combatible ( including side button and pressure sensitivity ) inport and resize/move images from the camera , gallery , webpage or map two finger zoom and pan for inputting those finer details add typed text to notes share notes using mms , e-mail , facebook , twitter , instagram and more left handed mode useful links . github page google play page xda developers forum thread
my favourite note taking app so far is papyrus you can have infinite length note surface and use two fingers to move around the note and a single finger as an eraser . all drawings are vectors . the quick note taking app that pops up double clicking the pen is really shitty and the editing with polaris office too basic . i still have to do a lot of playing and investigating .
at first , there is a current hardbrick warning and a tool to diagnose this for the galaxy note ( and other samsung devices ) . here 's the galaxy note n7000 cm9 team 's current issue list , it does not mention missing s-pen functionality ( unlike an experimental build #1 ) so i guess it is fixed . the cm9 alpha for n7000 announcement on xda also mentions s-pen beeing worked on . and finally , here 's the cm9 builds for n7000 and a full update guide .
i assume this was just a bug ; this option re-appeared in the " advanced " wi-fi settings after one of the ota updates .
based on this review of the wi-fi capabilities of the htc one x from anandtech it would appear that the option is there . look two-thirds of the way down on the site and see this image :
you can try these instructions from xda : warning ! : this will wipe contacts . it seems acore fc 's when there are corrupted contacts . usually by restoring contacts on an incompatible rom . . . . and will temporarily wipe market list . so backup your contacts ! step by step : make sure sync is off , leave it off for some time ! go into settings select applications select manage applications ( if you are on 2.2 ) select the all tab scroll down until you find contacts storage ( select it ) . wipe data+clear cache ( if available ) hit back scroll down until you find google services framework ( select it ) wipe data+clear cache ( if available ) reboot and enjoy ( optional ) enable sync again enable sync again when your convinced that the error has gone .
i updated my htc chacha over the air ( ota ) to 2.3.5 two days ago . identical issue . keep getting same error whenever i press the green call button or a number to start dialing or attempt to start the " phone " app . i do not have a " contacts " app any more . i believe the issue is in an app called " dialer " because that is what displays when i tell my phone to report the issue to htc . work around : use the favourites ( people ) widget that comes , by default , on the second screen . press the right arrow and you will go to your contacts list . from there you can call your contacts - or add new contacts and call them . note that the phone does receive calls okay . this is an outrageous bug . the software update should never have been pushed . additional issue in 2.3.5: the initial boot up " enter pin " screen is not sized correctly for the chacha - there are some white line dots at the top of that screen - presumably the bottom of the text saying " enter pin " - but all you see is the text input field and the " ok"/"cancel " buttons . also it seems this phone requires a sim pin even when none is set . further - if you type your pin wrong 3 times it does not tell you that it is expecting the puk . i think htc have got serious issues when it comes to software development . i wish cyanogenmod was available for the htc chacha - because it was the only way i could use my htc desire z ( default htc software for that had show-stopping issues , too ) .
clear the cache on your file manager , the browser you used to download the movies , and for the application involved used to play the movies . for each of those applications select the application and clear its cache : settings > applications > manage applications > all ( at the top ) > {application} > clear cache
according to this it runs the first time you boot up ( cyanogenmod ? ) and prompts you for what google apps to install .
extracted from ultrapixel vs megapixel : htc one and iphone 5 camera shoot-out : ultra-pixels : basically the sensor on the htc one features larger pixels for better low light sensitivity and , on paper , better overall camera performance . [ . . . ] we have to understand that ultrapixel is just htcs marketing team saying that the pixels on the htc ones sensor are larger . heres how it works : the sensor on the htc one isnt larger than the sensors on other modern phones : 1/3.2-inch is what htc used in the one and the same size is also present on the iphone 5 , galaxy s iii , or lumia 920 . a larger sensor means having something like the nokia 808 pureview has with its 1/1.2 inch sensor . some other site described that term as " plain market buzz " . more on the term ultrapixel can also be found at wikipedia . megapixel , on the other hand , is a measurement term , describing the resolution of an image  a term used not only for the number of pixels in an image , but also to express the number of image sensor elements of digital cameras or the number of display elements of digital displays .
re-install these official samsung drivers . uninstall current drivers by going into device manager . make sure to check off the delete drivers option if given . reboot . reinstall the given drivers above without connecting the galaxy s4 reboot . go ahead and connect phone and verify that in device manager samsung adb device or equivalent is shown . if it shows an exclamation mark on it or other problem , then in device manager right click on the driver , update , let me choose from a list and choose the correct android adb driver .
yes that is definitely a bug , it is been raised on the support forums . there is a message from google saying they are working on a fix . personally i would really like to see " market " as an option in the sync screen , just like gmail , calendar , contacts etc . . . so we can just turn it off . i recommend you go vote on the issue to give it more visibility .
i do not think so , probably only way to block it would be deleting it : (
what you describe is a bug in the later versions of the android market . i believe it has been acknowledged by google , and they are working on a solution . yes , you can delete the second account . you can normally remove any google account expect for the first one you added . however , you have to remove it completely , not just from the market . so , you will lose access to calendar and contacts etc . from the homes screen , press " menu " , then go to : settings -> accounts and sync choose the account you want to remove , and then choose " remove account "
well , perhaps the launcher from the miui rom will do what you need- it supports folders , there is no app drawer , and you can pinch to zoom out and quickly change home screens . most other 3rd party launchers ( adw , launcher pro , my personal favorite go launcher ex ) do the same things but keep the app drawer .
problem solved . 360 security was crashing with greenify . if you open the main page of 360 security then memory booster on top right hand side there is a ignore list . add greenify to ignore list and you will be ok . it seems greenify and 360 security do the same function and when you run both at same time 360 tries to hibernate greenify which causes this problem .
also , make sure usb debugging is set to off . find it in settings > applications > development
i was having the same issue , download the latest version of kies ( from the samung website ) and then retry . this worked for me
on the same day you were having the problem mentioned on your question , a cnet article was being published covering the reason as to why you have the update option available but can not just wet perform the update . essentially , you will be getting that message while operators are finishing tests to the update package , in order to make sure everything will work properly , as mentioned by simon stanford , vp of samsung telecommunications and networks for samsung uk and ireland , speaking exclusively to cnet uk : galaxy s2 sim-free owners last to get ics , samsung admits additionally , this is covered at vodafone forums , and linked on page 15 .
yesterday i had the " firmware upgrade " button available and working ( begins to download upgrade components etc ) but my internet was playing up , so i tried again today and all of a sudden kies was telling me "'gt-i9100t ' does not support initialisation " ( and upgrade component downloading window did not appear ) . as suggested by sparx , i checked my debugging setting . it was already unchecked , but i found that when i checked it , then unchecked it ( the phone will prompt you to remove usb cable before you can toggle this option ) it restored the " firmware upgrade " button . frustrations which remain : the process began again but stopped half way through , telling me that " phone battery is low , charge phone battery " ( phone was plugged in via usb and charging already from computer ) . when i clicked ok , the process aborted and i am back at the kies screen without a " firmware upgrade " button again ( so will have to toggle the debugging option again - annoying , but faster than rebooting computer and/or phone ) . kies does not tell you the download size - i have dialup broadband with a small bandwidth allowance and cannot afford to be downloading excessive amounts . it would be really helpful if we could discover the sizes of these upgrade downloads . kies re-downloads firmware update process files ( the ones before it starts downloading the actual upgrade files ) each time i attempt to upgrade firmware - even if this was done 1 minute ago . i would think samsung would have the programming prowess by now to cache these files rather than re-download them ( for me , this also relates to issue #2 ) . i hope this helps others .
this is the same situation as my own s2 , i think that option becoming available is simply a bug in the latest kies update . in all probability the android 4.0 update ( i assume ) you are waiting on has not been released for you version of the handset yet .
for comparison i set up a vm of windows xp 32 bit and installed kies , it recognized the firmware without issue ( both an ace2 and a galaxy s3 ) , kies on win 8 64 bit tells me both phones do not support initialization and the firmware cannot be upgraded ( despite repeated re-installs and troubleshooting ) ! ? ! my feeling from reading other posts and the above is kies has problems with 64 bit environments
i am not sure what the process is for it being a vanilla developer phone , but i know many samsung devices can flash a radio package through the recovery mode , to potentially improve signal and speeds . for the nexus , there seems to be plenty of dumps available here to install which might help your signal problems . note however that this is a purely trial-and-error process which can , in some circumstances , cause unforeseen side effects so be careful about it .
it look is like this is a pretty widespread problem . it does not answer my shopping question ( should i return it ) but at least i can say with confidence that it is not just me , so it should get addressed eventually .
i think this will work though i am not sure if this is a virus . . .
you do not necessarily need dlna for that , nor hdmi . wifi and the right app might do as well . take a look at e.g. remote gallery 3d , you cannot only have a slide show on your pc , but even manage your photos remotely . the app runs a web server on your device , which then can be accessed via any web browser ( i.e. . completely os independent ) . only requirement is flash capability . for a presentation , also have a look at youtube . this way you can even take your photo gallery with you when visiting friends or family : no installation on the pc required . so as long as wifi is available , you are fine . the app is free , so it comes without investing any extra money , as requested ; ) alternatively , you could setup a dlna server on your android device ( bubbleupnp would be a good choice for that ) . nex , you would need a client to access it from your mac ( take a look at this wikipedia list to pick one ) . start the server on your android device , then start the client on the mac . the client should automatically find and list your android device , and let you browse your media . what features are offered ( just pick single entries , make a slideshow , have background music played along ) depends on the client chosen . a third variant would be investigating in airplay . as that is apple 's own stuff , your mac should surely support it . there are a bunch or apps supporting airplay you could chose from ; not having a mac , i cannot be of assistance in this area . fazit by iliv : bubbleupnp is a very nice software . i am having a lot of fun trying out various combinations . one thing i learned this morning is that i can use vlc to browse and play all content on my phone : video , music and pictures . video playback intermittently stucks for a split second , very rarely , but it does . that is unfortunate , but i am wondering if it is a vlc or bubbleupnp issue , or maybe it is just that two do not get along well .
in browswer 's setting check if you have made the " plugin load on demand " . if so , try " always load " .
there are multiple solutions to this . google play beta has already be mentioned , but afaik has the ( minor ? ) drawback that users need either to be active in g+ or google groups ( at least the former is a no-go for me , which is why i e.g. do not participate in the current se app beta ) . one alternative would be to have a link to where you host your app , always using the same name ( e . g . my-latest.apk ) . this way you just need to drop them a note whenever you have placed a new version , and they can directly download it to their devices and install . another alternative would be using aptoide , where you could establish your own repository/channel ( they call it " store" ) . there is an app available for your users , which is similar to googleplaystore  which means no notices or manual checking needed , updates are signaled automatically . aptoide ( aka bazaar ) permits public and private stores , so you can chose how open your beta should be . for details , you might want to check with the introductionary video clip .
you might provide them a link ! a link on your website , that would provide them with the . apk file . after downloading , the user would install that file in his android phone . after installing , the previous version is auto-deleted and the new version is installed ! user data is saved . but i have never used the developer tools from google play . so i am not sure , whether the google would mark it as spam or not , because some user try out verify and install instead of package installer . verify and install is a google service to check whether the app is spam or not . so i think , if the user tries verify and install instead of the built-in installer , he might get some errors , saying this signature is not found on google play ! or something like that . but just my guess , if your beta is placed on google play , then they will not show up any errors , as they would find a signature on google play too . hope i am not wrong : because i have never used either verify and install or google play developer tools . so i might be wrong somewhere . but still there is a functionality to install apps , but that also depends whether the user is allowing the installation of unknown apps ( apps which are not downloaded from google play ) .
try calling your service provider . some cell companies lock the phone after failed attempts as a precaution to possible theft .
under application manager , there should be two google play services instances under " running apps " . these instances will also indicate which services are active , and that they were launched by an application .
after further debugging , google play services ' connection was coming across as needing an update in my app 's code . it turns out i had to clear google play service 's cache . once i did that and turned on , it prompted me to install updates . i did that , and now it recognizes it as re-enabled as it should .
this behaviour of rom manager was not intended , and according to the maker of the app , it has been fixed now . the reason for this is the downloading of rom icons when browsing the roms list . somebody had posted a rom as the icon causing it to be downloded in the background . i just ended up deleting the big file with root explorer . i do not know if i should have , or whether it broke anything , but i really needed the space . the article on xda , where this was discussed
the default account is the one that you logged in with first . if this was your apps account and the " remove account " option does not work than on a non-rooted device the only way to remedy this i to perform a factory reset . however the device will still show up on your dashboard , i have devices i stopped using two years ago still there . one other thing to note is that your phone should show up on all accounts that you are logged in with . if it does not , try downloading a free app with that account .
rooting the phone will not change sim-lock settings , they are saved in a separate part of the phone , please see these previous questions for more info on that : where are the sim-lock settings stored on an android phone ? and does unlocking bootloader affect network lock ? you can find more explaining these different terminologies here : what is the difference between : rooting , jailbreak , rom , mod , etc . ?
you could install titanium backup and freeze the supersu app which provides root access on your device . i would not recommend uninstalling it if you do not know how to get it back .
seems like ' line ' is converted to a system app . you can convert it to an user app and uninstall it if you have root permissions by using apps like ' app uninstaller ' . otherwise you can disable it after uninstalling updates . disable button is can be found besides the force stop button . else restore your phone .
the cpu had to be changed to x86 . then it worked . see question comment thread for further details .
questions . are you using the stock app ? will you consider using a replacement app for sms ? if yes , consider gosms pro . contrary to what the name suggests , it is free and backups messages to the sd card .
have a look at slightbackup or ( again ) at lifesaver2: slightbackup on f-droid . org lifesaver2 on f-droid . org some notes on lifesaver2: not the one in google play but the old version ! an older version of lifesaver2 is available on the purely open source f-droid . org repository . permissions for the old version : used to read sms :  read sms or mms [ read_sms ]  receive sms [ receive_sms ]  modify/delete usb storage contents [ write_external_storage ] used to read call logs :  read contact data [ read_contacts ] used to restore call logs and sms :  write contact data [ write_contacts ]  edit sms or mms [ write_sms ] if you are still super paranoid you can use apktool ( an android . apk reverse engineering tool ) to remove the latter two or three permissions listed above from the given . apk . you can also inspect the old code snapshot and build a modified version of it yourself if you want to further suit your needs . some background on why lifesaver2 changed : lifesaver2 is in fact a migration tool that you use to move your call-log/sms'es from the old to a new android phone . you did that by backing stuff on the old up , insert the external sd card into the new phone and use the app again to restore there . newer android devices do not necessarily have an external sd card anymore . it is cumbersome for a big majority of lifesaver2 's users to manually transfer the backup data files , so the author ( which works at google ) decided to backup to the cloud ( google appengine atm . ) instead of the sd card at some point .
" backup to gmail " is an app am using on my s3 ( do not have any other android device to try it on )
if the reason that you are worried about permissions is because you are worried that an app might do something nefarious , why not try an open-source solution ? that way if the program was doing anything bad , developers would know from looking at its source code . sms backup + is an open-source tool . the source is available at https://github.com/jberkel/sms-backup-plus .
as you do not ask to restore them ( just to backup ) : did you take a look at txtarchive sms backup ? yupp , costs a few bucks . but hence it needs no ads , and no internet : read sms/mms , read contactdata ( both are connected -- you surely want to know who wrote the sms ; ) , and store to sd . similarly sms backup and restore pro for about the same price ( 2 euro ) , which also wants to write sms/mms ( to restore them ) , and keep the phone from sleeping while it does the work . oh , plus the requirement mentioned by flow : " read phone state and identity " is also required . -- though the app states android minversion 1.6 ( this requirement was removed with android 2.0 afaik -- for all previous versions it was a " must" ) . simple search for sms backup on the playstore , both on page 1 -- not too hard to find . hope you like them ; )
this is a simple guide , howto fix the emmc bug on cyanogenmod . 1 . at first install rom toolbox . 2 . open rom toolbox and scroll down to scripter and open it . 3 . click on add and make a script named " emmc bug " 4 . put " busybox mount /mnt/emmc /mnt/sdcard/external_sd . " into the command field and save . 5 . press on the created script and check run on boot . 6 . reboot also you can look at this post ( useful )
this is a small bug in cyanogenmod . you can mount /emmc to /sdcard/external_sd by folowing command :  su mount -o bind /mnt/emmc /sdcard/external_sd  you need to install a terminal emulator ( e . g . android terminal emulator ) in your mobile for excuting command . it is 100% working .
yes , there is a privacy setting that will prevent friendcaster from being able to retrieve posts or other info from your friends if they have it enabled . specifically , according to onelouder 's support site : [ i ] t is possible that some of your friends have set their privacy settings to block access to their profile , wall , photos and status updates from third party apps like friendcaster . this setting is found in " account --> privacy settings --> apps and websites " . in info accessible through your friends you can see checkboxes for the items that are available to apps . as an example , if your friend has my photos unchecked here , they wont appear in friendcaster . unfortunately facebook has this restriction in place and unless your friend allows third party apps we can not get around it at this time . if your friends are using that setting , the info will only appear on facebook itself .
cyanogenmod , along with most 1 other custom roms , only include android code with a few google parts - all under-the-hood , of course . they do not include apps such as play store , google now , gmail , etc . these apps are available as a separate package commonly referred to as gapps 2 . so the answer is yes , you may achieve a " de-googled " experience if you opt not to flash the gapps package . 1 there are some instances that custom roms already integrate the google apps , but these are rare . 2 google apps
thanks to this answer to this question is moving apps to sd only available to rooted devices ? . i have discovered the getInstallLocation adb command and set the install location to internal on my un-rooted phone . with the android sdk installed , and my phone connected via usb with usb debugging mode switched on , enter the following commands : adb devices ( check that adb can see my phone , and start necessary services ) adb shell ( connects a shell to the phone ) pm getInstallLocation ( returns 0[auto] ) pm setInstallLocation 1 ( sets the default install location to internal memory ) pm getInstallLocation ( run again to check that it is now set to the correct location , returns 1[internal] ) exit safely remove hardware , unplug phone and all done , without any need for root !
i have not tried it yet myself , but here is an xda thread featuring a program that lets you move any app on or off your sd card and set the installation default to internal , sd or auto . i believe auto is the default .
all you have to do is press and hold the text message you want to delete . you will then be prompted to select more text messages to delete or just delete the one you have selected . if your android version is too old for this let me know and i will emulate your specific version and figure it out for you .
actually the galaxy nexus has had a hardware-backed credential storage since 4.1 . it just is not enabled in production builds . read this for details : http://nelenkov.blogspot.com/2012/07/jelly-bean-hardware-backed-credential.html as this is not officially supported it might take some work to get it running on recent android versions . the reason the driver is not used is that the driver has a power usage bug which cannot be fixed without updating the baseband . so use with caution . cf . this commit message : https://android.googlesource.com/device/samsung/tuna/+/b74801dc22bb4945ddf79b2e12e6328a862d68c3
the " hardware backed credential storage " aka " android key store " is only hardware backed when the hardware on the device has the necessary hardware components in it . when there is not the necessary hardware available it falls back to software storage . android also now supports hardware-backed storage for your keychain credentials , providing more security by making the keys unavailable for extraction . that is , once keys are in a hardware-backed key store ( secure element , tpm , or trustzone ) , they can be used for cryptographic operations but the private key material cannot be exported . even the os kernel cannot access this key material . while not all android-powered devices support storage on hardware , you can check at runtime if hardware-backed storage is available from android 4.3 apis - hardware credential storage . my emphasis . finally , there is an api and even a system settings field that lets you check whether the credential store is hardware-backed ( nexus 4 , nexus 7 ) or software only ( galaxy nexus ) from credential storage enhancements in android 4.3 this a new feature and so it is likely that only newer , higher end devices have the hardware in them . according to that , the galaxy nexus does not have the necessary hardware . the nexus 4 does have full hardware support for this ; as you may now ( sic ) , the nexus 4 is based on qualcomm 's snapdragon s4 pro apq8064 soc . like most recent arm soc 's it is trustzone-enabled and qualcomm implement their secure execution environment ( qsee ) on top of it . from credential storage enhancements in android 4.3 the arm trustzone technology is analogous to the tpm hardware used on intel x86 pc compatible hardware to provide a hardware secure credential storage area . and just like tpm when it was first introduced is taking a while to trickle into all new phones . so , in the case of the nexus 4 , the ' hardware ' is simply the arm soc . are other implementations possible ? theoretically , a hardware-backed keymaster implementation does not need to be based on trustzone . any dedicated device that can generate and store keys securely can be used , the usual suspects being embedded secure elements ( se ) and tpms . however , there are no mainstream android devices with dedicated tpms and recent flagship devices have began shipping without embedded ses from credential storage enhancements in android 4.3 so , no , the galaxy nexus is not capable of enabling hardware backed credential storage , because it does not have the necessary hardware in it .
my google music 5.3.1317m . 940995 running on a nexus 4 with cm11 stores the mp3 files under /data/data/com.google.android.music/files/music you need root to access that directory . a older version of google music on a galaxy s stored it on the sd card . and , as i read in the official changelog , google music 5 . x seems to be able to use the sd card as storage too . which makes sense for devices with low internal storage space ( /data/data ) .
if you have a lot of patience and a little bit of *unix wisdom this should not too hard for you . just open up a shell or connect using adb and try : become root : su  search for the song : find / -name "*.mp3" 
the issue of course is that it is root issue , if you are not rooted it is hidden from view . the best way around it that i currently know is via the pc . download and install the listen app for your pc , then you can download the music you have bought from the play store , and you can use the standard explorer to transfer to your music folder . which is how i deal with it and am able to use my preferred music player . only resort to listen when i want to listen to an album i have not downloaded .
basically android application package file ( * . apk ) file is created after the app code is ready to publish , this file is created after compilation and building and from dalvik conversion process , this file contains all of the resources i.e. your images , audio , layouts , classes , and as far as windows concern the .netframework and linux framework both works in different manner . . . if you want to replace only certain code of the you can do so in android but for security you need to sign that app again . . what dalvik do is irreversible process , so if new function is added how the old version will access it without knowing it ? ? that is why it requires to update whole app so that it can work and function properly . .
as far as i know it does download just the updates ( referred to as the " delta" ) on jellybean 4.1 and above . obviously the initial install is the full app but updates only download the data that has changed from the current installed version ( i.e. . the " delta " of it ) . you will not see anything different when updating most app , it will still look like it is downloading the full app but on some larger apps you will see if ' jump ' parts of the download which indicates that it is just getting the delta . engadget and androidcentral both have articles indicating that the play store does provide delta updates
as an android developer i thought the same thing , it was frustrating to say the least because one time i forgot to change one line of code , and it went out with that one line wrong , which caused the app to spit out log statements left and right . this question has been asked on so , but it is also on-topic here and i think this question should stay . so question : stackexchange-url as an android developer , my guess would have to be the way the software is packaged . every android app gets packed into a compressed file called an .apk . this file holds all of the code , layout files and images used to make the app function . it is kind of hard to update just part of a file , especially when it is compressed and if the developer has security features enabled like proguard , it would be next to impossible to implement a patch . i am sure google also had some security reasons for not allowing patches . code patches tend to leave unanticipated security holes and vulnerabilities .
i fixed mine right now . using odin , load the original image of your phone from the exact provider in pda . now , it is like brand new . p.s. you have to unrar the image file , or odin will not see it . after you unrar , it should have a md5 file .
have you tried to reboot to the bootloader ? you can do so using adb reboot bootloader . from there , you can flash boot.img and system.img . look at fastboot options .
this page has a couple of benchmarks that compare not only a nexus one running 2.2 vs . one running 2.1 , but also includes iphones and the ipad . in both cases , the nexus one running 2.2 outperforms the 2.1 version by over 2x .
google claims performance improvements of 4x to 5x over previous versions no they did not claim such , what they claimed is that jit compiler can give 4x to 5x improvement on compute-bound process ( cpu-bound process ; processes doing heavy computations ) . if you are scrolling on a long contact list , browsing web or gallery , etc you are more likely to be i/o bound by slow network or slow disk rather than cpu-bound , and jit only helps very little in those cases . outside of benchmarks and games , it is in fact very rare for applications to be cpu-bound .
ogg is supported by default . supported media formats
as for now i consider the stock sms/mms app a leftover on tablet devices without an gsm/umts module . i serves no purpose on such devices .
you can download an app such as textplus from the market for free and then send mms and sms from that app . i am not sure what app you are talking about since i do not have a thinkpad tablet but i know that you can use textplus .
another app/service to try would be google voice . you can get a phone number and send/receive sms ( and voicemail ) . this may only work ( or work well in the us , though ) .
is the account you are using listed in Settings | Accounts &amp; sync ? if so , you should be able to select the account then choose Menu | Sync now .
if you go into the mail client , go into the mailbox you want to check the mail for , then press menu while you are looking at the inbox , there should be a refresh option on the menu bar . that definitely seemed to go back to the server and check for new mail when i tried it with the hotmail account i have got set up in there just now , as it found the message i would sent a minute before .
apparently it is better known as ophone and started as a fork from the original android project , before google bought it . it looks to be mostly developed and supported by china mobile , although there are rumors they might shut down the project . ophone 3.0 is expected in q1 2012 .
the problem , in my experience , is that the vanilla android ui does not give enough access to all the wifi capabilities that the device possesses . what i have done on my devices in the past , in situations where i needed to connect to an enterprise wifi is to remote into the device and change the wpa_supplicant.conf file manually . to do this though you will need root access on the device . the steps are as follows : make sure that you have the device connected to the computer and turn development mode on , with your device driver installed . you can find some of them on google 's page . you will need to have android-developer-bridge at hand , which comes with the android-sdk . you can get that here . in a terminal of your choice run the adb . exe file from the sdk with the following command : adb.exe devices . this will give you a print out of the devices that were detected . if not , check the steps above . now you will need to pull the wpa_supplicant file to your computer 's filesystem for modification , or you could do it through the terminal itself . run adb.exe pull /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf &lt;The path you want to put the file on your computer&gt; . open up the file and modify it by adding a block with the following format ( //is a comment and should not be placed in the document ) . you will need to get the correct information from your network administrator : save the file , turn off your phone 's wifi , and run adb.exe push &lt;Path of the file on your filesystem&gt; /data/misc/wifi now run adb.exe shell , and execute chown system.wifi /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf turn the phone 's wifi back on , and hopefully this worked . another option is to try to use some of the wifi management apps you can get on the play market , but in my experience they have not worked all that well . hope this helps you in some way . -mrdresden
this is actually an important question , and far better to ask now than try it and be stuck with a blank screen ! android roms are specific to the device . this is why cyanogenmod and others have the specific device model and code name on them . even in cases where the deveice looks and feels the same and has the same name e.g. samsung galaxy s4: gt-i9505 gt-i9500 they both run android 4.4 now , and they look and to all user purposes are the same device . under the hood there are differences , and no rom will be compatible between the two . i had used the google edition s4 as my example as roms were not compatible between two devices with exactly the same hardware , but work arounds are being found . the general rule is : if your device is not specifically listed do not install the rom ! in your case here i am sure it will brick the device as there is different hardware ( buttons etc ) , a different model code , and a different partition structure .
i am almost certain that you have to download the rom for the exact device you are using . i tried to download the root file for another model of my galaxy s4 ( at and t ) not realizing that my version was different ( t mobile ) and ended up bricking my phone . so it applies to roms as well . find the exact model of your phone . i also had to go to " about device " and match the baseband versions .
having cwm installed will not prevent your phone from noticing that an update is available , but it may prevent the update from installing in the usual automated fashion . the update process actually works by creating a special file with a " script " for the recovery to run , then rebooting to recovery ; cwm will just show its menu instead of running the script . it may be possible to apply the upgrade through cwm as an ordinary update zip , but if you want to make sure the process is seamless , it would be a good idea to flash back to the stock recovery before installing the update . btw , the jro03o update for the galaxy nexus removes the automatic stock recovery flash that you linked to . you no longer have to do anything special to keep cwm installed when running stock .
you can also set the suid bit on your ' sh ' . i am using busybox so instructions may not match your setup : adb shell su mount -o remount , rw /system ( or : adb remount ) ls -la /system/bin/sh lrwxr-xr-x root shell 2012-11-10 15:20 sh -> mksh chmod 4755 /system/bin/sh ls -la /system/bin/mksh -rwsr-xr-x root shell 157520 2012-11-10 09:54 mksh ( notice the suid bit is set ) ^d adb shell and you should have the root prompt
what are you trying to run as root for ? you are saying that you want to run adb shell with root but you do not want to use adb shell ? can you clarify ? if the application requests for root access , then the superuser application on your phone should handle giving it permission or not . the process in which you rooted your phone should have included a superuser application .
if i am understanding your question correctly , you are asking how to get root access automatically when you run adb shell , so that you do not have to go into the shell and type su to execute a command as root on your phone . this is controlled by a flag in your boot partition , which most custom roms have modified to allow root permission by default . if you get dropped to a $ when you use adb shell then you have two permanent options and one temporary one ( temporary meaning that it does not stick if you reboot ) : flash a rom that includes the modification create a custom boot . img and flash it to your phone restart adbd on your device with root permissions number 2 is actually not that difficult , but it can be somewhat dangerous if you are careless . there is a wiki article here which explains the process and includes a couple of perl scripts to help you . these instructions assume a linux/unix environment . i have personally used these instructions on fedora linux and can tell you that they work , but i do not know about other *nix environments like macs . i also do not know of any similar windows instructions , but i could try to track some down if you are on windows . the exact commands will vary somewhat from phone to phone since different devices use different partition tables . generally speaking , though , you need to pull your current boot . img from your phone , unpack it , extract the ramdisk , and find the default . prop file . this is a plaintext file , which you need to open in a text editor and then find the line that contains the value ro.secure . if the line says ro.secure=1 then you need to change it to ro.secure=0 . after that you can re-pack the ramdisk and boot . img , then flash it to your phone . once you reboot , you will be greeted with a # prompt whenever you perform adb shell without having to run su . alternatively , if you are using a custom rom but it does not have this modification , you can just unzip the rom and modify the boot . img that is included with it using the above steps . then you can zip up the rom with the newly modified boot . img and flash the zip file as you normally would . this probably goes without saying , but be careful when doing this . messing with your boot partition can quite easily wreck your phone and force you to recover via hboot . i would highly recommend testing fastboot to makes sure you can use extended fastboot commands and perform a recovery . this varies a bit based on your model , but most phones have some sort of desktop software that can be run to reflash the phone as well . the third option is that in many cases it may be possible to restart adbd on your device with root privileges . one possibility is to execute adb root from a pc terminal , although this will not work on all rom configurations ( the rom must be built as a " userdebug " one ) . you can also try chainfire 's adbd insecure app . this will not persist across a reboot , so you would need to use either the app or adb root again any time you restarted your phone .
well if you phone is rooted you can run commands with the " su -c " command . here is an example of a cat command on the build . prop file to get a phones product information . adb shell "su -c 'cat /system/build.prop |grep "product"'"  this invokes root permission and runs the command inside the ' ' notice the 5 end quotes , that is required that you close all your end quotes or you will get an error . for clarification the format is like this . adb shell "su -c '[your command goes here]'"  make sure you enter the command exactly the way that you normally would when running it in shell . give it a try , hope this helps .
simply install adbd insecure .
as an alternative , you could write your script on the phone and simply have adb execute it , for example : adb shell sh /sdcard/myscript.sh  the script can elevate itself without your intervention ( assuming superuser is set to remember the approval ) , for example : su pm setInstallLocation 1  i just did this on my phone with success , the only problem being that i have not quite figured out how to cleanly end the adb shell session . i have to ctrl-c in my windows shell to return to the windows command prompt -- otherwise adb just sits at the # prompt and does not accept input .
i also faced the same issue with the stock alarm . stock alarm was not able to recognize the sd card songs . i vaguely remembered the solution . couple of restarts and removing the sd card from the phone and plugging it again solved the issue fro me . but now i installed alarm klock which has the option to see all the songs on sd card by author and album wise . it has vibrating feature which does not there in stock alarm .
there are a number of apps that will let you set pretty much any sound file ( mp3 , ogg vorbis , etc ) as a ringtone or notification sound . tone picker is just one example .
recent versions of cryptonite include an actual port of the truecrypt code to android . the following restrictions apply at this time : no gui - command-line access only . requires fuse . most cyanogenmod roms except of motorola builds support fuse . requires root . only works with local volumes . no cloud storage support . it is available on google play as well . to get started , select the " expert " tab , click " start root terminal " , then use truecrypt from the command line .
a lot of people are asking that question . here 's one . some people are offering bounties . like at xda-developers . some people have suggested alternatives . axcrypt looks like an alternative , and there is an alpha product that works with it ( and dropbox ) called boxcryptor . but i have not found an actual port of truecrypt to android , nor any information about plans to do so .
i am using dropbox and it works fine for me . when you click on a file to see it , dropbox downloads the content probably in a temp file and it will launch in the right viewer . if you long click an item and select download it will put the file in its own folder on the sd card ( sdcard/dropbox ) and the file will be available to a file manager such as astro . if it is not already visible from the gallery application , you can add it by moving the file to the right folder . i know you already used dropbox but i would definitely give it another try .
if you install pelyas xsdl server from google play , you can use x11 aplications . in gnuroot type : apt-get install xfce4 it will install the xfce4 desktop environment and xorg with some utilities . and after several minutes of packages downloading and making configurations , start xsdl and set your favorite display resolution and zoom , and then type in gnuroot : display=127.0.0.1:0.0 startxfce4 switching to xsdl app , the xfce4 starts and you can now use the graphical interface . i found this solution at : http://www.r-ohjelmointi.org/?p=1434 some other things : * change font size as in ordinary gnome . * moving a flat finger is same as click and drag , for resizing etc . * i have to press the back button on the pad to get the screen keyboard displayed . this overlays lower part of x window though . * no terminal emulators seem to work properly . however , gnuroot can be used for that . * applications like gnu planner , gretl and gnu cash work without problems .
i am afraid there is no real protection possible , for multiple reasons : as you stated , all apps can read everywhere on the sdcard . this does not require any special permission apps with the INTERNET permission are not restricted in using the network in any way -- they even can create their own sockets and implement their own ways of communication while using an encrypted container would look promising on a first look , the camera app could not access this container either when it is not opened -- and if the container is opened , other apps could access it as well . so even using such a container and have it replacing /sdcard/DCIM does not work for your purpose summed up : if you want that level of protection , you either . . . cannot use any app requiring the INTERNET permission ( no way for that , as several of them already come pre-installed with your device ) need to root your device and set up a firewall forbidding all apps to access the internet ( which , outside the eu , would void your warranty ) need to have mobile-data as well as wifi disabled all the time , and never connect your device to any network as none of the above is really practicable , you need to compromise : when selecting the apps you want to install/use , check beforehand how trustworthy they are -- and keep your fingers away from " suspicious apps " as well as " suspicious sources " . as long as you are only concerned about the photos you take : if you find a camera app which can use an encrypted container solely by itself , this might be a way to go ( i never heard of such , but it would be possible to create it , so it might exist ) . another possible thing would be a " container app " that lets you specify which apps are permitted to access it . but keep in mind that your gallery app ( which you use to view the photos ) most likely will have the INTERNET permission as well . . . edit : as compro01 pointed out in his comment below , with android 4.1 and up you can add some protection by enabling the " protect sd card " item in the developer options . if that is activated , apps ( including your camera app ) need to have the READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE respective WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE permission to access the sdcard . moreover , perennialpinmpel found an app named informacam : informacam , part of the securesmartcam suite of mobile apps , is a tool that allows users to embed expansive metadata into video or still images ; encrypt media to trusted destinations using pgp ; and securely upload media to trusted destinations who are capable of accepting informacam media . unfortunately , neither that app nor the full suite is available on google play currently . i also could not find an .apk on the mentioned site , so one would have to clone its git repository , and compile the app .
dragging an app shortcut from the home screen into the little bin simply deletes the shortcut , not the app . you can recreate the shortcut this way : find the app in the app drawer ( that is , the list of all apps ) hold your finger on the app to pick it up the screen will change to the home screen drop the app where you want on the home screen . you can move to the next screen by dragging to the edge of the screen . on the other hand , if you drag the app icon from the app drawer to the bin , it will completely uninstall the app . it checks first , with the dialog , " do you want to uninstall this app ? " if you answer ok to that dialog , then the app is completely removed , and you can only get it back by installing it again in the usual way .
i guess there is some trouble in your conception : connectbot is an ssh client , while windows does not ship with an ssh server pre-installed . so unless you have installed some ssh server there yourself ( details on that part are beyond the scope of this site ) , you will not have much luck connecting . you did not exactly write what you want to achieve , but there are different solution to connect your android device to control your pc . as shipped , windows supports the remote desktop protocol ( aka rdp ) , for which several android clients exist . the page behind this link lists up some of them . other than with connectbot , this will be in graphical mode , not command-line . a general solution ( valid for other oses as well ) could also be using vnc . again , this would require a server software to be installed on your pc , a corresponding client app on your android device ( also to be found on the mentioned list ) , and it would be in graphical mode .
an easy solution is to use teamviewer : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.teamviewer.teamviewer.market.mobile easy to setup if you want a quick working solution . plus it works with mac/windows/linux .
this has been resolved in android 4.1 , a.k.a. " jelly bean " . now google voice prompt appears instantly no matter how it is triggered . since the google voice app has not changed , my original thinking that it is the app 's fault was incorrect . still no idea what is causing it on earlier os versions .
it is quite possible you accidentally shorted out a circuit or otherwise damaged some part ( ribbon cable , connector , etc . ) while disassembling or re-assembling your phone . the " power supply " line the tech fed you is probably just that , something they said to avoid going into too much technical detail . it is unlikely that they will bother with figuring out which exact part is fried , and will probably opt for replacing the phone 's whole main board instead . be mindful of the price they quote you , because these days you can get a used nexus one for the price close to what some parts retailers charge for a replacement motherboard .
power supply is actually a term with some actual , albeit generic , significance and meaning . in handsets , the power supply is probably ( i am not an electrical engineer , or expert on device hardware ) a component that regulates the power supplied to the device ( keeping the voltage constant , for one thing ) , and manages the physical charging/discharging of the battery . as far as what could have damaged it , it could be anything from dropping/shaking the device if there is a loose connection , to a short caused by water , to overheating . unless you can find a connection that got loose , and the power supply is indeed fried , you will need to get it repaired . if you think there might have been any water damage , put the phone in rice for a day or three , it will dry out most liquid that may be in the device , and it might just work .
first , you need to be aware of two facts : android uses more than one file system ( think of " multiple drives/partitions " when comparing with your computer while sharing a common base , directory structures might differ between manufacturers so as starting points , i further recommend the file-system tag-wiki and the partition tag-wiki ( you might also want to take a look at the most frequented questions using those tags ) . in my answer , i will concentrate on the mentioned " common base " . however , there still might be deviations made by some manufacturers . partitions as said , android makes use of multiple partitions . in the file system , they are represented by " directories " , which serve as their mount-points :  details below  virtual file systems  these might differ . often , /mnt/sdcard is the internal sdcard , while the external sdcard is found in /mnd/sdcard/external_sd . above list is far from being complete , but should hold the most important partitions . directories here i again will concentrate of the partitions which are most interesting ( or this answer would get far to long and , for most readers , boring . /data and /data/data these are in most cases two separate partitions , but there might be cases where this is handled otherwise . one thing they have in common ( add /cache here as well ) : they get wiped on a factory-reset , while the other partitions are usually left untouched by that . as for the directories contained , i will again concentrate on a selection ; most things here you either cannot touch without having your device rooted .  for details on the dalvik cache , see : dalvik  each app gets its own data directory assigned here , using the app 's package name . there might be a similar directory on your sdcard , mostly used by apps with larger amounts of data .  usually , files are stored here temporarily to be installed/executed . google play e.g. downloads .apk files to this directory , before installing the downloaded app on your device of course , i intentionally skipped several directories . if you really want to go into details , this site might not be the best fitting place ( as we deal with end-user questions -- and end-users normally do not touch these things ) . in that case , several places/ressources might be recommended : xda developers good technical books on android ( there is e.g. andrew hoogs android forensics and mobile security , which goes much deeper into details here ) where can i ask questions that are not android enthusiast questions ?
as i have read in different places : freezing apps does not necessarily mean their services will not be running anymore . it seems even frozen apps are able to react on broadcasts , so freezing alone will not solve the issue . reference : if the app you freeze is sending the intent , then no the intent will no longer happen . but if the app is receiving intents , then yes it should still receive them . ( ase ) the solution would be to use an app like e.g. autorun manager pro ( yes , the pro -- the free version is limited here ) to disable separate listeners , so the corresponding services will no longer be started . a free alternative might be autostart manager which i have not tested myself : autorun manager / autostart manager ( click image to enlarge ) having disabled the corresponding listener , the app ( frozen or not ) should no longer receive the broadcast for the event it usually reacts on , so it will no longer start on that event , and thus no longer be running -- unless started manually .
use titanium backup ( or similar software ) to freeze or uninstall the services/apps you do not want to use . be careful since you might break the system if some needed apps/services are not found .
while i am not intimately familiar with sprint 's 4g or your phone ( sorry ) i have found in my own cdma troubleshooting that the built in htc diagnostic tools can be very useful . i found this guide over at xda as one of the better lists of sprint cdma diag codes ( even though it is not for your phone specifically ) . i recommend trying ##33284# or ##3282# , one of these should bring up a utility that lists very specific information about your cellular network connection .
see if cell phone coverage map by rootmetrics is useful to you . it tests your connection and shows db level and upload and download speeds . plus it shows the cumulative data for the area based on yours and other users ' tests along with comparisons to other carriers .
your htc desire is definitely has a malfunction . try to reboot . as a workaround , you can try to configure to do nothing if usb cable is connected . search for option in menu => settings or from notification when connected to pc .
strange . i have an ht desire running 2.2 and do not have that problem . it might be the cable of the charger that is incorrectly registering as being a usb connection ( faulty , cheap knockoff that is incorrectly wired ? ) try another charger . blackberrys also use micro usb so ask a buddy to use their charger
interesting , never had that happen to me . if you can , try what pufferfish suggested - recharge with a different charger/cable ( maybe ask around at work ? ) or if that is not convenient possibly try taking out the sd-card and putting it back in ? i have had my sd-card randomly unmount itself once and re-inserting it seemed to have fixed it .
try another sd card ? maybe the problem is voltage stability . . .
i have similar problem , on reading this thread i checked on the proximity sensor on the techno f7 and discovered it was somewhat blocked , i cleaned the blockade and everything went fine . the proximity sensor is located at the right of the speaker it is a small oblong shaped spot .
disclaimer : i have a samsung galaxy s4 just giving this a shot in case it works . are you using the stock phone app ? maybe you have the Turn off screen during calls checked .
according to google+ community comments from multiple people , chrome beta browser has this effect . uninstall chrome beta and begin using normal chrome to fix it .
go to Settings -&gt; About phone menu and scroll all the way to the bottom : tap the " selinux status " menu 3 times in a row in a quick succession . this will bring up a prompt asking you to confirm enabling the other modes : be aware that currently this feature is still under heavy development , and is not supported on all devices yet .
it might take a minute or five , but certainly not an hour . but i know what happened to you as it happened to me too when i flashed my first rom . keeping it short : the ever-looping boot animation you are seeing is silently saying that you forgot to clean the caches after you have flashed your cyanogenmod rom . to fix that , do : reboot into clockworkmod . whipe the " dalvik cache " . optionally , while the " cache " . reboot into cyanogenmod . most of the time , it is simple an unwhiped " dalvik cache " messing things up . yet , in the unlikely case that should not fix it ( for example - when you were not running a previous cyanogenmod rom before you flashed your current one ) , you will have to do a " factory reset " too . but 1-4 should get you going , so i would not factory-reset it on the first attempt . ; )
while not the easiest way around the problem , it is possible to do this using tasker . this is a program that allows you to script various things within android ( e . g . i have it set to turn off the keyguard when i connect to my home ssid . ) the following profile for detecting wi-fi signal is quoted from this thread : profile : low wifi ( 1 ) i have never personally done anything that complicated with the wi-fi , but the profiles i have set around ssid work like a charm .
if you download a book from the playstore in us , uk , canada or australia , then you go back to your country , you will still have the book , but will not be able to download anymore .
google play books is available in the us , uk , canada and australia . you can find this information on the google play help page , and it has also been noted on the @googlebooks twitter account .
it simply does not seem possible . on android , pictures are shown in imageview components , and this component does not support displaying gifs . on most android versions , you can not do it . maybe a custom contacts app can have the capability .
another thing to consider : in reality all batteries are slightly different ( even in the same batch of the same manufacturer/model ) so most phones keep self-calibrating the battery over and over in order to get more precise battery property readings . so depending on how this recalibration feature is implemented in the specific phone , replacing the battery might result in non-calibrated ( all calabration data being reset ) or incorrectly calibrated ( wrong battery 's calibration data being used ) battery . in the worst case scenario it could mean that the remaining battery charge indicator is like 20% off . . . but there is no harm to the phone itself ( besides already mentioned extra wear for the case/back cover/etc )
it is okay to use another battery as a backup . but if you switch the batteries frequently , you may end up with damaging your phone . even though the chance for this a very low , it is still a chance . when you change the battery frequently , you have to turn on and off the device . when you do this , the inserted battery spends power to start and turn-off your phone which is more of an unnecessary power waste . as a side effect , your phone covers may be at the risk of loosening , as a result of frequent use . other than that , there is nothing wrong with the use of two batteries with your device . instead of changing them frequently , you can switch batteries after using it for a certain period . ( e . g . a week ) your backup battery will always be with you holding a full charge for a week . see the battery tag for more info on battery usage tips .
this is because the command you used to invoke heimdall was , heimdall flash --recovery and , heimdall is caps sensitive , try this instead . heimdall flash --recovery . /clockworkmod_6.0.3.2_jfltespr . img --no-reboot
my partition was not called recovery but " sos " . you can check it by doing : heimdall print-pit --verbose from a terminal while the tab is in download mode . i flashed my p7510 . gist : https://gist.github.com/pskiden/6311605
i have a similar setup with ipod classic ( 160 gb ) and asus transformer tf300t . i have yet to find a direct method to connect ipod to the tablet and sync via an app . as of now , the only way is via a computer . if you want to go the pc way , you can use isyncr for pc and sync playlists . isyncr also has an app for mac . however , i am not sure of pictures being synced via isyncr . another option is to export all the music via programs like floola to your computer and later transfer to the tablet .
to directly answer your question : no , this modification will not harm your device . to elaborate : you did not overclock your device ( that is why i said it was safe ) . you raised the minimum frequency . what you see in set cpu is the scaling range . for any given moment your device decides which frequency it needs to do what it is doing . for example when only reading and not scrolling it needs only 200 mhz to basically wait for further input . this is done for better battery life . when actively loading pages the device will automatically increase the operating frequency up to the limit of your scaling range . this increases performance , but is worse for battery . in both of your cases the maximum scaling frequency is 1600 mhz . you told the device to save less power when idling , but kept the maximum " speed " the same . overclocking on android is done by raising the scaling range maximum value above the default . for example a very small and usually ok overclock for your device would be to set the scaling range to 200mhz to 1700mhz . this modification however can harm your device , but not very likely . it also often requires custom kernels to be flashed . when things go wrong with overclocking you can see random reboots and freezes , and almost never any permanent damage to the device . i suggest you try to read more about this topic on sites like xda-developers , before doing anything else with the device .
no , the application is still available for users who installed the play and only store can not be reinstalled . by play store if you put back the google play , users can download and install it again . but never , under policies of google , an apk can / will be deleted from the device remotely by google / application owner but we had a case in the past , about a malicious app that was removed remotely without trace , all done and confirmed by google itself
not a quick solution , but this does always force a reload of all resources from the server ( though the server itself may cache pages depending on your output cache settings there ) : menu button settings clear cache press ok , exit the settings menu reload via the menu bar reload button ** ( steps from android 2.3 ; others are similar )
download inbrowser : https://market.android.com/details?id=nu.tommie.inbrowser it does not save any data so there is nothing to cache ; there is also no need to root . it uses the android browser to render so for testing purposes , it should be identical to the android browser .
load the stylesheet in another tab directly with its url and refresh it . if you see the changes reflected there then it'll also change the cached version that loads when you refresh your webpage . this works in dolphin too . i also found that if you plug in a keyboard , you can press shift and reload just like on desktop . but i prefer to see the changes as above just to be sure . . .
i found that switching to " desktop view " and back effectively reloaded . menu button desktop view [ checkbox ] this reloads once , then uncheck the checkbox and the view is updated !
another solution would be to install chrome for android ( it supports 2.2 ) and then enable remote debugging in chrome . you could then refresh the window from the console by issuing the following command . window.location.reload(true)  for more information about this command .
i have noticed that if i refresh over wifi it'll completely refresh , but if i refresh over cellular it will not . this with both the android native browser and opera mobile . on an lg thrill with android 2.2.2 . maybe it'll work for you .
on my samsung galaxy s2 i can do a force f5 refresh like this : Start default browser Press menu button Click 'More' Click 'Settings' Clear Cache, Clear History, Clear all Cookie Data.  then stop and restart the browser .
if you are rooted , you could install cyanogenmod this comes with an incognito mode which should not cache sites to your phone . another imperfect solution if you are not rooted is to go into your browser , in the address bar type ' about:debug ' then hit ' go ' . then in settings drop the cache size down to minimum which is 100kb .
on the tasker homepage there is a section called " plans " where the developers outline future ideas that they might incorporate into the product : http://tasker.dinglisch.net/todo.html also listed on this page are those two lines : actions/tasks : vpn ( dis/re ) connect events/states : vpn connected so it is not included yet but it might be at some point in the future . again citing from the page : this is an informal list of features under consideration for tasker .
android 4.3 which has been just announced comes with multi-user with restricted profiles feature which allows the tablet owner to have granular control over the other user accounts on the device . and you can also control other aspects of the device : mature content filtering , access to games and user-generated content , and even specific applications
there might be an issue with the wifi channels enabled on your phone , i am unable to find this setting on kitkat i have no clue why ! maybe i just dont remember how to get there , go on to your router settings page and see the channel being used . change it and i think that would fix the issue .
sometimes i face this problem and i found out a working solution , you can try it if you have this problem too : goto your modem panel goto wireless setting change ssid to something else turn off your mobile wifi and turn it on again you will see the new accesspoint name in your wifi list test it if you are ok with the new name , our work is finished if you want old name because of your other devises work with that name goto panel and change the ssid to old one turn wifi off and on you may see the old wifi name is on the top of the list and it may work ( in my case wifi works again with old name ) good luck
this question thread has been very helpful -- i too developed the same problem , which started after 2 events : being away from my home for 2 months , and also receiving the latest android 4 updates ( over-the-air ) -- across 3 android devices : my htc one , my nexus 7 , and an alcatel fierce . all have android 4+ after hours inside the router 's setup panel , testing , i solved it with your help , izzy . but it was not the channel . . . it was the ghz setting ! the home router was set for 5ghz . everything always worked fine , until the latest android updates . now , none will work ; all give the same famous message : not in range . this is absolutely erroneous , since all pcs/macs in the house could use the wifi network just fine . ( i will not even mention the brand of router since it does not matter . ) to solve the problem , i tried eliminating most variables , in both the router and the android devices : ssid on/off -- did not matter ; not in range ; channel changing -- no effect ; still not in range ; restarting router and phones and tablets -- no luck ; toggling wifi optimizations/power saving/dhcp-vs-static -- no luck what did work was changing the broadcast channel from 5ghz back to the more crowded 2.4 ghz . success . and rats , i would rather be using the 5ghz . so i conclude that this is an android 4+ software bug . ( phone hardware , you think ? how could all three devices have a problem with 5ghz , when they all worked fine before on this same network , before joining other networks fine ? ) there is something wrong with the software such that once they join a 5ghz wifi network , then connect later to another network ( cafe hotspot , other network , etc . ) , they lose the ability to " see " the network they first connected to .
summing up from the comments : there are several things which could be tried : switching to a different wifi channel ( as suggested by aadi already ) shortly switch to airplane mode and back reboot the device wait it out ( i had a similar case where it automatically solved after 30+ minutes , but the airplane trick did not help ) factory-reset the device ( unlikely in your case with just a fresh device , but might be helpful in other cases ) if none of the above helps , and your device is still under warranty , contact the service  as it is most likely an issue with the radio unit ( or the radio-firmware ) , or some of the " drivers " . they either have you send in the device for repair/exchange , or offer you . . . a radio image to flash , which should fix any issues in the radio firmware a rom update to flash if you are no longer have warranty , or do not care , you might find yourself such a fitting image . sometimes , simply updating the device-firmware ( flashing a new rom ) may solve that as well . please see where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ? for possible sources .
just received my brand new nexus5 on friday . . and it does not work with my wifi ! the solution is to set a static ip instead of dhcp . it is working for me now .
it is quite an easy task . see the source of the inputdevices system package . or get the ready to use polish programmers external keyboard layout plugin from there : https://sites.google.com/site/polishhardwarekbd/ you will find the app source there as well . regards .
i am interested in this too . however , as a temporary fix i found that the soft keyboard you have selected seems to affect the way a bluetooth keyboard functions . for example : i usually use go ! keyboard . while i have this selected my shift key is a latch ( double press for shift-lock ) and ctrl-c and ctrl-v do not function . however , when i switch to hacker 's keyboard , shift requires me to hold it down and ctrl-c , -v and -a all work as they would on a pc . what i would really like to do is edit the way the fn- functions or some of the iphone of mac keys work to attatch them to my back , recents and menu buttons . this must be possible because one of the keys already works as ' home . '
winamp supports replaygain in its desktop versions , so the android version might also support it ( i am not positive , but it seems reasonable ) . it definitely does support scrobbling , though i have not used it myself . you could give that a try and see if it fits your needs .
deadbeef supports replaygain and many file formats . also has a nice interface , but its integration with the standard music library is not as good . still , well worth a try .
have you tried google 's quickoffice ? it detects numbers ( and underlining them ) , and lets you click the number to open the dialer with that number .
i tried to format /sdcard/ via the recovery , but it would do nothing , contrary to what it logs . so finally i have formatted it via newfs_msdos ( /system/ needs to be mounted , the command is located at /system/bin/newfs_msdos ) : and then my sdcard was fine , i could write on it and use it via usb . i guess it was somewhat corrupted .
you should try this command to remount as rw : remount -o remount,rw /mnt/sdcard 
have you tried switching off " location sharing " ? it is under " privacy settings " in settings menu . read more here
according to the developer 's documentation , wifi signal strength is not accounted for : the power states we have considered in the power model includes : . . . - wifi : uplink channel rate , uplink data rate and packets transmitted per second . they have a link to a study performed by the university of michigan ( who is , as best i can tell , also connected to this app 's development ) that looks to go much more in depth into their thoughts on the matter , should you be interested . i do not have any better recommendations for you as far as apps go . has the standard android battery usage information not been helpful ? i imagine if you set up a test scenario where you send a continuous steam of data over wifi for an hour , then change the distance from the device to the wap ( i.e. . changing signal strength ) and repeat the process , you might be able to see a difference in the battery usage attributed to wifi .
jabiru project has " legacy ssl " option .
the free app screebl lite will fix this problem with phone calls . however , it creates another annoying problem after installation - the screen will not shut off or standby without you physically tapping the phone 's power button . tested on a samsung galaxy proclaim , running android 2.3.6 gingerbread .
yeah , just hit the power button . your call will not terminate . it may have been meant to be intuitive , to save juice . i use speaker a lot , and need to hit the power button to end a call .
you can also press the menu button and then " notifications " to pull down the notification screen . it will not be shorter but you will not risk pressing the shortcuts on the top of the screen . and on some phone when holding it with one hand it is easier to use the menu button than to reach the top of the screen .
you should not need to long tap the notification bar , just tap and swipe down .
to answer your questions , yes - there is an app that will allow you to invoke the notification panel : exsbar allows you to assign the long-press search button or long-press camera button to this function . whether or not this is " an easier way " depends on you , the end-user . :- )
maybe the mp4 file contains video packed with a wrong/unsupported codec . try recoding the video to a format that is supported by your phone . a quick search showed videora android converter . it seems easy to use and converts to formats supported by android .
does the . mp4 play as a video on a desktop os ? can you ' vouch ' for the source ? . mp4 is a container format and may well only contain audio , or is corrupt and the player can only salvage the audio . . . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mpeg-4_part_14
there is miui : miui is one of the most popular android roms in the world . it is based on android 2.3 and 4.0 , featuring better experience and richer themes . miui is updated every friday based on the feedback from its users . regarding the themes : over 500 themes created by fans available original third-party theme-changing program massive online themes for your choice themes can be found at miuithemes for your specific request , concerning an ios-like theme if you can not find it at the provided link , you can find it here : xda-developers thread : theme for miui to mimic ios droidforums thread : [ theme ] ios theme port ( based on the previous )
espier launcher is a homescreen replacement that mimics ios quite well , and still allows for some of android 's features to shine through ( widgets , customization , etc ) . unfortunately , it is apparently built by a small chinese dev shop , so it does have a few quirks . for one , it intalls some bloatware app store that is all in chinese , although it is easy enough to hide it from the launcher . there is also some weird mis-translations in the app 's settings . despite these shortcomings , it is a faithful reproduction of ios 's homescreen , and the folder/scrolling/long press animations are spot-on .
aix weather widget does hourly forecast in a graph . you can find it here : google play link several different widgets have multiple day forecasts . technically , i wrote a widget that does up to 7 day forecast graph , but i could not even get my friends interested in it enough to test on their own hardware . it works for me .
i can without reservation heartily recommend eweather . it does all you are asking for and more . i would be happy to pay for it if i had not gotten it as an amazon free app .
does sending notifications require a special permission ? if it does , permissions denied could help .
if you are on jelly bean and rooted you can use an app i built to manage notifications for all applications from a single place . notifications off allows you to turn off notifications for all applications . it can also automatically disable notifications for new apps as soon as they are installed . the next version will have support for profiles , tasker integration and a widget for switching profiles .
update : it is posible to disable notifications of individual apps on system level in jelly bean ( 4.1 ) . under each application info screen there is now a checkbox for " show notifications " ( assuming the app sends notifications ) . uncheck that and no more notifications from that app . you can get to the screen by going to Settings | Apps | {application} or , more conveniently , long-pressing the notification itself and then tapping " app info " . more details in this article . notifications are handled on a per-app basis . the only way to turn them off is inside that particular application 's settings . this menu - unlike on ios - can he accessed from inside the application . it is usually an option that comes up after pressing your menu button , or if your phone does not have one than it is hidden behind the overflow menu ie . the three dots . in the case of scramble with friends there is a settings icon on the main screen . there is an option to set the polling interval . the default is 5 minutes .
according to an xda post , it means that your modem crashed . they are safe to delete . but , you may want to consider changing/upgrading the radio/modem for your phone .
i am the developer of locale . locale has a plug-in architecture , and there is a free plug-in available on the android market called " locale bluetooth plug-in " which provides this functionality .
yes . tasker will do this . when you are setting up the state , choose " bluetooth connected " , then click the magnifying glass next to the " name " field . it will search for paired bluetooth devices . choose the one you want and configure states/actions . then do it again for the other bt device .
i have just released a new bluetooth plugin for locale - which looks for bt devices by profile ( a2dp ( audio devices ) or headset/hands-free ) - optionally you can select a specific device to look for as well . check it out @ google play : locale bluetooth audio plugin
this is not a really satisfying solution , but it is still better than nothing ( really disappointed by astrid , btw ) : according to the author , the app " locale sendsilentmail plug-in " by stafan drr maintains a queue , so mails are not lost if there is no connection to the mail server . this is sufficient for my cause , though not very elegant .
as liam w suggested , have you tried the any of the developer options ? on at least 4.0 ( ics ) and higher ( and perhaps older versions , someone else will have to verify ) in settings > developer options check out show touches and pointer location ( screenshots and short descriptions here ) . neither are exactly what you are looking for , but perhaps you will find them useful .
because the emulator is buggy and slow and should be avoided if possible when developing . i am assuming its because of the general problem with emulators , it is trying to mimic hardware functions on a software level which is extremely inefficient .
you will need a file manager , and just browse to the same path that you do when you attach to email . if the xoom does not have a file manager , i recommend root explorer . if you do not have root you can try another , like astro file manager .
matthew recommended some good apps ( +1 ) and i wanted to also recommend es file explorer . if any of the ones already mentioned do not work here is a search of the file explorer apps in the android market . once you find one you can install it straight from the market page .
if the download is still in process , click the notification , select the download and select the ' cancel ' button . if the download has finished , then reboot your device . you can clear un-sent message notifications by clicking the notification .
no , it is not possible . how did i get such result ? as always i started to google this possibility but found nothing interesting . so i decided to check android browser source code . if you want you can download it by typing in console : git clone https://android.googlesource.com/platform/packages/apps/Browser  after 5-10 minutes ( i am not new in programming ) of looking repository i found 2 facts : 1 ) the homepage is saved as one String ( java type ) . 2 ) the homepage is opening by calling this function ( in Controller.java ) : @Override public Tab openTabToHomePage() { return openTab(mSettings.getHomePage(), false, true, false); }  so as you see ( if you know programming a bit ) it returns one tab , not several ( like List&lt;Tab&gt; ) .
it seems to be related to the local time on my phone , which i suspect was slow compared to the network . so , while the incoming messages where arriving listed as the " correct " time ( on the network ) , i was then replying " before " them as far as my local clock was concerned and thus when the phone sorted on time their positions were swapped . so , i have manually adjusted my clock forward a minute , and seem to have avoided the problem since . speaking to a friend knowledgeable in these things , o2 ( my provider ) apparently do not provide phones with network-updated time , i do not know if this is true or not , but it would explain how a difference could appear in the manner described .
that is something not easy to be simulated by tasker , but should be possible . the most likely trick is working with variables -- an approach you find described at google groups : how to default profile ? ( check the post by nikita popov ) . that example just defines a single default profile to fall back on if no other profile is active . a more complex example would properly make use of variables like %PACTIVE ( currently active profile ) , in the way that a " lower-priority " profile would contain the condition that the higher is not contained in %PACTIVE ( so it only becomes the active profile if no " higher-priority " profile is currently running ) .
if you are installing a custom rom that is not a " carrier leak " then you probably will no longer receive ota notifications/updates . in the custom roms they remove the ota settings that the carriers use . i do not know exactly what is changed/removed , but i can not even tell you the last time i have had an ota notification . but if you use tools like clockworkmod rom manager you can get notifications for updates to the rom you install if it is added to rom manager by the developers . this is how i get my update notifications for cyanogenmod .
it seems that voodoo sound control on your fascinate/sgs worked because of three different pieces - the preinstalled voodoo control app , a specific digital to audio controller , and a kernel that can allow the two to communicate . as best i can tell the galaxy nexus does not have the correct dac nor a kernal that would allow the controller app to work . sorry , it seems you are stuck with eq apps for sound quality . my suggestion at this point , if you are needing more volume from your phone , would be to look into external powered amps .
on my encrypted nexus s i use a temporary tmpfs mount on /sdcard in cwm . it has enough ram to hold the new rom in memory during the update : download your rom to /tmp/update . zip and boot into recovery . then log in via ' adb shell': then do the usual update steps ' install zip from sdcard ' . edit : starting with ics/jelly bean there is the new adb sideload &lt;filename-of-update.zip&gt; method it works with cwm from version 6.0.1.5 onwards and you need the android sdk platform-tools v16 or better . if you are in cwm you can see a new entry install zip from sideload if it is supported . the old method still works : if sideload does not work , you can still use the tmpfs method . cwm expects /data/media as the location for the update . zip now , the mountpoint has however to be /data so you have to do this now : me@workstation$ adb shell ~ # mount -t tmpfs none /data ~ # mkdir /data/media ## Go on with 'adb push update.zip /data/media' and then like above  reason : starting with ics+ the proposed partition layout has changed . there should be no fat formatted sdcard partition any more but the external storage now resides within /data/ ( /data/media ) . to remain compatible , a fuse mount emulates the old fat properties ( access rights and such ) . you can see this when there is a fuse mount on /storage/sdcard0 , it looks similar to this : shell@android:/ $ mount | grep fuse [ . . . ] /dev/fuse /storage/sdcard0 fuse rw , nosuid , nodev , relatime , user_id=1023 , group_id=1023 , . . . 0 0 [ . . . ]
ce4 's answer did not work for me on my galaxy nexus gsm ( maguro ) using cwm 6.0.1.1 . i kept getting errors from cwm telling me it could not mount /sdcard even after i mounted a tmpfs there and used adb to push the update . zip there . after reading a thread at xda i found out that unlike cwm , twrp is capable of mounting an encrypted sdcard partition . so i downloaded twrp for the gnex and flashed it using fastboot . when i booted in to recovery it asked me for the password for the encrypted sdcard partition and i was able to flash the update normally . links : twrp xda thread
yes , custom recovery works with encrypted honeycomb device . the built-in encryption does not touch rom and firmware at all . it just encrypts accounts , settings , downloaded apps and their data etc . which can be located on phone memory , internal sd or external sd . that is why encryption is no longer present after factory reset because there is no encrypted data available . files for custom recovery environment live on rom as firmware . that is why they survive factory reset . as flashing files/updates has to do with rom , you will be allowed to do it . when it comes to nandroid backup , you can do it too , but the chunk of encrypted data will backed up in that form which can not be restored using titanium backup . yes , you could do nandroid restore flawlessly .
open contacts , tap the name of the contact you want to set the distinctive ringtone , then open action overflow menu ( the three dots ) and tap " set ringtone " , select a ringtone different to default one and tap ok .
basically , as screen lock secures your data as long as the data chip stays in the phone ( as long as debugging is disabled [ or enabled with no trusted credentials ] and the phone is not rooted ) , whereas encrypting it secures it no matter what . old answer : it is possible to access some data via usb , however other data is not accessible , plug your tablet into the computer and wee what comes up under internal storage , that is accessible ( edit : none of it if the screen is locked ) . of course given enough time a hacker in possession of your tablet could access all the data ( as long as it is not encrypted ) ( edit : for example as you suggested by removing the internal storage and reading it with a different device ) . if your tablet is encrypted none of the data can be accessed without your passcode ( if the tablet is switched off ) . if usb debugging is enabled or you are rooted it is even easier to access the data .
if the download failed , the broken download was deleted . it is not stored anywhere , and it is not taking up space .
i was testing ways to toggle the on-screen keyboard . in android 4.2.2 on a nexus 7 i had to go through the following steps to toggle the on-screen keyboard from the tablet while a bluetooth keyboard is connected : to activate the " choose input method " notification you need to have multiple keyboards available . on a stock nexus 7 you can go into settings then " language and input " . under " keyboard and input methods " check the box next to another keyboard like the " iwnn ime emoji input " or " google pinyin input " . ( optional ) if you do not have any other keyboards available you can install a 3rd party keyboard from the play store like the nullkeyboard or anysoftkeyboard . back in the language and input settings check the checkbox next to the 3rd party keyboard you installed . read the warning message and click ok if you agree . go to any text input box a new notification appears in your notification bar ( top left ) labeled " choose input method " , tap the notification ( not select keyboard layout ) the first item in the " choose input method " popup is " hardware " with an on/off slider , choose " off " use the radio buttons below to choose your software keyboard ( i chose the google keyboard ) tap the back button and the on-screen keyboard appears . the bluetooth keyboard is still functional .
i am using android 4.3 on a nexus 7 . i was able to configure android to use both keyboards ( screen and bluetooth ) simultaneously . with the bluetooth keyboard setup and enabled . . go into your settings then select " language and input " . click on " default " located just under the " keyboard and input methods " heading to open the " choose input method " dialog . turn the " hardware physical keyboard " off . that is it ! the bluetooth keyboard does not show up in the language and input screen anymore but i am still able to use it . in addition , the onscreen keyboard is enabled again .
is tasker installed on the sd card ? i have seen that issue with other apps where some resources do not load . try moving to internal storage .
from what google tells me , this appears to be a touchwiz issue . try a different launcher and see if that fixes it .
samsung sells replacement data cable .
i do not think the actual internal storage is full on the sgs ii . it is probably the data or cache partitions that are full . you can go in to the settings -> applications -> manage applications and clear the cache/data for the " high use " apps . i have a lot of apps installed but still have tons of " internal storage " space left , but i only have 11% ( 19.3m ) left in my /datadata partition . it was at about 2mb the other day , but i removed a lot of apps that i do not really ever use anymore . my /data partition , where the applications are installed , has a max size of 1.8gb , but my cache partition , where temporary data is stored , only has 80mb . the cache could fill up quickly if you use apps that cache a lot of data .
i was also facing the same issue and the below link helped : ) http://forums.androidcentral.com/samsung-galaxy-s-ii/272384-galaxy-s2-cannot-download-updates-new-apps.html this works ! !
i believe you can move apps to the " internal sd card " by going to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications , selecting individual apps , and choosing " move to sd " if it is supported . though honestly i keep all my apps off the sd , so i do not know whether it tries to move them to external or internal sd .
check the space used up by your text messages , which is stored in internal storage . whenever i receive the " memory full " notification , i delete all text message threads , and that always fixes the problem , especially if it is been months and i have received pictures , etc . i also use sms backup + to backup all of my text messages in my gmail before deleting all of my text messages .
there is no solution to this problem . on the sgs2 , the move to sd button actually moves the apps to the external sd ( /mnt/sdcard/external_sd ) and not the interal usb ( /mnt/sdcard ) . this means that the application 's data is still on internal usb , but the application itself gets moved to external sd . the only solution to install large applications on the internal storage is to repartition the 16gb so that you have a much bigger phone partition and smaller internal usb partition ( they are both partitions of the same physical disk ) .
on my phone ( i simply do not know if this is a default android thing or an sgs thing ) i have a widget for power controls ( i believe it is called " activation " , but my phone is in hebrew so i do not know what it is really called ) . in froyo this gives you buttons for controlling : screen brightness gps wifi bluetooth background sync in gingerbread it gives some other control whose meaning i do not know . this allows you to enable or disable sync at the tap of a button on the home screen . this is the same as enabling or disabling background sync from Settings -&gt; Accounts and sync .
" push " is actually more efficient than pull . with " push " your phone does not need to connect to the mail server every once in a while . instead , the server sends a signal to the phone telling it whenever new mail is available . if you are using the gmail app for accessing your gmail account , you are already using push and no extra settings are necessary . for other services you will need to go to each app that access them ( e . g . facebook , twitter , etc . ) and go into options to find settings for " refresh interval . " most apps allow you to customize this setting , and allow for a " manual " option , thus disabling automatic refresh .
for most apps , you will need to go into each individual app and change their sync settings . for example for facebook , open the facebook app , press back to get off the news feed page and onto the screen with all the icons , then press menu , press settings and change the refresh interval .
as well as the other answers , you can change the frequency that some accounts sync by going to Settings -&gt; Accounts and sync . for instance , when i click on my facebook account from there i can change the " social networking sync interval " to none , 3 hours , 6 hours , 12 hours , or once per day .
the second user will have to explicitly install the wanted app ( in your example : facebook )  as otherwise all accounts ' app drawers would be cluttered with a bunch of apps not wanted by everybody , except for those who installed them . but if the app already had been installed before by another account , it will rather be a " fake install " ( i.e. . it appears as if the app would be installed anew , but it is not downloaded again from playstore , and thus does not consume " double space" ) . one side-effect to that is : whenever a user decides to update the app , that update applies to all other accounts of the device as well .
you can install facebook once and log in with different user/pwd to have different setting for different account
a couple of points for those swinging in from google . . uninstalling an app in one user account does not remove it from the other , unless you use titanium or similar , in which case it is gone . if you install an app at the play store web site , it installs into the primary user " desktop " , even if you are logged into another desktop using the exact same account on your android device . theoretically , it should quickly appear in your " my apps " list , so it is easy enough to install into the second user desktop . so if you installed an app and see no notification or icon , this is why . switch to the primary desktop and there it is !
if you have an unencrypted /sdcard ( this is usually true if you have removable sd card slot ) , you can install zip from sdcard as always . if your sdcard is encrypted , too , but you have relatively new device and software ( ice cream sandwich or newer ) , you may be able to use sideload . choose install zip from sideload option in your recovery run this command on your computer : adb sideload &lt;filename-of-update.zip&gt; then you can continue to flash the rom . ( in my case , the installation process started automatically . )
encryption is done on the /data partition ( where all app-data is stored ) . however , /sdcard is sometimes encrypted too ( if the sdcard is actually internal memory of the phone i.e. not removable ) . if the sdcard is also encrypted , then you will be unable to flash rom 's from within recovery ( recovery can not read encrypted sdcard ) .
worked for me : Setting &gt; Apps &gt; All &gt; Google play services &gt; Uninstall update and clear cache
in the " downloads " screen of the market , long click on the app that is stuck installing and you will get the option to delete or cancel ( i can not remember which option you will see but it'll be obvious ) .
my is working when i close the app when the downloading app is at 100% or it didnt start at all i open the app again and its started installing and my app is installed . it isnt a very effective way but its something . : )
i just had this problem , and somehow i got this solved . what i did : entered settings -> applications -> manage applications . selected the market app , and " uninstall updates " . after that , i entered the market app again , and i was able to reinstall the app who got stucked . ps : i am not sure if this was just a coincidence , or this procedure works always , but it worked for me . ps2: my android version is actually in portuguese language , so i am not sure the option names i referred to above are correct in english .
try to do the following : close the play store . go to settings select the apps option find the google play store , and select it select clear data then , try to download your app again .
i keep getting this , and it seems tied to my " application storage is low " message . i uninstalled several large , un-used apps , rebooted* , and the downloads downloaded . *maybe i did not reboot . check the download after uninstall and see if it is continuing . . . . since my file-browser says i am using less than 40% of available phone storage , this is a little irritating .
from the gmail web interface , create a rule to give it a label of your choice and skip the inbox . then , from the gmail android app , change the settings for that label to not notify you . in more detail , the first part is : log into gmail in a browser , and click the settings button ( gear icon ) . click the filters tab , then create a new filter at the bottom . set the settings for the filter : in this case , use the from field . click the search button ( magnifying glass ) to check your filter , or go straight to create a filter with this search . put a tick in the skip the inbox ( archive it ) checkbox , and another in apply the label and choose the label you want or create a new one from the drop-down . click create filter . then , starting from the main screen ( folder view ) of the gmail app : click the overflow menu ( three dots in the top-right ) choose manage labels choose the label you just set in the filter make sure label notifications is turned off .
yes . any usb charger can be used for it . it is all standard 5v usb . the only thing you need to pay attention to is the current rating of the charger , especially with a tablet . if the charger can not supply enough current , the device will charge slower than it should , if it will even be able to charge at all with the device on . i am not sure about the 7" tablets , but the 10" tablets will charge at up to 2.5 amps , whereas a typical smartphone charger will only put out 1 amp or so , meaning it will take at least 2.5x as long to charge on the latter .
google play store says the pogo pins are 5v , digital audio and gnd . so i guess the middle pin is the digital audio and that the phone finds out it is connected to the dock because there is a 5v tension between 1st and 3rd pin .
someone over at androidcentral built their own charging dock . according to the post , . . . the pin closest to the bottom of the gn is the 5v and the pin closest to the power button in the gnd . it is assumed that the middle pin is for letting the phone know it is connected to the dock and launch the needed activities ( enable bluetooth , launch apps , etc . )
i would suggest you to factory reset your phone or do that from cwm after wiping dalvik , cache and system data . and consider going to cm11 on your verizon gnexus too android 4.4 has better ram management and task killing . i am saying that your system is behaving very differently so may be aome bug but most probably virus or something which cannot be specifically detected so i suggest thoroughly wiping your system .
as i have already explained in my answer here , on *nix based systems there is no such thing as " unused ram " . how ram is utilized , depends on many criteria : what apps are running ( foreground , background , services . . . ) how active they are ( program structures , data loaded ) how much file i/o there is ( data from " slower storage " gets cached in ram for faster access ) are only some of them . follow up to the other asnwer to find out how to get additional details about caches and buffers used in ram .
in my opinion it sounds as though it is definitely your sim card . this can either be an issue with the sim card or the phone itself . if the phone 's applications are working fine , then it is probably the sim card . you should put the sim in another phone and see if it can read the messages . if not then you should contact your phone company and ask them to send you the texts they have stored on their system . it will either be a few or them all depending on your company . my logic of thinking is that if the texts were stored on your android phone itself , there would be something else missing that is not your texts . either way hope this helps .
there are several apps specialized on this topic . the probably best known is appmonster , which i use ( in the pro version ) for years now , very reliable ( and very active dev ) . for alternatives and more details , please take a look at : are apk files saved on my device when i install from the play store ? izzyondroid app lists : backups : backup apps
try go backup and restore app from playstore https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.jiubang.go.backup.exhl=en
a very easy way is es file explorer from google play store . you can browse to your /system/app folder ( for system apps ) /data/app folder ( for user apps ; requires root to be accessed ) and copy them to your /sdcard ( or anywhere else ) . copying multiple files with es file explorer is very easy . just long hold one of the files , then put check marks on all the files you want to copy . then browse to the folder ( on your sdcard ) where you want to place them . connecting to your computer via your usb cable will allow you to backup your sdcard content to your computer . update ( accessing the protected data/apps area ) : i notice the /data/ directory is not readable . you can pull any of the content if you know it by name . i will describe a command-line ( cli ) solution to get the names and the files . however , the backup tools suggested by izzy are the easiest way to go . this is a step by step method to get the list of packages and pull the packages using the commandline : download and install the android sdk package ( or see is there a minimal installation of adb ? for a solution requiring much less space , if you are not intending to develop android apps ) . while you will have access to just about everything in the world ( android ) , do not be too overwhimed . . . just focus on an immediate objective , and all the other features can be for a different day . add a path to these two directories of the package install ( [installedpath]/tools and [installedpath]/platform-tools for a full sdk installation ) . now , with the android plugged in via the usb , run this to get the full list of installed apps : $ adb shell 'pm list packages' you now have a list the names of all your install apps . use the -f parameter to get the full pathname of a desired package by specifying a search string found in the previous list : $ adb shell 'pm list packages -f reader' now pull the full pathname of the package you want to get with : ## adb pull [filepathname] [destination path] ## $ adb pull /data/app/com.ebooks.ebookreader-2.apk ~/mybackupdir  the steps might appear to be complicated , but they are easier done than said . once you perform it a few times , you will find it very easy to pull any app from your device . you can also write a script to do this as your own personal backup utility . while there are gui alternatives as mentioned in the alternate answer , i strongly recommend looking at the features of the adb commands which includes full backups . . . the option for users to select precisely what they want backed up and where . installing the full android sdk will give fuller access to components of your android device ( from the commandline ) . look at the commands : $ adb -help  look at the backup section ( of the help screen ) : you can use the android backup extractor to explore the compressed backup file created by the adb utility . restoring the backup to the android is a simple "-restore " command : $ adb restore &lt;file&gt;  the android backup extractor provides a way to explore the backup and pick out individual files ( such as the apk 's as in the op 's objective ) to store or preserve . the explorer package includes a variety of multi-platform tools , such as java , perl , and cygwin . you can extract the backup with ( using the java extract opton ) : ## this line converts the android backup into a tar file ## $ java -jar abe.jar unpack backup.ab backup.tar  out side of my initial cli answer , the most precise gui app to accomplish the op 's specific question is airdroid . it is free , extremely user friendly and intuitive to use . to use , run the app . it gives a local ip address for typing into a web browser . the link will give you a ui that resembles and android home screen . click on the " apps " icon and select one or more apps to download . you can install or reinstall the apps using the same interface . there are several other gui alternatives ( graphical user interfaces ) available , e.g. qtadb ( multi-platform ) or , for windows users , also the excellent droid explorer by our member ryan conrad ( see e.g. full backup of non-rooted devices ; for more , also see our adb tag-wiki ) .
i have got ' avg antivirus ' installed . i just backup files from it and they get stored as apks .
then back up your app data after that go to settings-> application-> -> clear data ( clear the app data ) . after that you can able to get the apk for the selected application with the use of apk share/send application .
yeah , you can use apk share/send pro application to get the backup of application as a apk file
it is impossible , because fs has huge corruptions at different places . you can to use file repare utilities to try repare some data , but mostly it is broken by write to fs at the same moment , as dump process .
usb and mhl share the same pins on the connector . once the phone is in mhl mode , there is no usb capability . so , currently you can not use mhl and usb simultaneously .
when you open your camera , touch the " setting " widget that shows up by default on the right hand side . the bottom choice looks like three sliders , that is your settings . one of the choices is " store location . " that enables and disables geotagging .
this has been left out of the 4.2 camera application . you could get around this , if you really wanted the icon back , by installing the old camera app . you would need to be rooted to do this . you could also install a custom camera app off google play , which will not require you to be rooted .
open your camera app and send it to background . then use this free app , gps test , to search for a gps lock . once you acquire a gps lock ( yellow indicator on gps status section turns green ) , bring to front the camera and take the photo .
you can press the right soft-key ( switch application soft-key ) . the application switcher in android 4.2 includes the notification bar , which shows if theres a gps fix . you can press the right soft-key again to return to the camera app .
same way as on any other android device : go to the android app store of your choice ( google play , appbrain , whatever ) and search for " korean keyboard " ( currently , 376 results ) install the one you find suiting your needs there are several keyboards shipping with korean language packs , so you might as well decide picking one of those . this might possibly even come with more functionality or better usability . not explicitly asked for , but it will probably be your next question : you might have to " activate " that " input method " for the keyboard to show up , or even make it the default one . this can be done in settings  languages and input ( by " settings " i mean the android settings ) .
open contacts menu -> contacts to display choose customize choose your email or g+ account select that groups to show hit ok and all the individuals with those labels will be shown source : tested on contacts app running on a kk 4.4
you have to turn off the keyboard trace . unfortunately through a very poor design , you can not have trace without the autocomplete .
if using the stock keyboard : Settings &gt; Language &amp; Keyboard &gt; HTC Sense Input &gt; Advanced &gt; Word prediction . uncheck the box .
if you are rooted you can try this . in cwm recovery , advance -> wipe battery stats . reboot and drain the battery fully recharge the battery 100 % without any interruption or you can use this app which does the same steps .
according to the comments of reviewers , it is streaming only audio . so , it is lighter on the download .
i am the developer . it was using the full video streams up until last week when i released version 1.8 . however it is possible that the android mediaplayer when given a video stream , does not bother to download the video too , but i doubt so . now it specifically downloads audio-only streams , however only on android 4.3+ devices . android 4.2 and lower still stream the full video because the os is not compatible with the audio only streams . to give you an idea of bandwidth consumption , a 5 minute song takes up about . . . 3mb video stream , hd audio disabled 12mb video stream , hd audio enabled 3mb audio-only stream , if your device supports it . the sound quality is about equal ( possibly a little better ) than hd audio with video . on android 4.3+ devices , the hd audio switch in settings does not really do anything . .
the problem was with the selection mode . apparently mtp does not work too well with ubuntu . when i switched to ptp the usb debugging started working .
that does not exist on your device . it does not on my vibrant either , though i can get somewhat similar info via cat /proc/partitions .
i feel your pain , this has happened to me . it is very frustrating . i tried clearing cache for apps , removing them using the application manager and a bunch of other unsuccessful attempts . the only thing that helped was a factory reset . luckily i was able to backup my data prior to doing a full factory reset . i know you mentioned that it is something that you do not want to do . the only other option would be to root your device and flash your device with a new rom - but doing this would essentially be a pseudo reset , so if this seems like a valid option , i would play it safe , backup and reset . also , you mentioned that you were able to read the host file ? do you see any specific url 's or ip addresses in the " hosts " file ? if so , you want to clear anything that says google play . leave only the first two lines - which should be something like : 127.0.0.1 localhost x.x.x.x:port*  where x is variable and :port would be defined i found a thread on xda forums that might help - but it requires root . tested fix for google play connection error let me know if this helps .
it is probably too late to help the original poster , but i had this exact same problem for the past 24 hours or so on my htc incredible with cyanogenmod 7.1.0 . i was consistently getting sqlitediskioexception errors every time i tried to start an application , including even the keyboard and crash reporters . after stopping and uninstalling all sorts of applications , i finally happened to clear the twitter client data through manage applications . it immediately solved the problem . i am not sure if it is twitter itself , or if clearing the data managed to tweak something else . anyway , something for someone to try if they run across this error . i was one step away from reinstalling the os from scratch .
i encountered exactly the same problem as yours on my galaxy s2 with cm9 earlier this week . i figured out it might be the problem that the internal usb storage had some error on it . unfortunately , formate dalvik cache and cache will not fix the problem . you can try to mount your phone onto your computer and try to fix the error using some disk check utilities , which i tried but phone freezes after mount as usb . at last i fix the problem by doing a hard reset . so i suggest you start from trying mount your phone to your computer and do some quick backup first . if you cannot even copy out your files , it is the problem of internal usb storage with some logical errors .
for those of us who are frustrated in trying to alter the file system to mtp and cannot find how to change it . do not despair . if you have opened samsung keis and connected phone with a usb cable and got the error message , go to your phone and swipe top to bottom on the notifications list you will see the usb symbol on the left hand side and the line stating - connected as camera . if it says - connected media device - then your connected properly . to change from connected as camera , tap/select the line - connected as camera and you will be shown another screen with the camera option selected - just select media device mtp and you will be able to connect to samsung keis , and all will be calm and peacful , no more screaming at the pc or mobile phone .
tasker or llama should both be able to accomplish this , from what i understand , though i have never tested them with taking pictures .
try enabling airplane mode . it will shut down all the radios on your device - cell , wifi , bluetooth . then try explicitly turning the wifi back on . not all devices support this - driver issues , i think - but in many you will wind up with the cell radio disabled and the wifi on .
if you have no reason to why the wifi drops , you might try changing the wifi sleep policy . the wifi sleep policy handles when or if the wifi connection shall switch to mobile data . if this option is set to the default value , when screen turns off , wifi connection automatically switches off when the phone has been idle for a while . you can try setting this to never , which will keep the connection on , even when the phone is not used . to change this setting , navigate to settings -> wireless and networks -> wi-fi settings -> [ menu ] -> advanced -> wi-fi sleep policy .
turn off mobile data usage . go to Settings-> Wireless and networks-> Mobile network ( you should uncheck this ) . some manufacturers may have a widget for this , such as htc did for my incredible ( v1 ) .
try to re-install the kies on your pc . and try it once again because i had the same problem and i got it back by this way .
do you have a samsung apps icon on your phone ? have you tried using that one ? it is been a little while since i have used kies , but it is used for all of samsung 's phones , not just the android ones . the samsung apps icon in kies only used to list bada compatible apps , not android ones , you needed to use the samsung apps icon on your phone to get the android ones . edit : just realised that this question has come up before , for the galaxy s : why do samsung apps not support the galaxy s ? though that question is from a year ago , so things may have changed since then
this was raised as an issue in june 2009 and despite being discussed extensively there does not appear to be any way to show the original timestamp in vanilla android . this leaves you with a couple of options : use a custom rom like cyanogenmod which supports this , or install an app like sms sent time which appends the message sent time to the message itself
possible reasons : he might have deleted his account permanently ( probably changed his number ) . he might have blocked you in his account . there is no need to remove whatsapp to do above tasks .
there is now an actual google docs application in the market made by google . you can take a look at it in the market online here : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.google.android.apps.docsfeature=search_result - i have used it and it is pretty similar to the online look , but with a more native feel . hopefully , this is what you are looking for !
quickoffice supports downloading google spreadsheets , editing them , and then uploading the edited file . i am not sure if it will create a new document on upload or replace the other one .
the pin layout between the working and not working head phones might be different and hence this behaviour . though it appears to be simple there is no one standard to which all these manufactures seems to stick with . for instance my lg p500 's stock ear phones exhibit this issue with sony ericsson sk17i , while sony 's head set played well in my lg p500 . the same problem exhibits when i use my lgp500 head phones in my desktop computer . while doing so , i just pull out the head phone slightly out to solve this issue .
i have nokia earphones which i got with my musicxpress , and they behave the same way . the audio in the human-voice range gets really really garbled . over time , i learned how to use it relatively well : if your earphones have a button ( generally for answering calls , etc ) , when that is pressed the sound comes fine , but when not pressed , sound is garbled . i use a clip to hold the button pressed mostly ; ) if on a computer , you can adjust the balance of your sound output to either 100% left or 100% right . then the sound comes alright , although sound from one channel is lost , but the vocals come perfect . downmix to mono . not supported in windows 7 and linux by default , but there are plugins which can do it ( like dfx ) .
solved : the android system is likely connected to the headset for phone calls , and some other device for a2dp ( media ) . some other device is still using the audio connection , even though the sound comes from android 's speaker ! what this means is that if you have any other a2dp devices that you have paired your android with ( laptop/stereo/etc ) then you will have to disconnect via the other device , not android . however under android 's " paired devices " list ( see image ) , the other device is not always listed as connected , even though it is ! if you manually try to un-check the " media audio " profile for the other device , it will not disconnect ! you must manually disconnect the other device outside of android . for example : if the other device is a laptop , you must disconnect the audio connection using the laptop . if the other device has no way to manually disconnect ( no buttons ) , just turn it off and use your android to connect to the correct device .
i do not know anything about this phone , but this thread on xda has dump of the stock rom . i am not sure if it includes the boot . img or not . the dump seems to be android 1.6 , the original thread is here and is huge . there is also a 2.2 thread here and it does look like the zio has its own section on xda as well . in the development section , i found this thread . it has the boot . img , but someone posted saying they were unable to use them . i would suggest sending a pm to the person that pulled the boot . img off the device in that thread . i hope this helps you in some way . . . i know what it is like to brick a phone , good luck .
for what its worth . . . on my galaxy note 2 , i found the " personal dictionary " option by tapping the gear icon next to " google keyboard " . i did not find " personal dictionary " under any other keyboard option though , so it may be limited to the google keyboard .
not every device has this feature . i tested on my samsung-galaxy-s-3 , and it does not have this option either , but the nexus-7 and nexus-10 do . i am not sure whether the feature was only added in 4.2-jelly-bean , or if it is just missing from samsung roms . either way , you probably want a third-party text expander app as others have suggested .
you need to place your audio files in the correct directory structure , as i explained in this answer : there are special directories you can use to store your custom " noises " . the " starting point " ( root-of-noises-dir ) may be different between devices ( so this is rather a generic answer , as i do not own all of them ) -- pick one and check if it works , if not , pick the next : /sdcard/media/audio /sdcard/media /sdcard  in there , put the directories for the specific events : then place your sound files into the appropriate directories . done . now you should be able to pick them in your configuration ( s ) . alternatively , for an easy , non-techy way , you might want to take a look at the ringdroid app ( a howto can be found e.g. at maketecheasier ) .
free app version lists all sounds up to 30 sec . you do not need to place them in specific folder . to refresh list that app uses you can unmount sdcard and place it again and then start app . if you have really lots of sound files it might take awhile to load .
well , after accidentaly deleting my su binary , i downloaded and flashed the zip from http://download.clockworkmod.com/superuser/superuser.zip .
there is no such option at this moment . we can use " profiles active " variable ( %PACTIVE ) .
that is another xy problem question : you ask how to establish your suggested solution , instead to ask how to solve your real problem , which is your actual concern . for this task , you do not even need any custom rom . take a look at andmade share -- this app lets you customize your share menu on any rom , not even root is needed : as you can easily see , this app lets you . . . select ( filter ) the apps appearing in the list ( as your question required ) change the order in which they appear in the list ( e . g . put your most frequently used apps on top )
you could try this app : buttonremapper ( xda thread ) it takes a little reading to figure out how to properly configure this to your needs but once it is done it should solve your problem .
i have too a htc wildfire . for the live wallpaper , you can not use the htc sense launcher . you must use another launcher like adw or launcherpro . when you use another launcher , a new option " live wallpaper " will appear .
have you installed usb otg helper just recently ? did it " coincide " with windows refusing to recognize your device ? if so - that is your answer . go ahead and disable the application . and do not re-enable it until you actually need it . and then disable it again when you want to connect back to your pc .
if your only goal is to format the sd card , you can go to Settings -&gt; SD card and phone storage -&gt; Unmount SD card and then Format SD card . this should standard on all phones , at least it is on my galaxy s . you can use bluetooth to send/receive files to/from your phone after pairing it with your pc but not format .
the title of this post says "6to4 ( nat traversal ) " . this is fundamentally impossible . it does not work on your standard linux , let alone android . the 6to4 protocol relies on having a public ipv4 address on the same machine you terminate the tunnel on . leaving that aside , it may be that you are simply using the word "6to4" when in fact you mean " ipv6 tunnelling " . other tools , such as aiccu or gogoc , utilise different protocols that encapsulate ipv6 within udp within ipv4 to allow the nat traversal to work . these do not use 6to4 . your android distribution must support the necessary kernel modules for tunnelling to work . you must have the sit module available for 6to4 ( or the tun module for many vpn products , and so on and so forth ) as well as the ability to add tunnels such as via ip tunnel add mode sit . it may be that you do not have that available . i have a device ( motorola milestone running cm7 ) that is supported by the ipv6config app you mentioned above . the app does not appear to do anything phone-specific . i suspect that the fundamental problem is that simply having " root " on your phone is not enough  your android must ship with the appropriate kernel modules . you may need to run another distro ( e . g . cyanogenmod instead of a rooted stock android ) that includes the proper support to allow such tunnelling to work .
digging out an old post but it might be helpful for others : i just wrote a small app called androiccu that is available in the google play store : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=ch.web_troubles.androiccu this app allows an easy way to download aiccu ( and a complete version of ip , both not ported to android by me ) , configure it and finally run it . of course your phone must be rooted and must have the tun kernel module . there is an app called tun . ko that can help you add the tun kernel module if it is not present . it is still in an early development stage but have fun testing it and reporting failure or success . cheers , martin
a quick bit of experimentation shows that they will be able to view your cached gmail , but will not be able to download new mail .
create a separate google account for your brother 's account . import your brother 's sim 's contacts to that google account . ok- here 's the idea i have : back up all your existing contacts to sd card . open your contacts app and press menu > import/export > export to sd card . a . vcf file will be created with all your existing contacts . using my files or astro or a file manager of choice , save / copy this backup file to another location as well . optional step - you can create a separate google account for your brother so his imported contacts are pushed/synced there . turn on airplane mode - this way there is no chance of any changes being made to your google account contacts ( added safety ) . wipe all your contacts - from within the contacts app , press menu > delete and choose all contacts . ( this is also rather optional , depending on whether you wish to sync to a google account or not ) . turn your phone off and insert your brother 's sim . turn your phone on . you currently have no contacts . from within your contacts app , press menu > import / export and choose import from sim - it'll ask where the contacts should be imported to - phone / list of google accounts . depending on your process , either choose the phone or the new google account and you ought to be done . you can either sync the new contacts to the new google account or export them to a . vcf on your sd card . this is just a rough idea of how you can do things . the end process is yours to tweak to your liking and needs .
i think you are asking about an application which supports this function . there are so many apps in play store . my favourite is shareit developed by lenovo . you can tap on similar button in store to see related apps .
ok , so let 's clarify the problem . can you please explain which file is for ? for example , what is the " ta . key " for ? normally , there is the file list on server 's side : server . conf ( the configuration of server , seemed you have not got this file ? ) ca . crt ca . key dh1024 . pem and the server should also contain a set of client keys . for the client side , it should have : client . crt client . key ca . crt client . ovpn ( or client . conf ) i cannot see why you have ta . key ? for how to create the p12 files , here 's the instruction : open a linux terminal ( note : you should have openssl pre-installed ) , enter openssl pkcs12 -export -in [ pathtoclientcert ] -inkey [ pathtoclientkey ] -certfile [ pathtocacert ] -name [ friendlyname ] -out certs . p12 ( you should replace the contents of square brackets with yours and no need to keep any square brackets . ) then the p12 file named certs . p12 will be generated . hope it will helps .
first of all , check the Keys tab in tomatovpn to see if you already have some default keys defined . if not , check out the openvpn howto for info on how to generate the keys . next , copy the first two keys ( ca and server certificate ) from the text areas to a text editor and save them with .cer suffix and transfer them to your phone . cm7 should be able to import .cer certificates directly but older versions may need to use . p12 files ( see this link for info on how to convert .crt -&gt; .pem -&gt;.p12 ) . after this , go to Settings -&gt; Security -&gt; Install from SD Card to load the certificates to the phone .
i have since been updated to 4.0.27 and although i got prompted after my first app update as to whether i want to auto-update next time ( no mention of wi-fi though , although i suspect this is dependent on your settings ) to which i responded " not now " , i have not been prompted since in subsequent updates for other apps . in play store-> settings-> auto update , automatic update is turned off , and has no setting for ' wi-fi only ' . in version 4.0.27 there should still be a ' wi-fi only ' setting , although it is now ( hidden ) under the " auto-update apps " sub menu . in settings , tap the " auto-update apps " option : update 2013-05-11: i have had quite a few updates for various apps over the past week and not been re-prompted to auto-update next time - that is , until today . today i got prompted , to which i tapped " not now " again . i have not been re-prompted since . perhaps it prompts once a week or every so many updates ?
i highly recommend checking out qtadb . it is a very useful program with a file manager ; you can just drag and drop across . if you have an apk on your local machine , you can install it right in the file manager . plus there is an adb shell built in , an app list with back up options , and a ton of other stuff . i would say this is a must-have for an android developer . it is just extremely useful . i hope that helps you out .
its a faulty phone . take it back and get a new one . but you can turn off mobile data and it will stop rebooting . or search google for " motorola defy+ rebooting " for other opinons
yes . seems there is a problem . the touchscreen takes inputs that was never made . have a look at this http://www.thinkdigit.com/forum/mobiles-tablets/122921-official-android-discussion-thread-73.html#post1836923 there are various problems of android that lg ships on the p690 . i would suggest installing a good custom rom , which should fix the problem if it is not a hardware issue .
i had the same problem with the touch-screen of lg p690 . i have installed a new custom rom and searched a lot for answers . in my experience , it is a hardware issue causing the touch-screen to randomly press itself . my solution ? i have a new phone .
quoting the answer from xda forum . in linux or windows with cygwin . $ tar -H ustar -c recovery.img &gt; recovery.tar $ md5sum -t recovery.tar &gt;&gt; recovery.tar $ mv recovery.tar recovery.tar.md5 
upload the map to google from your device on maps.google.com, click " my maps " ( top left , below the google maps logo ) select the map you want to edit click the ' edit ' button ( top right in the left sidebar ) the line is now editable . right-click points on the line you want to delete and select ' delete this point ' .
i believe /data/data/com.android.providers.telephony/databases/mmssms.db is an sqlite db , so you can use this firefox add-on , sqlite manager and that should let you merge whatever backups you have lying around rather easily . after you merge them , you can just replace /data/data/com.android.providers.telephony/databases/mmssms.db with the resultant merged file ( backup the oringal first ) .
not currently , but the slide . me application manager ( sam ) 4 will have support for updates .
black is the default plot color for android , so this is the placeholder until the app completes it is layout operation . there are a number of things that can cause an app to have a delay here : performing a network call ( s ) . loading data from disk . garbage collection from other tasks . restoring a complex drawing . you can check to see if it is related to network latency by putting your phone in airplane mode and opening the app . if the app pops right up , the long delay is likely due to a network call that takes a while to complete ( and completes immediately as an error when there is no connection ) . the other three are trickier to test for . if it is garbage collection , you will likely only see the delay when other apps have been recently running and then switching immediately the misbehaving app . you can completely uninstall an app , including user data , and then re-install to see if it has something to do with your personal settings .
the black screen is probably related to ' lag ' . this lag can be caused by a number of things . on the samsung galaxy s its a ' known ' problem that the memory used for main storage is pretty slow . especially when another app is writing a lot of data ( mostly big downloads and marketplace updates ) when i am updating applications or creating a lot of data traffic i generally just do not use my device for anything while those apps are busy , this should help you too prevent the ' black screen of lag ' on your device .
i have seen this before , it seems to be when the application is loading or switching back into the foreground while the os is busy doing something else . seems more likely to occur when in the middle of a sync or while happening to receive a text message or some other notification causing event .
hboot is bootloader . it lives inside nand 's first partition , mtd0 ( if partition map is mtd ) . it is loaded in memory ( ram ) when device is switched on . its jobs are : check the hardware . initialize the hardware . start the operating system ( either android or recovery ) . hboot can also support doing more than this like flashing roms . something more : nandroid backup and restore do not touch hboot .
facebook have a separate app these days called facebook messenger , this has both facebook 's chat and inbox features in it . why they have split it out into a separate app now , i do not know , but this should give you what you are after : facebook messenger is a faster way to send mobile messages to friends . with messenger , you can send and receive messages with any of your friends around the world or anyone in your mobile contacts list . messenger is available on iphone , android , and blackberry . messenger lets you : send messages instantly to other friends who have messenger chat with friends who are on facebook get free push notifications for incoming messages
i have published an app named soundabout that has a media setting called " wired headset ( with mic ) " . see if that solves the issue .
you might need an adapter . i know that when i bought a couple of ear plugs with a mic once , i got an adapter with them that stated the adapter was for samsung , among other brands . on the surface it looked like a "3,5 mm > 3,5 mm " adapter so i was not sure what the difference was , but upon inspecting it i noticed the plug had three " lines " where it usually only has two ( i think ) . do not quote me on this , but it obviously had a point since they included it . so in short , it might be that your skullcandy earbuds are made to work with iphones for example , but the designers did not consider how the plugs are made for samsung or other android devices . if you have a working pair , try comparing the plugs . to fix it , i guess you would need an adapter . in the future this could be good to know as well , so you can adapt your purchase after what product supports your phone .
this is normal if you are using a cdma carrier , such as verizon or sprint . gsm carriers like at and t and t-mobile can allow simultaneous voice and data , but cdma cannot . this is supposed to change with lte devices , although last a checked it was not working with all of them on verizon . if you have a cdma 3g only device it will not work . i am not positive but i think even with an lte device on verizon that supports simultaneous voice and data it still will not work if you are out of lte coverage area . i used to work for verizon until a few months ago and this seemed to be the case .
for me , this worked well : source
the bluetooth device names come from the device itself , so unless there is a way to do this from your headset , this is not possible , at least on stock android . a quick google search revealed a thread that claimed cyanogenmod 7 can do this ( it creates an alias for the device , does not change the name itself ) .
32gb is the maximum capacity for a card following the sdhc standard found in version 2.0 of the sd standard . cards larger than that are sdxc cards . unlike the compatibility issue between sdsc and sdhc , an sdxc card is likely to work on an sdhc device , especially if you reformat the card to use the fat32 file system , rather than the default exfat , though a high performance card ( e . g . uhs ) will be limited to sdhc levels of performance .
you can set it to stay on as long as it is plugged in . to do that go to menu -> settings -> applications -> development and choose stay awake .
i think you are searching for this app keep screen lite . it allows you to keep your mobile always awake for some of the applications . you can set the applications to not to screen timeout .
let me just warn you , the nexus s has a super amoled screen and you can burn in the images on the screen . i have burn-in of the time and the notification bar on my screen . it is only noticeable when i have light colored wallpaper , but it is there . samsung even removed the " stay awake " option from the galaxy s vibrant line ( possibly others as well ) in their touchwiz ui . the nexus s will still have it , because it is a vanilla android . the screen is also one of the biggest consumers of power , so if you leave your screen on all the time , when not charging , expect to see poor battery life .
could it be you restored system app data from a different rom ? similar error quoted in above comments by paul . this usually happens when you restore system databases from one rom to another , where the database structur may be different . apps in this case often force-close , things become laggy . important : if you want to restore system data to a different rom with titanium backup , be very careful best only do so for one app/database at a time ( to be sure it went ok ) use tb 's migration feature ( that is an option to be explicitly turned on -- it takes care e.g. not to overwrite databases , but migrate the data into the existing ones ) optional , but often helpful : in the configs troubleshooting section , enforce the systems sqlite engine to be used . repeat from 1 . only if you are sure everything did fine !
actually i do not think this is related to the sd card per se . some applications just do not handle being placed on sd or being back-upped and restored with titanium backup too well . i have experienced trouble with restored apps myself and solved the problems with removing the app and installing a fresh copy from the market .
i have the same problem when sending encrypted mails from my apple mail client with gpgmail2 plug-in . apparently k9-mail supports only pgp/inline and not pgp/mime which seems to be the standard formatting pgp-emails today . if you like to test it on your own , configure gpgmail to use inline mode through your terminal : defaults write org.gpgtools.gpgmail UseOpenPGPInlineToSend -bool YES  reference . there is an open feature request to address this issue . hopefully , the k9 developers will fix this soon . so , consider starring this issue .
you can not use kies with custom roms ( like cm ) , only with samsung roms .
apps that use push notifications , such as the official facebook app or google+ hangouts , do not need to repeatedly check for new messages . the server sends new messages to the phone when they arrive , without having to be asked . my answer to ' how do push notifications work ? ' describes this in more detail . what you are asking about is apps that poll for updates , such as email clients ( when getting email from a server that does not support push ) or some kinds of rss reader . if the app has a setting " sync every . . . " with options like " every 15 minutes , " then it is using polling . polling like this usually uses more energy than push notifications , but not for the reason you describe in the question . in fact , android already provides a way for apps to synchronize their polling so that the phone only has to wake up once . all the apps that are waiting for an alarm will perform their update at once , to reduce power use . connecting to 3g after it is been completely turned off by the user uses even more power than waking it up from idle , so repeatedly turning it off and on by hand several times per hour will almost certainly use more power than what android does automatically . the exception to this would be if you have one misbehaving app that actually is checking for an update every few seconds , but since android makes it easier for app authors to use push notifications or to poll in an efficient way , this kind of bug is very rare .
turning off 3g and reactivate it later would consume less power , as all the data can be fetched once the 3g radio is in the high power state when it is left idle , even for the most trivial data transfers , like checking the weather , the same cycle has to be repeated . because of the long tail time that holds the device in a power mode , transmitting data as a series of small data bursts takes much longer and requires much more battery power than it does to send a single bigger burst .
you pretty much answered yourself : you move your apps to your sd card , then you unmount your sd card . no sd card -> the apps in it are not there anymore -> android considers they have been deleted .
for contacts , use a pc and transfer the iphone address book to the android . for text messages , back up the iphone with itunes . then use the ios backup file for the sms messages and import it to your sd card on the android phone . next , download isms2droid freebe app from google play and locate the iphone sms database file from within the app .
music can be easily copied . just open the folder where you keep the music on your hard drive and just copy and paste it on your android device . for contacts and calender , check this google help article ( screenshot below ) :
try leaving yourself voicemail , then listening to it , then deleting it . ( sounds like something i had to do a few years ago )
long-press on the notification and you should get a little " app info " box . hit that , then hit " force stop " . if the app info box does not appear , go into settings -> application manager -> all , find the phone app , and force stop it . that should send the notification packing . if it comes back , the problem is t-mobile sending out erroneous " you have voicemail " announcements and you will have to talk to them about it .
you can turn sync on/off for each app individually from the main device settings . under the accounts list , click on an account to turn sync on or off for that account . alternatively , you can simply turn off notification sounds for all apps . use the volume rocker to bring up the volume control , then click the settings icon to expand the volume control into separate controls . the speech bubble with an exclamation mark is the volume for notifications : drag that slider all the way to the left to mute notification sounds without affecting music volume . there is slider with a phone icon lets you mute the phone ringer independently . in addition , some phones have a blocking mode or driving mode which disables notifications completely . on recent samsung phones , you can reach this from the quick settings panel in the notification tray . tapping the icon in the quick settings panel turns it on and off , and long-tapping it takes you to the settings for that feature .
yes it is perfectly safe . but u should be rooted to remove it . i have removed play-store on my galaxy fit a long time ago , reason being it always triggered the installation of google play services .
you can access a memory stick via otg cable if your phone supports it . see compro1 's answer to check if your phone supports otg ; you may need to specify the correct code / model in the usb host diagnostics site . in case your phone supports otg but does not support it directly , check out my answer which involves using usb otg helper . as to your last question , yes . you can watch videos from the memory stick .
there is absolutely no magic here caused by a mysterious " dalvik speed patch " . the author said that in the comments himself by stating : Lol... I just mention dalvik speed patch, actually it's a kanged lib file...  so it is just a wording issue that you took as a rumour . the higher antutu benchmark scores are very propably caused by overcklocking using the franco kernel only . regarding your second thought about the fb hack : the fb hack has has nothing to do with this question . by the way , it is super ugly and something facebook should be ashamed of : http://jaxenter.com/facebook-s-completely-insane-dalvik-hack-46376.html
settings > application manager > spotify > clear defaults this will release the filetype from always being executed with spotify . the next execution of this filetype will present the dialog for your preference again .
things that i tried that did not fix this problem : restarting the phone removing and reinserting the sim card uninstalling the skype app calling at and t support ( 611 ) and asking for them to reset the network registration of my phone restarting my phone in safe mode booting my phone into system recovery mode and wiping the cache partition solution : at and t indicated that it was a problem with the network registration , given every piece of my phone 's communication worked except for receiving sms . this turned out to be true . the solution was to put the sim card in another phone , which overrode the network registration for my number . after about a minute , the second phone received all of the texts that the first had not been able to get , and then i could move the sim card back into my regular phone and receive texts as normal .
titanium backup itself offers the corresponding widgets : long-press on a free space on your homescreen select to add a widget select titanium backup select action select one of deactivate app activate and execute app toggle ( de ) activate app select the app tap the " create widget " button
you could use other app stores like amazon app store or getjar , but you would also need accounts on those . you can side-load apps via downloading apk files on pc and then installing them from your sd card . just try opening the apk files with a file manager like es file explorer or astro file manager which would give a option to open it with package manager or install . but i assume from your question that you do not want to enable installation of non-market apps , then you do not get much choice . even amazon app store requires that feature enabled .
use adb to install the applications . install the adnroid sdk ( https://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html ) . enable usb debugging in settings> applications> development . this process can be done even without enabling side-loading of apps . open a command prompt window and type : adb install app_name.apk 
you are absolutely correct with your assumption a factory-reset will delete all your apps and data ( as you also can find in the factory-reset tag-wiki ) . if you want to backup your contacts and sms , i am afraid there is no native way . while the contacts you could sync with google , the same cannot be said for sms . but if you take a look at google play , searching for the string " sms backup " you will find a lot of helpful apps . depending on your preferences , they can backup to your gmail account , or do it locally . putting both things together , a good choice seems to be super backup : sms and contacts , which cares for both and can save the backup to either gmail or your sdcard . and of course it has a restore function as well . btw : on most devices , you easily can backup your contacts with the native contacts app . it supports export to/import from vcard ( .vcf ) files ( just open its menu from its main screen ) . no cloud involved . so you had only need to check for something similar for your sms , if you are concerned about privacy and want to avoid having them in the cloud .
you mean like a windows restore point that is created automatically ? android does not have this feature . what is normally done for android devices is to create a manual backup that can be done using nandroid or a third-party application like titanium backup . then , you restore those back-ups .
unfortunately it is a common policy for resellers to cancel the warranty if the buyer upgrades the rom . several manufactures though allow upgrading for their official roms , but i am afraid this is not the case for freelander , for which unfortunately i have not found any official rom ( at least not in chinese ) . i am not sure what are the legal aspects of such policies . in any case there is a risk involved when upgrading a device that the device may be ' bricked ' , ie be rendered unusable if something goes wrong . now regarding the roms for the particular device , i believe i have found mainly two alternatives . the first is to use a rom from a similar ainol device . the link for the rom is http://pan.baidu.com/share/link?shareid=352175935uk=420337580 ( use google translate to identify the download button which should be the second at the right hand side ) . the update procedure along with some testimonials can be found on : http://www.slatedroid.com/topic/82866-android-422-on-freelander-pd80-wise/ according to those testimonials , the only thing not working properly after the upgrade is the front camera . the second alternative is to use one of the cyanogenmod roms ( 10.2 or 11 ) for allwinner a31 device . in the above links you can find all relevant information , along with whatever may go wrong . i have not yet evaluated any of these but i will eventually as i own such a device and the existing rom is nonsense . please provide any feedback when available .
use voice and say ' wake me at 7am ' and it should set a one time no repeat alarm for the next instance of 7am .
stock clock app does not have date reference like today or tomorrow . you can however set alarm for the particular day like sunday or monday by clicking the particular days .
no i do not think you can do that directly with vlc . but you could use another app like bubbleupnp or upnplay , they are made for the purpose .
well you can play music with vlc but only through another app . i did it like this : downloaded es file explorer on your android device of course : ) when you open the Es File Explorer you will see 3 icons top center ( local , pc and cloud ) : click on the middle one ( pc icon ) a new page just opened . bottom left corner click on new : after that just fill in the necessary fields and save . now you can brows through you nas and listen to all the music and even watch movies if you have any :
first , remove the vpn entry . settings will not let you remove the pattern unlocker until you do so . then choose a " slide " option from settings -> security -> screen lock i had the same problem and this works
you can disable screen locks by going to Settings -&gt; Security -&gt; Screen Lock on a side note , it is a good practice to use a screen lock , preferably a pattern , a pin or a password .
my mistake for the previous answer . as you have a vpn defined you are probably facing difficulty accessing the network as you need to unlock the screen every time you access so i suggest you download this app . in this app it will remove the requirement for any pattern lock to access the network thereby relieving you of the problem which you face . else if you still want to disable the lock then go through with this
i have been using the touchdown client for the past month and have been very pleased with how will it works with our exchange server . not free , but worth a look imho .
i really like enhanced email . it is a paid app ( though i got it free from one of the amazon app of the day promotions ) , and i have used it as my main client for over a year . i really like all the options and customizations you can set , and it syncs with exchange as well as standard pop and imap protocols .
here are 4 free options . . . 1 ) the pindroid app : it is a port from deliciousdroid and was just added to the market yesterday . it looks pretty sweet . here 's some screenshots . 2 ) save the pinboard . in bookmarklet as a bookmark : ( this is still my favorite option ) this works particularly well in dolphin browser hd ( but it'll also work in other browswers ) . just create new bookmark , name it pinboard share and paste the above text in as the location . when you are on a site you want to save , slide open the bookmarks toolbar and click your pinboard share and it'll bring up the popup share window with the url and title already filled in . personally , i like saving it as a gesture in dolphin to make it even easier . if you do not want to have to enter anything in , here 's the code for the " read later " pinboard bookmarklet that'll just save the url automatically to your " read later " list without prompting you to enter tags , or a description . i find this easy to do in a hurry then go back an organize later on my pc : 3 ) download bookmarklet free go to " custom services " and add your own . name it pinboard or whatever you want . in the " base url " field enter http://pinboard.in/add? then in the " title parameter " field enter title and in the " url parameter " field enter url . now when you choose to " share " from your browser , you will have all the regular options like email , twitter and any of the options you chose in bookmarklet free , including your new pinboard bookmarklet . ( note : it actually took a little while for the name to take for me , it was listed as " my service " for a while in my share menu . ) 4 ) post by email with your formatted pinboard email you can choose the share option on any page and email to to our pinboard account . the instructions to do this are on the pinboard how-to section . i prefer the first option i shared but this is a decent last resort .
save to pinboard .
first long click on the image you want , select options came and again long click on the image then drag and drop the image to any album you want .
this does not directly answer your question , but you could use an ftp app instead , an app which runs an ftp server on your phone that you then connect to over your local network using a client such as filezilla on your desktop machine ? ( this is how i transfer files to and from my own android device , the usb is just too slow and unreliable )
you could install an alternate launcher like nova and assign the buttons to do different things . alternatively you can flash a rom that has the home button going to google search by default .
galaxy s3 stock rom has s-voice on home key double press ( do a double click like with a mouse ) , its not google 's app but its not so bad at all . if you want to launch another app ( like google 's voice search ) , you need to decompile , edit and recompile the framework . jar of your phone to add that function . i would suggest you ask about the change in the cyanogenmod forum , since it should be fairly simple .
you will need a ms147 . be careful , you might kill your internal antenna connecting an external one .
if its totally un responsive then you need verify once your harware whether its an exact replacement or not as htc wildfire s digitizer comes in two variants with chip without chip so match it with old damaged one and if they are same then the hardware will be faulty and you will need one more replacement .
finally managed to fix this problem . seems like performing the calibration with the use of a goldcard solved it . i will leave the link to the instruction here for anyone who may have the same issue . please leave a message if you encounter any problems when going through the instructions provided in the link above .
try this free app : to clipboard install it and it will be added as a new share option , so you can send there the url from chrome .
it just might be about your rom . i have the same version of chrome , on android 4.1.2 . when i select the url and long-press , i am getting a row of buttons , which of course includes a ' copy ' button .
you could workaround this problem by sending the page to gmail app , and there you can copy the url from the draft message body . then you can delete the draft from gmail .
turns out i was doing it wrong ( well at least on my my rom ) . you need to perform two double-taps . double tap the url . the first tap will select all of the url and the second will deselect it and give you the text cursor and that little text selection tab helper thing . double tap the url again to bring up the menu . or you can just keep quickly tapping until the copy menu appears . i find this whole process to be a bit unusual . other people are saying that they can long press to copy , so not sure if the above is specific to sony roms .
use share from more ( 3 vertical dots ) besides address bar . you will get copy to clipboard from various options of sharing . ( android 4.2.2 on sony xperia z )
most tablets that comes with the Bluetooth share app installed , and have a bluetooth option in settings , while not having a built-in bluetooth , typically indicates support for such dongles . i have used generic android tv box ( cdr-king brand ) with no bluetooth built-in but has a menu for it . plugging a bluetooth dongle to a usb port activated it . based on this , your tablet 's rom does not support bluetooth . my advice is to root it , and flash a custom rom with bluetooth support if applicable .
sounds like os monitor might do what you want . i believe it just uses the top utility to get process info . screenshot : and note that tapping on one of the rows will expand it to show info like memory use , priority , and so forth .
i would recommend another way of fetching rss feeds to your cell phone : synchronize news reader to your google account ( to read news from google reader - it should be available there ) from your ' big ' computer add this url ( stackexchange-url to your subscription in google reader . you should see news from android . se in your news reader after its next sync with google reader .
you may have already done all this but i will detail the steps i just took to add this to my htc evo . it worked so maybe there is something different i am doing . first off i have never used the news app before . opened the news app deleted all default feeds clicked " add feed " clicked " add from url " entered in the url you have above clicked " done " feed appeared with 30 unread . then to see if maybe you had typed the url incorrectly on your device , i entered almost the exact same url with one letter off and i got a warning that the feed was incorrect . so since you did not mention this i am guessing thats not your issue . if none of this helped - can you add any other feeds or its just the android . stackexchange feed that is not working ?
this is a known issue with various galaxy s models after upgrading to 2.2 . i do not think anyone 's found the cause , but this fix should work ( did for me on my vibrant ) and is relatively simple . make sure to do a backup first if you want , preferably using clockworkmod / nandroid , because this will wipe out everything except your external sd card . and make sure you have good drivers installed . download stock 2.2 firmware , such as from this xda post for at and t ( first link ) or this xda post for rogers ( first link , " odin flashable" ) . do not unzip it . download odin ( for windows . if you have no access to windows , use heimdall and modify steps 4+ accordingly ) . download the 512 pit file . put your phone into download mode : take out the battery . attach the phone to your computer via usb . press and hold both volume buttons . while holding : insert the battery . click the power button . wait for download mode to show up ( yellow triangle with an android in it ) . start odin . load the firmware . zip file into the pda field of odin . load the 512 pit file into the pit field of odin . ensure " re-partition " is checked . make sure odin shows your device connected ( yellow box with text something like "0: [ com1 ] " ) . if not , disconnect the phone from usb and immediately re-connect . click start . wait till odin says it is done , then disconnect your phone . or if odin shows an error , reboot your phone and start from step 4 again . ( sometimes this just happens ) .
try pixelpipe , it lists both dropbox and flickr support .
for flickr , i prefer flickroid ( available in market for free ) . it is an extension from the share menu . for dropbox , i use the official dropbox app .
dropin is what i currently use to automatically sync all my photos and vidoes straight to dropbox , works well , does what it says and has some useful settings .
if you install the official dropbox app it adds a " dropbox " option to the share options in the standard gallery app . there is not an official flickr app for android at the moment , but there a number of 3rd party apps that allow you to upload from your phone to flickr , i have not tred any of them so can not give you a recommendation , you should be able to find most of them with this market search .
a new app dropsnap has been released that allows seamless automatic uploading to your dropbox account . automatic uploading is a paid for extra , but manual sync'ing can still be had with the free version . for a full review see here
download the voice choice app in the google play store ! https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.voiceplushl=en and you can set up google voice automatically for select numbers , or even groups of contacts , and then have your mobile number be your default for everything else .
there are a few options available , depending on what your needs are exactly . option 1 - manually route specific calls through google voice before i had a smartphone , this was how i routed all my calls . basically , for every contact , i stored their regular number as well as a google voice number . the gv number was my own gv number , followed by a wait , then a 2 , another wait , and finally followed by the contact 's number and a pound key . in effect , i made a macro . ex ( my #: 1234567890 , bob 's number : 19876543210 ) : contact : Bob primary : 19876543210 secondary : 1234567890W2W19876543210# if you only have a few contacts that you wish to call via your google voice number , this option is very simple . it does add some extra time to call them , as your phone does not connect directly to your contact , but rather connects to google voice , then " manually " dials the contact 's number . note that you must have certain settings set up in google voice ( the website , not the app ) so that when you call your own number , you get the google voice menu system instead of leaving yourself a message . also , if you require a pin for your specific phone , you will have to modify the setting , or add a pin to the macro dial string . fyi , this was how i got unlimited ( outgoing ) minutes as well . since i could choose up 5 numbers to dial without using minutes , i simply chose my own google voice number as one of the five . since all my calls went through gv , my carrier simply saw me dialing the same number all the time . option 2 - add a widget to simplify google voice the google voice app has several widgets , and one of them is a 1x1 icon that rotates between the 4 calling options : Always use Google Voice , Only for International Calls , Ask Everytime , and Never use Google Voice . this is the option i used to prefer , and i have actually used this in the past . it is very useful to quickly switch phone numbers , and you do not need to go through the hassle of opening the google voice app and finding the specific setting . just click the widget until it is on the setting you want , and call from there . option 3 - use titanium backup pro to make a separate profile with the paid version of titanium backup , you can create multiple profiles for apps , essentially giving you the ability to have multiple users . this is the option i use currently , as it reduces the number of clicks i need , and it allows me to have multiple profiles on a specific set of apps i want ( such as games , lists , and google voice ) . i can switch from my normal profile to my guest profile ( for example ) so that i can hand off my phone to a family member to play games without messing up my own progress . set up a second profile that has google voice on for all calls , and make your primary profile never ask . when you want to use google voice , just switch profiles . there are other apps that let you do multiple profiles , and i know some of them are free if you only want a total of 2 profiles .
you could use a so called " app locker " like e.g. app lock , which allow you to protect selected apps with a pattern lock . a more restrictive way would be to turn your tab into a " kiosk device " ( details can be found following the kiosk-mode tag ; just 6 questions , so it should be easy to browse ) .
by default , as soon as wifi gets connected , the mobile network shuts down -- so you cannot use both simultaneously . which means : no , even a proxy allowing for exceptions would not do , as the other network simply is no longer available . quoting from cyanogenmod tracker : each time you activate wifi you will lose 3g connection . that is normal behaviour of android network manager . there were attempts on " hacking " that , as you can e.g. find here . this source from the stanford university also makes clear on the standard behaviour : given wifi is connected , then turn on 3g data connection . 3g connection will be automatically torn down by connectivity service . given 3g is connected , then turn on wifi connection . connectivity service will tear down the existing 3g connection . except from " hacking attempts " as described by the stanford example , i know of no solution to the issue .
rssdemon imports opml files . justreader says it does , but i could not find it and have asked the dev about it .
android does not have a built-in rss feed reader , but there are many rss feed reader apps ( and websites ) that will happily import an opml file . if you want to use a website , or an app with a website-synced back end , then google reader is very popular , and you can definitely import opml files into google reader . on your device you can then either visit the google reader webpage , or use the google reader app , or one of the other many android apps that sync with google reader . to import an opml file into google reader , click the cog/gear icon in the top-right of the page , then click reader settings and then import/export . you should then see the option to upload your opml file .
there is the bluetooth pan profile which allows just that . it is included with cm7+ and from android 4.0 onwards ( or already 3.0 ? ) . bluetooth pan 's host ( the device that provides the internet ) acts as a router which does nat + issue dhcp adresses for its clients . there are also bluetooth dun profile apps that allow this ( they provide a virtual gsm modem and may also allow for more than 1 connection at a time ) : see host+client bluedun apps from mirko solazzi
just re-root . your bootloader is still unlocked , so nothing is preventing you from doing so . the nexus root toolkit should do the heavy lifting for you if you want ( just press " root" ) . manual steps would be : download a custom recovery , like clockworkmod , and save it to your computer download the superuser/su package for arm and copy it to your phone reboot into your bootloader , either by holding volume down while turning on your device or by issuing adb reboot bootloader from a pc ( plugged in via usb with debugging enabled on the phone ) use the fastboot utility to install the recovery image from your pc via : fastboot flash recovery /path/to/recovery.img  reboot into recovery ( boot into your bootloader , then press either of the volume buttons to cycle to " recovery " and press power ) . install the the superuser zip file from your recovery menu reboot . you now have root . in general , if you do not want to lose root , do not install ota updates . you can try apps like ota rootkeeper or superuser 's in-built functionality , but there is no guarantee that it will work since it depends on exactly how the ota is applied . some devices ( the kindle fire is one example ) will actually wipe the entire /system partition when performing an update , making ota rootkeeper apps useless . the only guaranteed method of updating and keeping root would be to wait for a repackaged ( rooted ) version of the ota to appear on somewhere like xda and then flash that from your recovery , or repackage it yourself .
as far as i know there is no way of doing this directly . however you have a few options : enable google 's backup ( Settings -&gt; Privacy ) . it will sync your settings and app list to the cloud , as well as any app data for apps that support it . if you are rooted , use titanium backup . it can save all your apps and data , and you could put the backup on your sd card . you will not want to restore the data for system apps between two different phones though , since they are unlikely to be entirely compatible .
sorry to hear your hassles however it is actually good news that your phone works well without the problem sd card . since your phone runs like crap and reboots you may be forced to use a computer sd card reader to salvage what you can . i hope someone can make sense of those log files , otherwise maybe mounting your sd card on a desktop pc and running scandisk for errors ( depending on your platform ) . but i would backup all the data i could from it as soon as i could to your computer hd . this is one of those times we hate computers and they remind us to back everything up 3 or four times ; ) you can use apps like http://www.appbrain.com/ to make an online version of your apps . as for your data you could sync with a dropbox app or some other kind of sync app i use sftp on my linux desktop or cygwin ssh on windows with https://market.android.com/details?id=dk.tacit.android.foldersync.litefeature=search_result good luck
may be some apps is running from your sd card . instead of internal memory . some of your application is stored in your memory card that is the reason . apps like : . . .
i had a similar issue and resolved it easily enough by carefully reading the short messages that were regularly popping up on my screen informing me just what apps were causing my phone to " force close . " in my case the culprit was the volume+ app . as soon as i uninstalled volume+ the phone was right as rain .
it just simply means that the memory i.e. 2.89gb is available over your external storage , and yes the reason why your device is showing you that you have no space available because its looking at the device internal storage . i would say to fix this error try moving all the music , videos , apps ( if its available for you ) to the sd card this error will fix up .
how to find the activity ? activities are listed in the .apk file 's Manifest . this is e.g. explained in run android application from command line . the linked page gives a short example : the activity is listed in the &lt;activity&gt; element , which also holds the intent to be called ( in the contained &lt;action&gt; element ) . how to investigate the Manifest ? now for the tricky part , as we are no developers : how to view the Manifest ? luckily , we can get some help from the playstore for this -- e.g. in the form of an app called app detective : app detective and appexplore ( source : google playstore ; click images to enlarge ) as you can see in above screenshot , this app allows the user to investigate the Manifest files of installed apps , but does not stop at this . ressources , libraries , signatures , and more can be looked up . alternatives worth mentioning are the manifestviewer and the appexplore . pick your choice : ) so what is the main activity of google keep ? using above " investigation methods " , kevin figured out it is com.google.android.keep.BrowserActivity ( see below comment if you do not believe me ; )
it is the " menu " key on your keyboard usually located right next to the right " ctrl " key . ( it is the key that opens the right-click menu on windows )
i know that my phone -- htc 's evo -- actually has a diagnostic tool thats sole purpose is to drain the battery as fast as possible . open up your dialer and enter : *#*#3424#*#*  you do not need to press send or anything . a recent update for the evo blocked these tools so hopefully you can still access them . you can also look up device specific codes if yours happens to be different . rooted users have found a way to get these tools back . the utility turns up brightness all the way , prevents sleep , turns on the camera and flash , turns on the gps and constantly polls it , etc . basically everything that can drain the battery but not damage the phone is done ( ie it does not constantly vibrate because that would probably be bad ) .
this question is along these same lines : what causes battery to drain faster than it can charge ? so there may or may not be an app designed to drain the battery but you probably just need to turn on an app that uses the gps . this will help to fully drain your battery but i do not know that doing so before recharging will extend the battery life .
video looper . no permissions required . works for me . [ update ] in addition to video player above , just found a " loop one " option buried in the options of mx player
do not do this . you are actually harming the lifespan of your battery when fully discharging it before a recharge . see this site for a discussion of how depth of discharge affects battery life . the only reason you might want to fully discharge before a recharge is if you have a nicad battery that is susceptible to the memory effect . your smartphone most likely uses a lithium-ion polymer battery , so there is no good reason for you to totally discharge your battery . the lifetime is longer if you have a shallow depth of discharge .
activating wifi-network sharing should empty the battery in a couple of hours . after the first couple of charge cycles the battery should be at optimum performance . how this works i do not really know . but after the initial couple of days i had a little more of use out of a fully charged battery .
slideme supports paypal . but i dont know what their " inventory " looks like compared to android market . you could try to get the paypal debit card and link that to a google checkout account , if you can . . .
andappstore , but it does not offer anywhere near the number of apps as google 's market .
the critical failure seems to be the use of a usb hub . on my transformer i can mount two different thumb drives and an sd card at the same time . the left port us usbdrive2 , even when only one thumb drive is plugged in . so it appears to me that it is a honeycomb thing mapping each port to a specific directory , ignoring the possiblity of usb hubs . unfortunately i no longer have a usb hub to test this theory on since my wife has watched one too many hoarders shows . the a500 only has one usb host , but it also has a microsd reader in additon . so an alternative solution you may want to consider is using a micro sd card in your camera in a sd adapter and then popping that into the a500 . a microsd card is quite a bit cheaper than a transformer + dock .
there is a " beta " version of cyanogenmod 7 for the optimus one over at the xda forums which you could try out . there also appear to be a couple of builds that are derived from cm but mix in different tweaks and patches to the kernel and whatnot ( one such build here , also gingerbread ) . cyanogenmod - if you are not already familiar with it - is essentially a vanilla android experience but with some nice additional settings and improvements . they build from the android source code and then add some patches of their own . i think one of the few plainly noticeable differences is that they use adw launcher as a home app instead of the stock gingerbread one , but i think the gb launcher is floating around on the market somewhere . adw is nice anyway , though .
heyy i got an answer . go to youtube and search for update p1000 to gingerbread select vio 's , and download the file watch the video . i had the same problem too .
the best you can do is power off the device completely , but do nothing for now , head over to samfirmware and download the appropriate rom for your region . once you do that , refer to the instruction on using odin . you should have the pit , and the md5 file , and also the csc file set up within odin . then press and hold the volume down button , and then briefly press the power button , the device should go into download mode . from there odin should detect the device , then start flashing as normal . disclaimer : i am not responsible , please double check to make sure you have the right check-boxes ticked within odin . if all else fails , refer to the xda forum another route : if you cannot get into download mode , try the hard reset - that is , ensure the tablet is powered off completely , hold the volume up button , and then briefly press the power button , the device should hard reset itself . and try the above again .
you should not worry about art or dalvik since you have no control over which one they are using . assume they are using the slower one and go from there . art is far off anyway and even after its out as the default for android it will still probably be years before its the biggest chunk of the market . and art is still in beta so who knows how good or bad it will be after they optimize/fix all bugs , etc . do not worry about art right now unless it causes your app to crash . scala can be slower but if it decreases your overall development time then just use it . scala 's compiler is still evolving and the possible gap in equivalent code is shrinking .
which version of android and which phone are we talking about :d ? on my htc desire running android 4.0.4 , in settings -> security -> passwords , there is an option saying " make passwords visible " . i do not use this but it might help you .
here is what i have done so far for each thing to backup ( for reference i am on droid 2 global cdma , os 2.2: contacts : open " contacts " i.e. " contacts a-z " click the menu button click " more " import/export selected " export contacts to:" -> " sd card " the file will then be exported to "/sdcard/00001 . vcf " . every time you export it will increment . the vcf file is one of the those standard types of files and is human readable , so even if you have problems later you can at least salvage the information . just connected by phone to pc via usb and copied . photos : i am not sure about third party apps or other versions of android , but it seems all of my photos are stored on the sd card using the dcim folder "/sdcard/dcim " which is easily accessible upon connecting with usb . calendar : it looks like it was using one of my account 's google calendars , i do not know if they permit a local only option with the default calendar . i plan to just export using my private feed to the next account or dealing with this separately since its not " not on the phone " http://www.google.com/support/calendar/bin/answer.py?answer=37111 after backing up the above and some specific apps with dumps , i decided to just go the root route ( z4root ) and i am now using adb to backup files (http://jonwestfall.com/2009/08/backup-restore-android-apps-using-adb/), i might also try titanium or make a image once i figure that part out . i will update others as i go .
there are a lot of problems here : the incredible 2 's software does not support usb host mode , so you had need to root your device and replace the kernel . windows software will not run on android even if the dependencies are present . you would need to entirely replace the software . android apps can not be written in fortran or matlab , there is no fortran compiler for android , and no version of matlab for android . so you had need to put in a massive amount of work here , including reverse engineering the device commands since i doubt it is open source . i would advise you to just use a laptop :p
as the previous answer states , android is a linux device , and so you would need linux drivers for this hardware , which i doubt exist . all in all , you would need : linux drivers framework support , and apis ( ie , you had need to actually modify the android framework , and create your own rom ) . an app , written in java ( and possibly c++ ) . this is a huge amount of work , and whatever results you come out with are going to be specific to the phone create it for . i personally do not think this is very feasible , though honeycomb/ics might reduce , to some extent , the need to make framework changes .
you can use apps like quick boot or rebooter or some root apps have this feature to go to recovery mode . . use them
i have run out of space in comments so let 's look at some options : 1 ) go to settings > apps then go to google play store and ' uninstall updates ' . then let the play store automatically update . try downloading another keyboard . 2 ) if you have error 110 it may be hardware related . thread on similar issue you may need to contact the seller or samsung on this issue . 3 ) if you have error 101 then perhaps google play services is to blame try installing this from the link provided , reboot and try installing another keyboard . 4 ) go to settings > apps and see if ' samsung keyboard ' or similar is there at all , it may be disabled or something simple like that ! ( it will say ' disabled ' beside it ) you can go into it an click enable in this case . 5 ) see if you can download any apps at all from the play store . pick something popular like " facebook " or something from a reliable source . if this also fails there is somthing more fundemental wrong here . 6 ) if you are a bit more adventurous you could pop to xda devlopers and ask someone to post the apk ( android application package , basically the app to be installed ) for your keyboard and see if you can install it . this is a bit more advanced and i think best left til last resort for now . i will talk you through it if you think it is a valid option . " side loading " is the term to look up !
hi i have gone through what i can in the list above , the main problem i have is that i cannot connect to my wifi after that factory reset as i have no keyboard and when i try to speak my wifi code into the mic it will not work .
i discovered that you have to touch the bit that actually says default keyboard not the greyed out button below . so Settings, language and input . tap the header default and then slide the use onscreen keyboard button to turn the keyboard back on .
maybe you can install new keyboard via recovery . i do not know what your device is , but you could try install this keyboard . you could use this " get the flashable zip here " go to recovery and install it . good luck .
it is possible to connect your device via usb to push an apk from the computer . there are a number of sites that allow apk files to be downloaded to a pc and file transferred this way . search google for " android keyboard apk download " for an acceptable one . once the file has been placed in a folder on the device , double click it to run " package installer " to install . you will have to enable the setting " unknown sources " in the security panel to install this way .
done : i backed up all my contents of my old emulator , created a fresh emulator using android create avd -t &lt;TargetID&gt; -n &lt;EmulatorName&gt; -a --abi &lt;CPU/ABI-Used&gt; to aid finding out the correct value of &lt;TargetID&gt; and the admissible values &lt;CPU/ABI-Used&gt; corresponding the same as per your choice of the api level , i used android list targets you will then find that the snapshot option is available , when you edit the same avd from the android virtual device manager . so check the snapshot . and when you launch , be sure you have checked " launch from snapshot " and " save to snapshot " options . now use the rm commands in the adb shell to remove the imes . ( i will make it clear soon how one does that ) you close and next time you open it through emulator command , it loads from snapshot and the permanence of the ime settings ( or for that matter any system settings ) is achieved ! ( p . s . : only when you change the hardware configuration will you need to actually reboot , in which case you cannot launch from snapshot as it was saved for a different hardware configuration ! ) as the question indicates , all i want is that my hardware keyboard is active and i really do not care about the 4 input methods there . it never occurred to me that i could simply remove all imes : here 's how : mount the /system folder . retrieve the apk names of the imes by going into /system/app and displaying its contents : next just do rm &lt;IMEapkname&gt;.apk  for instance in case of the japanese ime one executes rm /system/app/PinyinIME.apk  since this trick , for me , did not work thus far for the sample soft keyboard : i came out of the adb shell and did : adb uninstall com.example.android.softkeyboard  update : once you ensure that the snapshot has saved properly ( try launching from snapshot via terminal/avd manager , it must not produce errors ) and do not want to make further changes to the system applications or hardware configurations , do launch the emulator with the -no-snapshot-save option : emulator -no-snapshot-save -avd Andreud  so that you can launch from snapshot like before and avoid aberrations that occur while saving to snapshot ( lest it should produce error saying it was saved for a different hardware configuration ) . moreover you can save some valuable seconds it takes to save the snapshot . so this way your overall android emulator experience improves !
perhaps you had the google unread mail app on your old phone ?
certainly you cannot enter the beginning and the ending address , so probably you can try entering all the ip address from beginning to end
easy peasy : i was using adaway ( an app that blocks ads ) and somehow its tweaking of my hosts file was not accepted by python . yay ! :d
the android release matrix at androidspin is pretty comprehensive . there is also the pdadb .netrom respository , although i do not think it is as user friendsly as the androidspin db . last ( and least relevant to your question ) is theunlockr 's list of android roms ( i just thought it was worth mentioning ) .
it is routed by the carrier so even if your phone is off it will get appropriately routed to google voice . with non-android phones you have to type the carrier specific activation code into the keypad and hit send to make the change at the carrier level . the google voice android app takes care of this for you with a simple toggle in the settings menu .
the trouble i encountered was that the fastboot program could not find my phone even though it was in bootloader mode . the solution was to run fastboot as sudo , but then the problem changed to be that sudo didnt have the path to fastboot so i needed to give the explicit path to that as well : sudo ./fastboot devices worked ( when i was in the directory android-sdk-linux/platform-tools ) . so i figured that i needed to change two things in the setup instructions : run fastboot as sudo , and add explicit paths in the flash script . i have written a blog post that gives step-by-step instructions if anyone else needs this : how to update your nexus 4 to android 4.4
install this easy phone app into your grandmother 's cell and place its shortcut on the screen or the desktop of that android device . and tell her to just swipe that circle with lock off the screen ( i.e. unlock screen ) whenever she sees one , and touch on that phone icon in the center ! ( to activate the phone app ) . . . advantages : big font user interface . descriptive graphics . statistics : average rating : 4.4 of 5 . of 153 people 97 have rated it 5 stars . alternative- install this one tap dailer . features : it gives a speed dail like facility . meaning that , it creates a dedicated app icon on screen for each and every contact . that would be good if she has some few fixed people to talk or chat to . statistics : of 17 , 7 rated it as 5 stars .
to do exactly what you want , you can install tasker . you can try tasker from its website rather than from google play store and this allows you to test it for free for 7 days in a device . with tasker , i created a profile which watches for an event for screen-unlock and launches dial pad once it gets triggered . you can download the following content as an xml file and import it into your tasker installation to test .
art is still in development stage . difference between delvik and art : when android app is installed , the delvik virtual machine is used to compile and run the app . the compiled app is loaded in the ram . when the app is closed and reopened the process has to be redone . this method is called jit ( just in time ) in art unlike compiling every time , when the app is installed it is precompiled and will be stored in the device itself . this is called aot ( ahead of time ) this takes more space of your device and time to install . however this has a added advantage . since the apps are precompiled , android need not do the process again again thus saving processor and cpu and the app will launch faster . but since art is in development phase some of the apps will not work or crash or force close . to find the app which are compatible with art go here the detail explanation of delvik and art can be found here
art is still experimental . it is not ready for end-users yet : it is only included at all so developers can find problems with their own apps . it does not surprise me at all that games that make heavy use of native code do not work with art . you should ignore anything people say about the performance characteristics of art , for the same reason . it could get twice as fast or twice as slow ( or more ) before it is finally released and activated for all users , so the performance of the experimental version is only relevant for those engineers in google who are trying to make it faster .
chmod will never be supported . that is on purpose according to comments in the source code . here 's a reference to the fuse implementation on github pointing to a comment that says this . and the original head on googlesource ( a bit harder to navigate than github ) . even root cannot bypass it : note that ownership is hardcoded to media_rw:media_rw ( below /data/media ) . ps : /data/media is another story , all the regular permissions apply here , it is ext4 and root is allowed to do whatever it wants .
you have got it wrong . the fuse filesystem is specifically designed to remove permissions and case sensitivity . you cannot chmod in the /storage/* mount points . also know that if you change the permissions on the actual sd card mont point /mnt/fuse or the internal storage /data/media directories you will break the fuse system and thus the /storage/* mount points as well .
yes , you can do this . here 's how : note : i am on froyo ( android 2.2 ) , so if you are on a different version it may be slightly different . go to your home screen . choose settings from the menu choose language and keyboard choose android keyboard choose input languages select the english and german languages exit out by pressing the home key you are now set up for german and english . here 's how to test it : open the browser tap the address bar to bring up the keyboard long press the address bar ( or text field , whatever you want to call it ) look at the the space bar : it will have the following : &lt ; english > now swipe/slide your finger over the space bar , you will see it change to &lt ; german > once &lt ; german > is selected , you are now using the german keyboard . swipe again to return to english . enjoy .
what about installing an alternative keyboard , like anysoftkeyboard with appropriate language packs . ( it is free/libre/open-source software , and it is available from http://f-droid.org , which means that it was independently rebuilt from the sources . so you have another guarantee that it does not spy , by the way . ) configure it for multiple languages , and choose it as your default one .
as bryan has rightly said by installing third party keyboard apps will be helpful . try an app like the swiftkey keyboard . it has a multilingual keyboard support and is much better in typing when compared to the stock keyboard provided .
you should calibrate your battery : fully discharge your phone fully charge it when it is turned off disconnect charger and wait a minute connect it again and turn your phone on delete your data/system/batterystats . bin file ( with battery calibration for instance ) reboot your device and disconnect charger also , it is common problem , so try to google it yourself hope this will solve it for you
there are several rdp/vnc application on android , which can be used to " run " any windows application . what you basically need to do is fairly straightforward : setup a server or virtual machine running a windows machine install a rdp/vnc viewer on your android configure the viewer to connect to the server citrix and azure virtualization platform can be accessed by regular off-the-shelf rdp viewer . as an alternative , many open source or off-the-shelf virtualization software like virtualbox or vmware also supports rdp or vnc protocol for remote displays of their virtual machines . how to set up the server is outside the scope of [ android . se ] , try [ superuser ] or [ serverfault ] . once the server is setup , it is fairly straightforward to setup the android part , come back with a more specific question if you had trouble when you get there .
assuming that it has not changed since ics , you can go to : Settings \u2192 Language &amp; Input \u2192 Android Keyboard settings  you can enable another languages over there and then you can quickly switch by long pressing on the space bar or by tapping on " select input method " entry on the notification bar .
you have to uncheck the box that says " use system language " . i had the same problem , i had not seen that !
there are several apps available on playstore like this or this one . however , you can not change the full " theme " as such on kitkat . you can change the look and feel of your home screens , caller screen , etc with the help of launchers ( nova launcher , themer , etc ) .
basically , you can back up everything which has a " data provider " available -- as e.g. contacts , call-logs , sms , and the like . if you search the playstore for " backup " , it will give you a lot of apps for that . one of the best non-root backup solutions for this probably is mybackup pro , which covers most of it -- though there are a lot of apps offering to backup/restore parts . most other app 's data cannot be backed-up , however . some of them provide possibilities to export their settings ( and import them at a later point ) , others have dedicated backup apps ( i remember e.g. something like that for angry birds ) . for contacts and calendar , there is also the possibility to sync them with your google account . i would not , however , rely on the " google backup " for other things , as it is often reported to unsuccessfully restore . for that case , there are extra measures one can take . the easiest would be to logon to appbrain with your google credentials , and sync your installed apps . appbrain then allows you to save that as a list with their service : you can then use this list to restore all apps you put into it -- or you could even send it to a different device ( even a different user 's device ) for a " mass install " . in case you had some apps installed which are no longer available on the playstore , you could also take a look at appmonster : in its payed ( pro ) version , it also allows batch-install . plus , it captures each app you install/update and saves a copy -- which can be useful in the future as well : if some update breaks a functionality , you can ask appmonster to simply restore a previous ( captured ) version . and though this currently does not affect you ( as your android version is lower than 4.0 ) , just to mention for other users ( and your possible future device ) : starting with android 4.0 , there is the possibility for a full backup of non-rooted devices ( rooted users always have this possibility with titanium backup  root ) . data stored on your sd card should not be affected by the factory-reset .
try these : download the android sdk , and try the driver inside the sdk . check out this link : android lenovo adb interface driver
if you go through your apps list you can see all the apps that have permission to send texts ( or you could use appops to save having to click on every app ) , you can then narrow it down based on how reputable the app is , and/or doing web searches , once you thing you have narrowed down the app you can either , uninstall the app or block the permission using app ops , however if it was text secure that was the offending app , then you wont be able to tell as it has already been uninstalled .
seems so . if you have a look at android adb api i have used commands in batch scripts etc to install / uninstall . apk files etc ( agreed that is not the same as installing from the store but it is a start ) . . . and as for theming i am pretty sure you can do stuff with issuing intents etc to make that happen .
this could be done - but would need to either : 1 ) root the devices and allow system priviledges high enough to automate uninstall/install/create wihtout user confirmation 2 ) the user would need to confirm app uninstallations and installations - which would be almost as slow and laborious as doing the work manually . if you decided to go down the root and run route , you would need to write an app which could install the others for you or you would need to look into something such as nandroid which can be used to create an image of a working android device and return you a set of image files to deploy to other devices failing that , as james said - look at the debug bridge apis which could be used to accomplish this .
there is a very useful way to bypass the activation on this model of phone . when you are presented with the activation screen ( the little android ) , press the following corners of the screen in this order : top left top right bottom right bottom left you now have the option to completely bypass activation .
i had this problem because i manually ( via titanium backup ) uninstalled one of the system apps : the korean keyboard ( which , for me , is rather pointless ) . somehow that caused the upgrading process to fail , maybe because my system was not " intact " . after i restored the app it worked flawlessly . did you make any modifications like that ? if so , try reverting them .
go to Settings-&gt;About Phone ( this is the last menu item in the settings menu ) and find the version number menu item in the menu . 1 . find the android quickly tap the android version number several times and an android will appear on your screen : 2 . find the nyan-droid press and hold the android n the screen and it will grow . keep holding it and at the end a set of androids wearing ice cream sandwiches will fly across your screen , like so : enjoy ! !
to my knowledge-- all android stock browsers will keep the history forever . until the cache is manually wiped or wiped because of an ota update -- since i am pretty sure the updates wipe the cache before booting-- even still , i am pretty sure the browser 's cache is not touched in that process . i am quite certain you have nothing to worry about in terms of losing history . if you are running 4.0 . x ( i think it is exclusive to that version- you could check ) , you can get the chrome beta browser , which keeps your history in sync with your google account-- along with your bookmarks , and of course the history from any other machines you run chrome on . pretty neat .
try to search for google the appropriate kernel for 2.3.6 ( presumably you are running on 4.5.141 firmware ) . then flash it . when i say " flash " , i mean a flash by cwm . good luck .
from the wi-fi settings page , tap menu and choose advanced . from the advanced wi-fi settings , uncheck " network notification " . it is only for open networks , but those are the only ones that ics on the epic touch 4g reports .
try replacing this:auth_alg=OPEN SHARED for this : auth_alg=OPEN it just happened to me that my phone was trying shared key authentication ( ska ) , which is seldom used in favour of open authentication . by doing this my connection started working .
that has worked fine when i recently tested it with cyanogenmod 7 and 9 ( and also stock htc/samsung/motorola ) . just enter it into the usual passphrase input box but without any colons . just type in only the 0-9 , a-f letters . this should work then . here 's a sample wpa_supplicant . conf entry with a fake key/ap : note : 64bit correspond to 10 hex digits and 128bit correspond to 26 hex digits ( with wep standard ) !
my suspicions from the last part of my question were correct . . . unbeknownst to me i was using a micro-usb " charge only " cable ( i snagged it from a friend ) . . . i did not even know they made such a useless thing . some of these are actually more expensive then a normal cable .
this sounds like a file permissions issue on the data directory . the only fix would be to wipe , however if rooted and/or have a custom recovery , you should first try the fix permissions option . otherwise , you will have to do a factory reset .
no it is not . it would be also possible to make the modified package have the same md5 as the original , so this would not be too secure . one solution is to remove your sim card and use a vpn app like tunnelbear vpn to circumvent regional restrictions or an alternative market like amazon app store or getjar .
you need to root your device . also , you need to have and install the following : software ( apk ) 1 . usb/bt joy center hardware 1 . usb hub with power capability 2 . your generic gamepad 3 . usb otg after the installation of the apk insert your hub with power capability ( some tablets and phones cant give enough power to the joystick ) . when the usb hub lights up it is detected by the tab , all you need to do is plug your generic gamepad . now open usb/bt joy center this software will automatically detect your gamepad . ( trouble shooting ) when your device is not detected . restart your device with all the hardware connected . when your tab is already open , try reopening usb/bt joy center . i think this should do the trick .
i had some problems like yours with kies , and i really hate it , but it is an necessary evil for some tasks . here some things i did , try them : make sure you are running the lastest version of kies change the usb port you are trying to connect if you have another computer to test , try it kiesair or airdroid maybe fit your needs there is a google usb driver try reinstalling kies make sure the storage mode is on if none of this works , try contacting samsung
go to settings --> profiles . in the profile settings at the bottom is an entry for " system settings --> lock screen mode " . you can choose several settings , one of which is disable . you can disable lock screen by " disable " option or you can remove pin by " insecure lock screen " option . or turned off the screen , turned it back on and clicked on forgot in the right down corner . give google password and it will change lock method automatically back to slide . just try it .
in my case , i installed my own certificate which even on removing was some where present do not know where so ultimately i cleared up every thing and again tried to remove pin and it got removed . proper way would be settings--> security--> clear credential clear credentials is last option under security heading . and now u can change your pin setting--> security--> screen lock--> swipe/none whatever you feel comfortable with . enjoy :d
i have several contacts that act the same way . sometimes when i append the contact 's number 's label to the end of my spoken command it helps ; something like , " call john smith , mobile " or " call john smith , home . "
when u go into recovery try to wipe cache . . .
i gave up and returned the phone to the guy i bought it from on ebay , saying it was faulty . my conclusion was that it was an intermittent hardware fault .
format the sd card and flash the stock rom again . this would guarantee clearing out any spyware . here is a tutorial describing how to take it back to stock . "i say we take off and nuke the entire site from orbit . its the only way to be sure . "
i would suspect that there is no spyware on her phone . whatsapp shows when a contact is online or has last been online , so it is possible that the person assumes that when she is online , she is chatting with you . you can prevent this by opening whatsapp and going to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Contacts -&gt; Blocked contacts and adding the stalker to the block list on her whatsapp account . this should prevent him from seeing her whatsapp activity . otherwise , designerwhocodes 's answer is the only certain way of removing spyware .
sounds like you need to delete the widget , clear the data and cache for contacts storage , re-sync , and re-add the widget . that should get rid of bad data that is likely screwing things up .
i have had the exact problem on galaxy s3 . did eveything i read on the forums from rebooting phone , router , modify router settings e.t.c. i will cut to the chase i simply went on playstore and installed an app called wifi fixer which resolved the problem straight away and i have'nt had any problems since . hope this helps
create a new profile . the context has to be application -> co pilot . leave the tasks empty . ( you actually can not leave it empty but you can add some dummy task like : alert -> notify and add an if clause that will always fail . ie %asdasd12eqwe is set . when finish with the dummy tasks go to the profile and click the task ( where is the green arrow ) . in the opened dialog click " add exit task " . here you should add the task to close dailyroads voyager : app -> kill app -> dailyroads voyager . this should do the trick . although i must add that it is not really recommended to kill apps . i am not really sure why .
alternatively , replace the stock text/messaging app with something like " textra " from the play store . this will bring back the return key as standard .
i updated my rom to a cm variant ( slimbean to be specific ) and found this in the settings this worked for me . thanks bassmadrigal for the comment . from that i came to know of cm . my friend usually takes care of my rom , but now i see that cyanogenmod is an awesome fork of android custom rom . can i go ahead and accept my own answer therefore ? : )
press the shift key and see the change in the icon for the smiley . it changes to the enter key .
unfortunately you can not do so with golauncherex . your best bet would be to contact the dev team at their blog , or other forms of contact like twitter , facebook , etc . and just ask them to include this feature . as of right now ( mid-2012 ) i do not believe there is a launcher on the android that has this feature yet . feel free to contact the dev team . http://golauncher.goforandroid.com/ golauncher is really innovative and usually has features long before other launchers and updates frequently . they have a very active development , with the largest user base of all other launchers , so its not really out of the question for them to support this feature if asked . i do believe it would be pretty handy at times . but who knows how much of a priority they would make this innovation , as their is only 8 home screens and once you pull an icon over to another screen it automatically takes you to the overview of all home screens , so its a pretty efficient and fast situation . but the " go " devs love what they do , and love their user base so i do not see why they would not work on it if you asked . the only way to find out is to try and contact them ! : ) hope the best .
mugen power batteries released a usb desktop cradle with hdmi support for the s4 . unfortunately , it seems to be out of stock right now . you can try and tweet @mugenbatteries when they will restock . i bought extended batteries from them , and will usually give you a discount code if you ask . : )
a solution is a dock or mhl ( micro-usb form factor ) to hdmi adapter . a quick google or amazon search should find what you need under $20 usd if you go with a 3rd party and not samsung . note : some roms on some models of phones do not support hdmi out ( e . g . cm10 on the i9100 i have ) probably not be an issue on your s4 but if you have flashed a non-samsung rom you might want to double check .
you mentioned in your question that you do not want to buy any additional connectors . any reason in particular ? how unwilling are you to spend money ? resolution is not going to be the problem , it is latency . if you are absolutely adverse to paying , try running a vnc server on your phone then connect to it using a vnc viewer program on your computer . laptop magazine has a very good walkthrough here : how to control an android device from your pc . they reference vmlite vnc server which is $9.99 but you can find other vnc server programs that are free ( though several do not look terribly trustworthy , imo ) . you are getting what you pay for , however ; a cheap wireless solution means input lag . your games are going to be very hard to play and the experience will be generally poor . if you can manage a few dollars , then an micro usb to hdmi mhl adapter ( with 5pin to 11pin micro usb adapter for your s4 - be sure to read the fine print ! ) as referenced in gt7599a 's answer is the way to go . $15 ( ish ) plus an hdmi cable gets you a wired solution with very low latency . if you want something wireless but are also wanting to be able to actually play games , your best bet is an adapter that takes advantage of the s4 's wifi direct/miracast capabilities . that means a samsung wi-fi all-share cast hub ( $55 ) , netgear push2tv ( $60 ) , or similar . how much is it worth to you ?
i have had a similar problem on my optimus v , and according to other users of the rom , it is specific to the rom . sometimes the volume is max level no matter what . the temporary workaround is to actually turn the volume up all the way , then turn it down . as soon as i hear the volume blasting , i have to go against my intuition to turn the volume down ( as it usually is in the lowest setting already ) and turn it all the way up , then down . try that and see if it solves the symptoms . if so , the developers of your rom need to fix the underlying bug that causes the volume indicator to be out of sync with the actual volume .
i reccomend you contact the makers of pandora about this issue , as this looks like an app bug rather than a phone issue . i would suggest emailing them with as much info as you can possibly fit in . another option would be to check the settings in pandora - you may have missed an important setting that is causing this issue .
some developers use the android id as a way of verifying who you are . so if you do not restore the android id , you will have to re-validate certain apps . for example , google play music and netflix will see a new device tied to your account ( source ) . google play music limits the number of devices you can have attached , so people who wipe their phone multiple times to try out new roms may have problems trying to sync with google play music as they reach the 10 device limit ( source ) . you can deauthorize devices if you have reached your limit . in practice , it is generally best to restore the id if you are going to also restore apps via titanium backup . there is no upside to keeping a new id , and there are potential downsides if you do not restore .
if you are using google two step authorisation , then you can revoke the one-time password that you assigned to the phone remotely from your google account 's settings , i do not think that this is possible unless you are using the two step authorisation . go to your google account settings page , click the edit link beside "2 step verification " , click " manage application-specific passwords " , look down the list for the password assigned to your old phone and click the " revoke " link . next time the phone tries to access your google account , it should be denied access and your sister will see a warning asking her to enter the new password . if you have not set up the two step authorisation then , to do it directly on the phone , as long as the phone is running android 2.1 ( eclair ) or newer , then you can go into settings -> accounts and sync -> then select the account and you should have a remove account button at the bottom of the screen . once you have done this switch the phone off and on again ( just to make sure that no apps are running that have already logged in ) , and it should be removed . note that this will not remove all of your old data from the phone , it will just remove some of the google synced data , and stop anything new from coming down from ( or going up to ) your google account . to be sure that all of your old data is removed from the phone , you will need to wipe the phone with a factory reset .
if the account is the one you used to set up the phone originally , you will not be able to remove it without a factory reset . you will not be able to save the phone settings , but you can at least back up the apps and data using titanium backup .
it works fine on my s3 with android version 4.1.2 ( build number jzo54k . i9300xxemc2 ) . it might be a bug in samsung 's email client , which they fixed in the 4.1.2 update .
this time the correct approach , hopefully : xda mentions the stats being located in /data/system/netstats/* ( the statistic data you are looking for ) and /data/system/netpolicy.xml ( configuration of the applications that have restricted reference data ) .
after a lot of reading and trying various things i have managed to get control over my phone again . this guide sounds good , but it did not work for me as i have encountered an error because of my specific device . this might work with others though . what worked was this guide ( which has problems rendering images sometimes ) . i have tried first to unlock the bootloader ( blu button in flashtool ) and used the these instructions to obtain the unlock code based on the imei . after that i have downloaded a stock ftf image ( from goo . im ) , placed in the firmware folder of flashtool . then i could flash the ftf to the phone . also , because i was using windows 8 , had to reboot into trouble shoot more to change an option to allow non signed drivers . hope this helps others with similar issues .
that is the sd card icon not the sim card icon . perhaps your phone does not recognise the sd card , or the card needs reformatting to be used with the phone . or you do not have an sd card inserted . edit after further research : that icon is called " stat_notify_sim_toolkit . " it is used in just two places , both methods inside com . android . server . mountservice : notifymediaunmounted ( ) notifymeadiachecking ( ) tracing these methods backwards , i see that the mountservice calls them when either : 1 ) a volume is detected as not mounted 2 ) it is checking to see if a volume is mounted num . 2 should only take a few seconds at longest . so , " something " is not mounted properly , though i cannot guarantee that is the sim that is having a problem . you should remove and re-insert all plugable items ( sim , sd ) . another option recommends : settings > applications > manage applications > sim toolkit > select force stop button if this removed the icon ' temporarily ' at least it confirms it is a sim problem and not sd . edit 2 someone has a recommended solution for non-rooted phone 's here : ( i cannot verify this method as i have not tested it ) simcard notification icon fix for rooted phones simply use titanium backup and freeze the app : sim toolkit
called customer support and it sounded like a defective unit . they covered it under the 1 yr included warranty . they pay for the shipping label as well , all you need to supply is the box .
one solution would be to use an app like auto mount your sd card , which would automatically switch to ums ( usb mass storage ) mode when your device gets connected to a computer via usb . if you still want to manually decide , this seems to be provided by mountusb widget ( which is not free , but costs ~eur 1 ) .
a possible cause would be using a custom launcher ( adw , go launcher , apex , nova , launcher pro , etc . . ) . some of these launchers allow you to hide the status bar at the top , and trigger it with actions like double tapping the home screen , swiping up or down , swiping with two fingers , etc . . what might be happening is that you are unintentionally triggering the show/hide status bar . when hidden , you can no longer pull it down . if you are using a custom launcher , go to the launcher settings , there you will find an option that allows you to customize behavior . i can also tell you if the issue is with the status bar , it is most definitely not a hardware issue .
when you are done transferring these files , it is more important that you eject the device from the computer than it is for you to unmount the sd from the statusbar . once your computer says the device is ejected , the problem should be resolved after you unplug the phone-- if not-- you can transfer files via adb without ' mounting ' the sdcard . in this case , you would not disable the debugging option ( which you do not really need to do in the first place , btw ) . =d
you either have to restore it from backup if you have one , or reflash the phone , either with a third-party rom or an official one from your phone manufacturer . can not go into specifics unless you mention your phone model .
for those who tried many attempts in re-installing and rebooting but to no avail . this may be an alternative you can consider . this applies to those who ran install_drivers . bat and saw an error message regarding " . /android/adb_usb " . this error is caused by our user name in windows which has one or more spacing ( e . g . " home user" ) . this one or more spacing breaks the batch file written to assist you in installing the relevant drivers . solution is simple , edit the install_drivers . bat and include double quotations ( " " ) to all file paths which has %userprofile% ( line 9 and 10 ) if not EXIST "%userprofile%\.android\" ( mkdir "%userprofile%\.android\" ) copy drivers\kindle\adb_usb.ini "%userprofile%\.android\adb_usb.ini"  before re-installing your drivers , kindly ensure you removed the existing drivers via device manager -> android phone -> " android adb interface " ( or ) " android composite adb interface " re-run install_drivers . bat and then run run . bat your kindle should be ready for rooting : )
i had the same problem with kindle fire utility , and i actually figured this out . the install_drivers.bat replaces the driver , which is not what you want ! you need both drivers in place , the regular amazon kindle one , and the adb driver . to get it to work : uninstall the android adb driver in device manager ( right click to do this ) in device manager , right click the kindle device and select " update driver software " , then point it to the included kindle fire utility folder that has the driver /drivers/kindle then , it finally worked -- both drivers were in place -- then adb showed up as online and i could get root , and do all the other stuff with kfu .
if you have run the install_drivers . bat file , and still have this . . few things to do : 1 ) reboot computer/kindle 2 ) re-install drivers through kfu 3 ) re-install drivers manually .
well , i have not had this issue , and i am not experienced much . if you plugged it into your computer , opened kfu ( not sure if it would detect it ) , you can download the latest stock rom . then maybe all you had have to do is push it onto the sdcard through adb ? and then reload twrp ( or something to refresh the list ) and it would appear , and then you could flash it ? not sure if that'd work . again , not an experienced person with this , but maybe you can figure something out with my idea . :p
it is up to the app to fetch the proxy settings from the system prior to making the first connection . if a app does not do this and your local firewall prevents outgoing connections without the proxy , it will not work . you should contact your app developer about this problem and ask him to fix this .
i assume that you used adb push for uploading your executable to the sd-card . unfortunately the sd-card is always mounted with " noexec " which means that you can not execute anything from here . therefore you have to copy the executable to the local filesystem , e.g. to /data/local . in case the device is not rooted or you do not have busybox installed there will be no " cp " command . you can simply use cat : cat /sdcard/myprog &gt; /data/local/myprog . then you have to set the executable permission on the executable . chmod on android usually does not support the " u+x " syntax . therefore you have to call chmod 555 /data/local/myprog . afterwards you can execute your executable : /data/local/myprog .
most likely when the repairman said that " when you jtag the phone , all the phone memory contents are completely wiped " he meant that he only knows how to run " complete erase " script in his jtag software . but there is nothing preventing him ( or another smarter person ) from running another jtag script , which would dump all memory contents before erasing it . also i would advise against " complete erase " anyway - ap and bp share the same emmc chip and erasing it completely would destroy the radio calibration data . which would result in poor reception .
you can try out any of the backup app , that would let you have fun ! the thing that you are saying i recently lost all the emails on my laptop computer . and they were important business emails . many of those emails still exist on my android phone . as the mails on your device might get removed as soon as you connect it to the internet ( sync might do that ) , if you need to install a backup app better download its .apk file to your computer , and sideload it ( e . g . copy it to your sdcard , and start the .apk using any file manager , which would trigger the installation ; make sure to have unknown-sources activated for this ) . a good choice would be helium backup : it creates .ab ( android backup ) files compatible with adb backup , and there are solutions available to extract those on your pc . is there any way to pull the emails off and then drop them in to my mail program ? no , there is no direct way to do that  you could only forward them , which you do not want . then i do not think there is any other way to do this . you can either create a backup file to just save the emails , then forward them . that is the only way to get back your emails , but still you will lose the time , sender name and other ! and it will be replaced with sender as : you , time : current time , body : body will have the email included as signature or something like that . that is it ! good luck , cheers .
had this very issue earlier tonight myself . the 51-android . rules needs to be world read-execute , and it is probably best to run service udev restart ( or reboot ) after changing this , then re-plug your device . if it still does not work , double-check the vendor id you have supplied ; with your android device connected , run lsusb . htc also use the vendor id 18d1 on newer devices .
if you only need to work with devices on a very infrequent basis , you can restart the adb server daemon as root . ./adb kill-server sudo ./adb devices please note that it is not a good idea to make the daemon run as root - any security issues in the daemon will now have root access and any user on your system who can run adb ( not just your user account ) can access the devices - as you are basically ignoring all permission settings in 51-android . rules . as of note , you do not need to be root to shut down the server - just use ./adb kill-server again .
i had this issue myself when rooting my kindle fire and i did : $ cat /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules SUBSYSTEM=="usb", SYSFS{idVendor}=="1949", MODE="0666"  then in my ~/.android/adb_usb.ini file i added 0x1949  where 1949 is the vendor id for the kindle i believe . and after restarting the box , adb devices shows my kindle . or instead of restarting udevadm control --reload-rules and adb kill-server &amp;&amp; adb start-server should be sufficient .
there are several approaches to accomplish this . ready-to-use tools like juicedefender or greenpower " stutter " data ( i.e. . turn data and sync on only in certain intervals , as you requested ) . the same could be accomplished using an automation tool like tasker or llama , which then could be used for other automation as well . apart from that , you might want to check what you have enabled to sync ( see : settingsaccount and sync ) . maybe you do not need to sync all of that , so you can uncheck parts . i found that about have the stuff enabled there by default i did not want or need . less stuff to sync also means less power needed for the job . and bandwidth saved as a side-effect .
if you are adventurous and know your way around odin ( samsung 's firmware flashing tool ) , you can go here to get the correct regional firmware for your s3 . you can also download odin from the same site and use it to manually flash your device with a new firmware . doing it this way , the firmware you installed will be the " vanilla / bare-bone " release from samsung that does not have all the crap if you installed using a carrier 's custom android firmware .
galaxy s3 i9300 is international version . look at the s3 variants . s3 belongs to specific carrier has specific model numbers according to country and carrier . are you sure about it was an unlocked version ? ?
currently gmail released new app 4.7.2 with auto show image feature by storing all images in specific server ( correct me if wrong ) . see here link to apk file
as for latest version 4.7.1 ( 946962 ) , there is no way to show images automatically for all messages . but for version 4.7.2 ( 967015 ) it is possible . see my other answer to this question for more details . in version 4.7.1 ( 946962 ) it works as follows : by default when you receive a message , it does not show pictures and it displays a button to allow pictures for this message . if you click this button , all pictures will be displayed for this message , and there will be a button asking if you want to show pictures for all messages from the same sender . if you click this button , the sender will be added to picture approvals list . you can clear such list from settings menu , as indicated in the following screenshots . this way all messages will return to default layout ( do not show pictures ) .
good news for you : google is currently rolling out gmail 4.7.2 ( 967015 ) , which allows to show inline images without using the steps described in my previous answer . here is what you will have to do : download gmail app update . you can either wait to be rolled out to your device or download it from this page ( because in this case it will be an app sideload , you will have to make sure you enabled installation from unknown sources before ) . when installed , by default it will behave as previous version , i.e. showing the show pictures / always show pictures from this sender links , so you will have to configure this to not happen ( do not worry : this is done only once ) . tap the overflow menu on gmail action bar ( not the message one ) and select settings . then , in settings screen tap your account . in your account , scroll down to data usage section and tap images . by default it will be selected ask before showing , so you will have to select always show . go back repeatedly until you get to your inbox . from now on , when you open a message , you will be able to see inline images without confirmation . notice : this images setting ( always show ) will override the picture approvals state , so if you clear picture approvals as shown in my previous answer , you will still see inline images in all messages , until you change the images setting back to ask before showing .
this post will explain everything . it details how gpu rendering works in ics . https://plus.google.com/105051985738280261832/posts/2fxdcz8x93s though , if you want a short answer : gpu rendering essentially forces the drawing of windows and ui elements in apps to be calculated and done using the gpu of your phone instead of the cpu . this frees up clock cycles for the cpu to do other tasks enabling your phone to be generally smoother and faster . however , this means that everything being done by the gpu eats more ram ( as its using opengl to do it which requires more overhead ) . android has always done some aspects with the gpu using hardware acceleration . what i have described is a major oversimplification . its not so cut and dry . please read the link above in its entirety for a full understanding of the concept .
vnc uses simple protocol , called rfb , you can read more here : http://www.realvnc.com/docs/rfbproto.pdf basically , it is a simple client/server based network protocol , server listens for clients to connect , once a client is connected , clients send mouse/keyboard information to the server using packets . the server parses the messages , and inject key/mouse to the local system . we released a new vnc server , vmlite vnc server , first vnc server working on any android devices : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.vmlite.vncserverhl=en
please be aware that home screens do not rotate . as well as this , developers can request their apps are only to be used in portrait mode - they therefore will not rotate automatically . if you really want to rotate your screen , you can download the set orientation app , which will allow you to force your screen to rotate , based on a default orientation setting , or your sensor .
you can choose when , and how often , you want your application to check its license and you have full control over how it handles the response , verifies the signed response data , and enforces access controls . from http://developer.android.com/guide/market/licensing/overview.html so yes basically whenever the developer wants it to . i would imagine the most common time to check is when the application is first opened . your application does not query the licensing server directly , but instead calls the google play client over remote ipc to initiate a license request . in the license request : your application provides : its package name , a nonce that is later used to validate any response from the server , and a callback over which the response can be returned asynchronously . the google play client collects the necessary information about the user and the device , such as the device 's primary google account username , imsi , and other information . it then sends the license check request to the server on behalf of your application . the google play server evaluates the request using all available information , attempting to establish the user 's identity to a sufficient level of confidence . the server then checks the user identity against purchase records for your application and returns a license response , which the google play client returns to your application over the ipc callback . so : the information about the application , the device and the user goes off to google 's servers . google then checks your name against the list of people it knows have paid for the application on google play . ( it could also check the name of the application against a list of applications it knows that you have downloaded from google play ) if it can see that you have downloaded ( and paid for ) the application from google play it sends back that you have a license , if not then it tells the app you do not . obviously this is all done online so if you are offline then it will not work . if i was writing the application i would have a counter to let the person to use it offline 3 times or so before having to go online to get the license check in order to stop the kind of thing happening to you where you can not play offline . of course if someone digs into the file where the counter is stored they could change the value back to 3 tries every time they use it and never have to pay but that is probably beyond the technical competence of most users .
it is nice to have a phone rooted ( geeksphone and maybe others do this by default ? ) , you can use firewall apps and titanium backup , and other system apps . superuser lets you restrict what apps can be root .
i would check with the operator , and see if they root their phones by default ( it is a perfectly valid thing to do , it is just that the big operators tend to be control freaks ) . if they do not know what you are talking about , worry and ask them for help figuring out what is going on . i would also go into superuser and check it is preferences . since you do not know how it got there , you do not know what apps might be doing . turn on it is logging ( if not already enabled ) and set ' automatic response ' to ' prompt ' . that way you will have a log of what is using it , and you will be prompted for anything that wants to do things with root access . the idea is that if something asks for root access and you do not know why , just deny it and see what breaks - very few apps should need root access , so it should not come up very often . if logging is already enabled , then you can review the log to see if any apps have been using root access .
it is not specifically the phone app . you can not enter a space into any field where the app has said it is expecting you to type a phone number . on the samsung dialer , you can use a * to match a space in a contact 's name e.g. 6453*56637 to match mike jones . i do not have an s2 to check this on , but that is how the dialer on the s3 works , and i would expect they are both the same .
it seems that you have selected dropbox as the default for uploading files . you can test this by going to Settings -&gt; Apps -&gt; Dropbox and tapping Clear defaults . now , when you open your browser and try to upload files , it should ask what program you want to use to select the file . in my personal opinion , you should only upload files from your device , since not all apps support uploading via the browser . if the file you need to upload is only on dropbox , you can download it from the app by long-pressing the file and selecting Export -&gt; Save to SD Card .
move to sd is disabled android 4 onwards . also app2sd appmgriii etc all are useless . i found best solution to this problem after a-week-long search on google i found this very useful new app called foldermount see : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.devasque.fmount of note , you need to root your phone . root it by easiest means mobogenie i tried it on 3 folders ( in free version only 3 can be tried ) and then immediately bought the pro version ; its worth . . just cleared lot of place on my galaxy mega 6.3 .
you could try to " repair " the bad blocks and see if that works . below is the windows and linux methods for doing it . repairing will not fix damaged parts of the card but flag them to ignore . windows : plug your device into a windows pc . Start&gt;Programs&gt;Accessories-&gt;Command Prompt if on vista or newer , right-click and choose to runs as administrator . if on xp , just run it . find the drive letter for the device . let 's say it is " g:" drive . enter chkdsk G: /r linux open a terminal ( applications-accessories-terminal ) and give the command sudo fsck -a /dev/sdd1 ( replace /dev/sdd1 with the actual partition device for the micro sd card ) ( fsck = file systen checker . ) failing that you will probably need a new sd card . if it is the ' usual ' fat32 corrupting ( which it does a bit ) then you may be ok , but if any of it is damaged then it will need to be replaced .
i have had similar trouble with a different device . after you plug you device in try : adb devices  if your phone is not listed , try restarting adb : adb kill-server adb start-server  lastly , check if there are any driver updates for your phone . a good place to start looking for drivers is google 's oem page and samsung 's support page . additional tips might be found on this so question .
this is the real issue cyrus had ( we tracked it down via interactive chat ) : the phone has obviously some race condition between plugging usb in and usb ready . plugging in basically gives 2 events : power connected event ( start charging battery ) usb connected event ( enumerate devices etc . ) if the host system asks for usb enumeration too quickly ( before the power-connected event has settled probably ) , then that operation fails and the device stays invisible . the workaround is to slowly insert the usb cable . reason : usb has 4 pins , the 2 outer ones are +/- and protrude longer than the inner 2 data pins . if inserted slowly , there is a time gap between the power-connected event and the data-connected event
if you unlock the phone ( as presumably you did to get it on metro pcs ) , you should be able to flash the virgin rom and activate it on virgin . however , you should call virgin and ask ! they can best answer this question , and you will need them to activate the phone on their network anyways .
it is generally below 5 minutes , anything over 10 minutes is probably considered a wrong flash . read the instructions given by the developer and than try again . if it still does not work as for help in the roms thread ask they will be better suited to help with specific questions about your rom than us .
i believe you had do this the same way you download apps available for other devices , by editing the build . prop file on your device ( requires root ) . see my answer here for more info on that .
in the contacts app ( or phone app if you do not have a direct link in the launcher ) press the ' menu ' button then select ' display options ' . you should find two categories to choose from , ' sort list by ' and ' view contact names by ' .
wifi direct can be used on all android devices . android 4.0 and higher comes with this feature pre-installed . if your device runs an older version of android , you can find many apps in the google playstore to enable direct file sharing service over wifi . go for superbeam , fast file transfer , wifi file transfer , etc .
create a new task list just for groceries in your google account at calendar . google . com . there are several apps that will sync the google tasks on android and iphone . one downside is that each device must be logged in to the same google account . they do not have a way ( yet ) to share task lists .
google drive ( ne google docs ) . just create a simple document . there is a google drive app for android , of course , but even without the mobile web version works pretty well ( which i would expect you had use with the iphone ) . windows and mac can use the desktop browser version of the web app .
use astrid . its native app is available for both android and ios . you can access your to-do list on pc/mac using web . collaborative sharing is allowed with unlimited no . of users . users can also leave notes on tasks for other users .
there are about one bazillion apps like this . i have got a ( somewhat outdated ) list at google docs .
these are not files but invalid file entries , caused by a corrupted allocation table on the sd card , which in turn is caused by a bad sector . a bad sector on the card is a good sign that card is defective and should be replaced . you can try recovering some files by running a disk check program on pc .
try super bt mono . it does not explicity say that it works for non-ad2p headsets but i believe that is the whole point of the app . there would be no need for this app with a headset that has ad2p . edit : whoops , that is for froyo only and you are on eclair . basically you need to find an app that will stream audio over the hsp profile instead of ad2p but i could not find one for you . you have 3 options as i see them : get android 2.2 on your phone and try super bt mono froyo pro root your phone , load cyanogenmod and try super bt mono pro buy a headset that supports ad2p ( they can be as cheap as $30 ) sorry i could not help more .
yes , you can . everything is possible . just call the toast multiple times in the code . i put the toast code in a method , and i call that method 3 times back to back to back . toast stays on the screen for a good amount of time , and i get the visually effect i want . simple , works for me . if it is gonna leak memory or cause my user 's phone to blowup someone please let me know .
i love it when i can give these answers ; ) simple answer : no , this is not possible . long answer : toasts are built into apps , and are low level . there is no way for 3rd party apps to catch toasts , and there is no way to view them longer . this could be possible if you made your own custom rom however .
the values of LENGTH_SHORT and LENGTH_LONG are 0 and 1 . this means they are treated as flags rather than actual durations so i do not think it will be possible to set the duration to anything other than these values . if you want to display a message to the user for longer , consider a status bar notification . status bar notifications can be programmatically cancelled when they are no longer relevant .
no , however some apps lets you set a time that a toast message stays on screen . ( . . . i think . )
in this thread , the poster was unable to find the cause , but was advised by samsung to factory reset . according to the thread , phone info appears to be a hidden app with many permissions , perhaps malware .
this appears to be something of a bug , either in ics or the galaxy nexus ( though i am unsure which ) . unbeknownst to me , there is a " system volume " level that controls , among other things , the output of ui sound effects . this volume level does not appear to be modifiable within the normal system settings , but you can modify it with third party apps . based on this information ( which i obtained from an xda thread ) , i downloaded volume control + from the play store and launched it . the very last slider on the interface was for " system volume " , and it was set to a value of 0 . once i cranked it back up to the maximum , my ui sounds began playing normally again . i do not know what causes this to become muted inadvertently .
while websites can not directly access the gps , then can get the current location from the device ( but of course only if the user has granted the permission ) . i think that this is done via html5 's gelocation api , but i am not sure .
try any audio manager app from play store . audiomanager audio manager
go to settings > applications > manage applications . select google play store from the list . select clear data . then try using google play again .
if you are using Xamarin.Android in Visual Studio 2010 , you can enable Keyboard Support as follows : close your avd in vs2010 , go to Tools &gt; Start Android Emulator Manager select the AVD Name that you want to add Keyboard Support for , then click the Edit button in the Hardware area , click the New button in the Property dropdown , select Keyboard support , then click the OK button the Keyboard support Property is added to the Hardware list . change the Value from No to Yes click the Edit AVD button
i had the same issue after upgrading the developer tools ( v20.0.0v2012 . . . ) . all of a sudden none of my android virtual devices would accept any input from my physical pc/mac keyboard . this is how i fixed it : eclipse > Window menu > AVD Manager select your virtual device and click Edit under Hardware , click New select Keyboard Support then click OK edit its value to yes now you have to click off onto another item in the list , like " abtract lcd density " or something . this seems to make the ui keep the " yes " change . my other avds that do not have this " keyboard support " hardware property added do not accept my physical keyboard input .
please try the following settings . my environment ( target : android 4.0.3 - api level 15 ) successful . avd - edit - hardware : - new . . . - keyboard support - yes avd - edit - hardware : - new . . . - keyboard lid support - no
you need to change the config . ini file in your . android directory . this file is found under the main hard drive directory . from there , open the avd file and you will see a list of virtual devices . open the desired device and then open the config . ini in notepad . then copy this text : " hw . keyboard = yes " ( minus the quotes ) and then save and close . the next time you open your emulator , you should be able to use the keyboard . you can also open up the hardware-qemu . ini file in the same directory as the config . ini and then you can see a list of all the hardware options . change the hw . keyboard from " no " to " yes " . hope this helps !
as a few have indicated here , the pc keyboard should be enabled for the avd emulator instances . judging by what the emulator page on android developer says about key commands and such , it does not appear there is a way to enable/disable pc keyboard usage within the sdk . your best bet is re-installing the sdk then , and try again .
this answer is for those who built the emulator from source ( i.e. . following instructions from source.android.com ) . you need to modify a property in the following file : external/qemu/android/avd/hardware-properties.ini  in the following section of that file change the default value from no to yes : then rebuild ( using make ) . at least this worked for me .
try ctrl + f11 or numpad 7 . that should enable your keyboard , unless is disabled from somewhere else .
that button is for replying to a tweet
there is an application called root uninstaller pro 2.7 , with the sole purpose of allowing users uninstall either system or regular applications . to download it to your phone via wap : visit http://wap.mobiles24.com on your wap enabled handset select download by id and enter 552004 click download item other links : root uninstaller pro 2.7 android app apk google play :: root uninstaller pro ( small price )
when you reply in the same conversation , that reply should go to the same number . is it not ? check that number shown on the very top of the conversation . it is the number you are currently replying . if you click that number the contact ( or popup ) will open showing all the numbers attached to that particular contact . you should be able to choose a different number to message with this option .
you can also install the software directly from the android market . but you will not be able to start it easily . you can use adb to start the app as described here i recommend myphoneexplorer . you will also need to install the desktop program and then start the app on your phone as mentioned in the link above . be mindful of any optional toolbar that might ask to be installed on your desktop though . update : i did not need to start the app on my phone , merely connecting the cable was enough . galaxy s2 on gingerbread 2.3.3 ( rooted , but that should not be a factor ) .
you can install any software from the market / google play . log in using the account used on your device and you can install any software . the app will be automatically downloaded ( pushed ) and installed onto your device when the device is online . via usb i think you can only access such information in case the usb debugging is enabled on your device . with it enabled you have access to the file system and further options via android debug bridge ( adb ) . but as your device is defect it would be much simpler to just buy or lend a cheap device and use it instead . . .
probably you werent running the specific firmware on which the cm port for your phone was designed to be installed on . check if you had missed any steps in the tutorial . if your phone gets stuck at the bootlogo or bootanimation , you can try to do a factory reset from the recovery mode . if the problem still persists , try flashing the stock firmware and then installing cm . if your phone does not respond at all while attempting to switch it on , its hard-bricked . the only way to recover it is by using jtag . you need to disassemble the phone for this method , so it is better to take it to a service centre . here the bootloader is rewritten to the device using a riff box . watch this video to see how it is done : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b_zaehafjme
navigate to Settings &gt; Application Manager &gt; All then select Reset App Preferences from the menu . try if this works , it worked for me for some other apps .
lets say if your play store is also showing the same disabled beside the app ( for the default app of yours ) then you have to reset the application preferences of the other messaging app . in order you understand this first let us understand the concept of android preferences android preferences come into picture as your device is having more then one application that does the same task and the operating system has to decide which application must be used as a default ex :-let 's say you have the default music player and for some issues you have downloaded another music player application from the play store . due to this there is a conflict arising for what should be the default task to be done . this is shown by the os when you click on an . mp3 file . if you choose to open the downloaded mp3 player as default . it will show how to reset your preferences in the future . ( application> preferences> de-select the default app for the task ) i suggest you can simply reset your other messaging app preferences for you to enable the default app . as doing the complete reset is troublesome for you to set your preferences again else if your default app is not showing disabled for both the messaging apps then there is a problem with your android operating system for which you need to do a simple factory reset .
unfortunately you can not change the number of screens and still use the htc sense ui . at least not in any of the versions i have seen . you can uninstall it or turn it off , but then you will not have free access to all of the htc widgets , if you like those . if you really want the performance kick you will get from less screens in total , and therefore using less ram , you will have to go back to vanilla android . simply using less widgets , as you have done , will certainly help somewhat . i feel you pain too , i really only need 3 screens for my favorite widgets and folders , bit i kind of like some the the htc widgets .
in general , the less widgets you use on your home screens , the better performance your phone is going to have ( less processing for widgets ) . if you want to reduce the number of homescreens , then i suggest switching to another home launcher such as launcherpro which will let you change how many homescreens you have . launcherpro has some similar widgets to htc 's sense too .
use go launcher ex . i am using it for nearly as long as i have the dhd . very customizable , lots of themes and widgets even own locker screen ( go locker ) and : it is free !
i have managed to do it on harmony developer board using adb shell : adb shell "mount -t ext2 /dev/block/mmcblk3p1 /mnt/sdcard" 
you cannot use anything but fat for the external sdcard . android will not mount the card if it is not fat .
you can also download the already done virtual machine from bash blog , they created a froyo vmware image . . . http://www.bash.ch/2011/04/android-22-froyo-in-einer-vmware.html the virtual machine has only 100mb
here 's a link to to android 2.3 ( froyo ) live cd : http://android-x86.googlecode.com/files/froyo-vm-20100812.iso . it is a small image ( 53.6 mb ) , i ran the live cd on vmware workstation and it worked like a charm .
i think its easier to get arm processor images than it is to get the x86 ones . i have been able to use the android virtual machine that comes with the software development kit .
the easiest way of running android and testing android application on x86 machines appears to be using the android virtual machine that comes with the latest sdk . with reference to a recent question , huh ? jdk not found ? ( on windows 7 64-bit ) , there may be a problem with the latest android sdk . exe installer . you can try to download the zip version of the installer , then run " sdk manager . exe " place to download the sdk : link : http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html note that you need jdk to run the android sdk link : http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/index.html and as @afrazier mentioned , android-x86 is a definite option but the lack of drivers make it difficult for most of us to use the os properly . . .
android-x86 seems to be the most current project , with nightly builds available at http://android-x86.moonman.dk/ i think the lack of activity one sees is not so much a licensing/warez problem , it is just that the os simply does not work too well with desktop systems yet , being highly phone and touch-centric . that and there is simply not a lot of interest for it yet . i do not know if this project has the google apps ( particularly market ) baked in or not . if not , that is another major piece that significantly reduces the usefulness of this os . finally , there would be the problem of getting drivers for all the various hardware made available . considering android 's linux base , i am not sure how easy or difficult it is to do .
i already written full tutorial here : how to run android 2.3 gingerbread on vmware and virtualbox very easy and could be done in 5-10 minutes only . . .
as dymotaos wrote , all possibilities to mount remote drives on your android device probably require root . but you do not have to deal with the command line and parameters , as the playstore offers some apps which can help you with this . one of them is cifsmanager , which can deal with windows shares 1 , a second one would be mount manager , which additionally supports nfs 2 : while cifsmanager is completely free , while mount manager in its full version costs you about 3 euro .
it should be possible . you would certainly need root . if you could mount your network share onto your phone , you could mount it under /mnt/sdcard/network_share . then your tv would simply browse that folder . to your tv , it would simply look like another folder on your sd card . this post shows how to mount nfs on your phone . you may need a special version of busybox . busybox mount -o nolock,ro,hard,intr,vers=3 -t nfs 192.xxx.xxx.x.x:/your/nfs/share /mnt/sdcard/network_share 
the easiest way to achieve this is to install a 3rd party calendar app which uses the google calendar backend , and tell that app to not show that specific calendar , while leaving it enabled in the default google calendar app ( acalendar would be a good and relatively light-weight choice here ) . as the google calendar is responsible for the alerts , you still would get them ( and the corresponding notifications ) , while its content would not disturb you working with the 3rd party app . i do something similar , and use the mentioned app , so i really can recommend it . to the detail question : synchronization is what the name suggests : updating changes made on either side ( for a disabled calendar , obviously only in one direction ) . it is probably separated from ( de ) activating a calendar so you can activate it up-to-date even when having no network connection -- just my guess , but that would make sense .
encryption is certainly something that was introduced with honeycomb on tables , and ics on phones . there was no encryption for gingerbread . at least nothing that was released .
gingerbread 2.3.4 rom added support for device encryption , but the feature was not accessible from settings until honeycomb ( tablets ) and ics ( smartphones ) . to enable device encryption in gingerbread device , you need to add an exchange account . not sure , but it should be accessible through api too . there are also some hacks to enable device encryption directly in gingerbread : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1405165
i am not too keen on the why , but sh on cyanogenmod is a bit watered down . as joachim noted in the comments , usually you can modify PS1 to change your prompt , but it does not properly expand prompt variables : however , cyanogenmod does ship with a modified version of sh called ash ( i believe this is for android shell ) , which does support a subset of these prompt variables . here 's some examples of what does and does not work , with local echo removed for the sake of clutter/space : as for tab-completion : i do not personally know of a way to make this work . i imagine the main problem is actually that the adb shell buffers input up until you press enter , so the tab is not actually sent to the shell program when you hit it . a good illustration of this is to open a file with more . the q key exits the more program , but you actually have to press q and then hit enter to quit because the initial q keystroke is not sent until you press enter to send the whole buffer . okay , ssh is a different beast . assuming you have a reasonably sane client ash will give you tab-completion along with the prompt variable expansion noted above . if you are using dropbear ( the ssh daemon that ships with cyanogenmod ) then you can configure ash to be the default prompt by logging into your device ( either ssh or adb shell works here ) and doing the following : # echo "/system/xbin/ash" &gt; /data/dropbear/.profile  this assumes /data/dropbear/.profile does not yet exist , because it will overwrite any existing version ( this file is not created automatically , though ) . it can be edited instead if the file already exists , of course . then restart dropbear and log in again . you should land at an ash session :
sorry , now i see the small microphone icon and globe icon for setting the speech language ( keeping the globe pressed allows you to choose which languages to toggle back and forth between ) on the soft keyboard that comes up .
you should be able to use google voice to do that . you can set it up so that when someone calls your voice number , both your phone and your tablet ring .
you can use your google voice number and receive calls at any computer . the following snip comes from google 's web site for google voice : make and receive calls in gmail google voice lets you manage all your phone communications and seamlessly make and receive calls on any of your existing phones . but what if you dont have your phone with you ? or what if youre in a place with poor cell phone reception , or youre travelling internationally and dont want to incur expensive roaming charges ? wouldnt it be great if you could use your computer to make or receive calls ? starting today you can use gmail to receive or place google voice calls . to get started , check the box next to google chat in your list of forwarding phones and the next time someone calls your google voice number , gmail will notify you of an incoming call . you can take the call or even listen in as the caller leaves a message , in a single step right from your computer there you go , straight from the google 's mouth . ; - )
this booster probably deleted all the cache files from your phone and as a result you do not see the thumbnails of your previous photos . go to sdcard/DCIM/  and delete the . thumbnails folder and restart your phone . that should bring back your thumbnails .
make sure the device is not connected to power through the usb . take out the battery if the device is on to turn it off . put the battery back in . for about 10 seconds hold the volume up , home key , and the power button to turn it back on . keep holding until the android system recovery menu loads . use the volume down button to navigate to wipe data/factory reset press the button with 4 squares ( menu ) . another menu will appear to confirm you want to wipe the data . use the volume to navigate down to yes and press the menu button . reboot the phone through the menu .
my solution for so uses an undocumented feature ( an easy trick when there is no documentation whatsoever ) : longtouch the search bar , add it as a search engine , and then use opera 's own search bar for such sites . a trick you may like with so is to do this multiple times , then manage search engines , click on one of the so ' engines ' , and modify it so that you can readily add e.g. [android] to your searches . it may feel like a workaround , but the result is more comfortable than what i was used to on desktop systems .
a software update fixed this problem . must've been a bug in opera mobile .
here 's one more experience for anyone looking this up : i can get cwm recovery to boot from rom manager , but attempting to boot it manually by holding down x did not seem to work . i got the exclamation mark mentioned here , but the search button did nothing to bring up a menu . however , doing all of this with a usb cable plugged it , then getting all the way to the exclamation mark , i pulled the battery while still plugged in , just for a second or two , then put the battery back in . it automatically rebooted correctly into recovery without the exclamation mark . this is on a droid 2 global running various different versions of cwm recovery . edit:or of course , from the link in another answer here , try up and down volume at the same time instead of search button .
i found that the following sequence works : while on , run adb reboot recovery from command line . this will restart into standard android recovery . ( if your device is not seen , start at #2 and come back . ) take battery out . unplug usb . hold power down for 10 seconds . ( someone theorized it discharges the capictors . ) plug usb cable in . put battery in . this starts the phone up automatically for some reason . it then loads clockwork recovery automatically . i do not know why this works and clockwork recovery did not provide a standard method to start . this would work in the middle of a failed install of cyanogenmod . after a flash to a stock sbf rom , it no longer worked .
these are the steps to boot your droid 2 phone into recovery mode should you need to . turn droid 2 off press ' x ' on the physical keyboard and then press and hold power button until the exclamation point/android picture shows ( after motorola symbol ) . to access menu options press the " search " button depicted by the magnifying glass on the keyboard and the menu items will show up . browse options with the volume up and volume down keys and select option with the camera button all on side . select first option of " reboot phone " or risk messing up your brand new droid 2 ! edit:- the link to xda forum that explains you problems and one more thing if its android recovery that is loading then it means that the cwm recovery is yet not installed hence this is the video link on how to install it ( cwm )
if you " long-press " in the text field , one of the options that pops up , along with select all , copy all , etc is input method select that , and it should let you change your keyboard settings . most android keyboards also have a way to quickly change the language on the keyboard itself . on swype , you long press on the q to change language , on the samsung t9 keypad there is a " gear " button in the bottom-right that lets you change settings . do you know which ( t9 ) keyboard you are using ?
in android 2.2 's stock keyboard , a long press on space bar then swiping left or right should allow you to switch between languages you selected on Settings &gt; Language &amp; Keyboard settings &gt; Android keyboard &gt; Input Languages &gt; Select Multiple Languages . note that it depends on your manufacturer , carrier , and rom whether your phone will have the dictionary for the languages you want to use .
downlaod the android 2.3.4 user 's guide . read " change the keyboard language " on page 35 . on the android operating system , the keyboard language selection is specific for models that use a customised android version as for example is the case with htc phones . the nexus s uses the standard version issued by google , for which the quoted link applies . i can not find a user 's guide for the latest android version 2.3.6 but the procedure for setting more than one keyboard language and the procedure for language selection when writing texts is the same as with android 2.3.4 . does this answer help ?
from wikipedia : battery life ( talk time and standby time ) of active dual-sim mobile phones is reduced , typically by about a third . for instance , device manufacturer samsung declares a standby time for its champ duos e2652 dual sim phone of 476 hours when used with one sim card and of 322 hours when used with two sim cards . to compensate the shorter battery life , some dual sim phones ship with better capacity batteries , for example newer lenovo p780 have a 4000mah capacity . wikipedia also describes different types of dual-sims , such as : pseudo-dual dual sim shift : accepts 2 sims ; only 1 active at a time ; 1 signal bar dual sim dual stand-by ( dsds ) : both active ; 2 signals , but only 1 call at a time dual sim full active ( dsfa ) dual sim dual call/dual talk : both active ; 2 signals , and can process both calls at the same time . i think this one would consume the most battery . update 2013-09-23: the answer to your 1st question is no , as described in the quoted wikipedia text above . for your 2nd question , i do not know , but i assume it would not run since there is no sim . probably also the reason why it consumes lesser battery .
the problem is solved by restarting the phone .
take a look at this forum : http://www.htcforums.com/desire-x/12477-updated-4-1-1-no-fm-radio.html . the only other way ( i know ) to get a fm radio on your device is to root it or install an . apk from outside the play store .
use spirit light . works well on desire , excellent app .
you can not ( at the present ) . there is no command in voice recognition for typing to specify that a common noun is a proper noun and it needs to be capitalized . however , this service seems to be in beta version ( see the link below ) and we can expect some improvements soon : https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/1407892 for now , android speech recognition is focused on recognizing commands such as " go to " , " send email " , " set alarm " , mainly for the use with google now . in the link below are listed the voice action commands that are recognized actually : https://support.google.com/websearch/answer/2842392
/system is almost always read-only by default . just remount it as r/w : # mount -t ext3 -o rw,remount /dev/block/mmcblk0p25 /system  there is also at least one app that will attempt to do this for you , but it may not work on all devices . another option is to use adb root ( if your rom will allow it ) to restart adbd as root , then simply issue adb remount . on roms where adbd is already running as root , the first command is unnecessary and adb remount will work right off the bat . from a pc : C:&gt; adb root * Some response about success * C:&gt; adb remount Remount succeeded  as to why it is getting blown away , is your device nand unlocked ? many htc devices will attempt to restore their /system partition to a stock state if they are nand locked , making changes to /system fleeting at best . that is something of an educated guess , but the fact that you noted that you are using visionary to temproot seems to support that hypothesis .
there are two ways i think you can do this , in the android app , click on the layer selection and go to the my maps layer , where you should see your private maps . if you want to access your bookmarked address , from the main maps screen , click the menu button and choose the bookmarks option . ( not sure about bookmarks , i have a french ui , so it shows as ' favoris' )
you might try the ultimate rotation control app -- when i tested , i found that it could force any of the apps i tested to rotate . it is a seven day free trial , then requires a license purchase ( us$2.99 ) . it turned out that i did not really consider the app that inspired me to download this any better when force rotated , so i did not purchase , but your mileage may vary .
i have not tried this myself , but it seems to be possible using the xposed framework and its appsettings module  provided your device is rooted . from its announced features : force orientation ( portrait/landscape/auto )
the only real way to control these apps is to remove them . android does not provide any fine-grained settings to control the odd behaviors of individual apps .
if you are rooted , install autorun manager . make sure you have busybox installed and use Advanced Mode of autorun manager . it displays all receivers of an app as well as intents to which receivers are registered . from there , you can disable a receiver of an app , too . but , you had need pro version if you want to disable more than two receivers .
libreoffice is currently being ported to android . it is reported they are making good progress , but i could not find any planned due-date yet . according to the article linked , they focus on having a viewer ready soon , and add the " tons of features " later to make it a full-featured office app . see also here for the original source , including some screenshots . apart from that , there seems no app currently available to effectively handle opendocument . true , there are tons of office apps on the market/playstore , but they all stick with the ms formats . which leaves us to hope for libreoffice coming soon to the play store . . .
the boot animation wont change since the boot animation where a series of images . in /system/media you will find the bootanimation.zip if you open the zip you will find the images replace the zip with your own boot animation of portrait images . there are plenty of tutorial on how to make your own boot animation .
if you are getting ics update from device manufacturer , its ok to upgrade . it'll be usable on small screen because you will not get bare vanilla rom . . manufacturers put their own skins over it . so , if sony ericsson is pushing upgrade to xperia mini , their custom skin would take care of usability . other than this , you will get performance boost with ics upgrade . there're other benefits , too . so , i would recommend you to upgrade . best of all , would you like to be out-of-date ?
it is android based , i tried same commands on moto droid and htc mytouch , both worked exactly the same .
i entered # #info# # on my captivate and got to the same menu . so , in the interest of adding to the list &#42 ; #&#42 ; #1472365#&#42 ; #&#42 ; gets you to the gps configuration menu ( not sure what word that works out to )
there are many that seem to be " standard " , but they can also be added by individual applications ( e . g . provider-installed ) . check out http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=540483 for a method to extract telephony codes from your installed apps .
sure . multiple options , all involving tasker : requires two things : autoremote and tasker . with that combination running on your phone , your tablet can request to enable the hotspot via . . . uh , internet . so this will not work if your tablet has no mobile data . so let 's substitute autoremote : if your phone has nfc support , you could stick a nfc tag to your tablet , and use apps like trigger , nfc retag , again in conjunction with tasker , to trigger the hotspot . of course this would require nfc to be turned on . if bt is turned on on both devices , they are paired , and set to automatically connect : tasker has a " state condition " registering when a bt connection is made ( bluetooth connected ) . you can specify the device as parameter . so as soon as the two are " close enough " , this could turn the hotspot on . as this only recognizes when the connection is made , to " reverse " ( i.e. . turn the hotspot off ) , you had rather use the wifi connected trigger ( reversed , i.e. when your tablet is no longer connected ) .
for example , those that are on earlier version of android ( possibility of it not working on android 4.3 ) there is an app called keep in pocket : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.momodalo.app.keepinpockethl=en this lets you tether your tablet to your phone automatically . and as a bonus , you can see any sms and calls incoming from your phone , displayed on the tablet .
you could install a 3rd-party app like go sms pro to replace the stock messaging app . this would allow you to customize the font size , colors , backgrounds , theme , and others .
go to your messaging app on your front screen or where ever you have it placed and then once you are on it go to the bottom left corner on your phone and tap it and then hit settings and scroll down and it says bubble style or background style and there you go you changed it and you can also change your messaging background
go to the messaging app and hit the settings button . you will see bubble style and background style . when you select bubble style you will see options at the bottom of the screen that you can scroll through ( the top option is the look for your outgoing messages , the bottom option is the look for received messages ) . when you select background style there are a few options to scroll through at the bottom of the screen as well .
the facebook app ( at least as of july ) simply does not support the transformer . it is pretty bad on a tablet anyway , and i do not even use it on my xoom . however , some solutions you could try include : try to download facebook from a different app store ( amazon , slideme , etc ) . you may also be able to use market enabler , though i am not sure if it will bypass device restrictions . there is a question that discusses this already . you could try the about:debug trick to switch your useragent to " desktop " . that is discussed here . this works on my xoom and allows me to view the chat bar . you can install opera mobile and then go into the settings and select the " desktop " user agent ( press the " o " button , then Settings-&gt;Advanced-&gt;User Agent ) . this also works on my xoom . other browsers also allow you to switch the user agent string , so these may also work ( dolphin , for example ) . you can use a third-party im client like trillian , which supports facebook accounts . facebook chat is , i believe , xmpp under the covers , so other chat clients will probably also work . if you want a tablet-oriented facebook app , i recommend friend me , though it does not currently support facebook chat . friendcaster also has a beta version for tablets that you can try out .
i advise you to use the application gps test , where you can see ( in a bar chart ) the satellites your device sees and how good the reception is for each satellite . if the gps of my device is working , the first satellite shows up in less then 5 seconds or so . then i gradually see more and more satellites appearing , with a lock taking something like a few minutes ( or much less ) . if my gps is not working , no satellites appear , not even after 10 minutes or more of waiting . ( however , take care , as the app does sometimes show old satellite charts , but you can easily see this because the reception values for each of the satellites remain constant , while they normally change every second or so ) and yes , the gps icon stops blinking once it locks on a position . that is when the latitude and longitude values are available .
i have the same problem on an htc desire hd . after the update from android 2.2 it has been been much better . still if you switch of location services or go abroad and and do not want to pay your massive roaming data charges you are pretty much out of luck , even with precached map sections in google maps . without the data connection the gps functions poorly , and takes up to 20 minutes to lock . considering that most free-standing gps devices , lock within about 1 minute it is very mysterious . a cynic would say , this is a deliberate android " feature " to ensure that google gets to collect as much location data as possible .
i had same problem with my htc desire s and nexus s , i has tried all options listed every where , the only thing that worked for me is uninstall gps status application and reboot the phone . now i never get any lock problem .
i was able to get a fix by doing the following : remove any rubber-case or any case for that matter as most of them affects the reception of the gps transceiver go outside . do not attempt to do this inside your house . go to settings -> location and turn on " use wireless networks " and " use gps sattelites " . ( connect to your wireless network now ) download and install the " gps status and toolbox " app . launch the app . press menu -> tools -> manage a-gps state press reset press download reboot your phone ( not sure if this is necessary ) . re-launch the app ( make sure that both gps and network are turned-on ) leave your phone ( while the app is running ) in a place with clear line-of-sight for about an hour . watch a movie , drink coffee , whatever . just leave it for an hour . btw , you should see a few satellites after 30 seconds but without locks ( no long/lat ) . after an hour , you should get a lock if there is at least one satellite . after your first lock , it will be faster ( a matter of seconds to a minute ) to get your next lock . and oh , you no longer need to use " wireless networks " on your consecutive locks so you can just turn that off . good luck !
samsung devices have download and recovery modes with buttons combo to enter them . i do not know what it is for your tab , but usually for samsung devices it is vol up + home button + power button . make sure the device is off before doing so . once you enter recovery , just factory reset the device . as long as it is bootable , this could make it work .
if it has a removable battery , remove the battery , put it back and run it . else wait for it to discharge then charge and turn it back on . if none of these solve your problem , boot to the recovery menu and factory reset your device .
doubletwist was built for a similar purpose and does the job well . to use it , you can simply install the mac app and the android app and use their doubletwist sync feature to synchronize itunes with android .
i would leave the phone in rice for the next 48 hours minimum before sending it away . that seems to be the trick as the phone is quite tight , and certain components may need more time before the moisture will evaporate . having opened a nexus 4 myself , i can attest to how tightly the plastic seals .
you may get what you want , if you find a model that includes this functionality already ( like e.g. the older archos g9 tablets did ) but it will not work out of the box for most models . there is the autopatcher project ( thread on xda ) that enables 3g dongles for modem-less tablets ( but it is limited to certain custom roms like cyanogenmod , aosp , rooted google stock android and others ) . regarding the power question : that is up to the exact model and you will need to find out by trial and error or get that info from searching google/specs/etc . the same applies to your last question ( but in general , those tv sticks are built to be plugged in and out and need to survive sudden power losses just as phones need to because they tend to run out of battery juice ) .
the desire supports sdhc which is upto 32gb so it should work fine . i have a 16gb in my droid and there is no difference noticable from a smaller card ( other than it having more capacity ) . if you were to find a bigger card ( i am not sure they have any in micro ) you had need a phone that supports sdxc .
a service like dropbox should be able to do this for you . it'll sync the files up to the web , and then your pc ( with dropbox installed ) should pull them down .
via email well of course this works , but i hope there is a quicker , better , more straightforward way .
with so many alternatives this days , the best options tends to be an application that allows us to work with multiple solutions . foldersync and the free version foldersync lite , both by tacit dynamics available from google play store , allows us to do just that : foldersync enables easy sync of files between cloud storage and android devices . foldersync is a application that enables simple sync to cloud based storage to and from local folders on the device memory card . it currently support multiple skydrive , dropbox , sugarsync , ubuntu one , box .net, livedrive , hidrive , google drive , google docs , netdocuments , amazon s3 , ftp , ftps , sftp , webdav or windows share ( samba/cifs ) accounts , and support for more platforms are planned .
the easiest way is this little software named sego for me : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.nex.sego
maxs ( modular android xmpp suite ) is able to exchange files over xmpp . note : according to the faq i have to disclose that i am involved into maxs . maxs is an open source gplv3 licensed android app . everyone can contribute .
gtalksms is able to send , browse and download files from your android phone via xmpp ( gtalk ) . it is also a remote sms notifier and has various other features . note : according to the faq i have to disclose that i am involved in gtalksms . gtalksms is an open source gpl licensed android app . everyone can contribute .
weatherbug ( free ) seems to meet your criteria . has nice widgets , multiple location support , and tons of weather stations . there is also a pay version ( weatherbug elite ) which removes ads and adds several additional features such as radar in motion and detailed hourly forecasts .
there is also the weather channel official app - which some users claim is more accurate than weatherbug . try both and see which suits you better .
if it has been more than fifteen minutes of purchase , you cannot refund an app via an android device . [ well , you can but via the desktop version in a browser . ] go to the google play store , click the gear [ settings ] icon and select " my orders " you have the option of then requesting for a refund , even if the app was bought a year ago [ i have tried ] .
all of the details on refund/cancellations are here on the google play support site : you can do the following : within 15 minutes , open the google play app and click refund wait 2 hours and do not download the app . it will auto-cancel after 15 minutes , sign into google wallet , select the transaction and contact the seller . they have the option to refund or not at the sellers discretion .
if you open the play store on your android device and go to that app 's page within the refund period , a refund option is available to tap . i am not certain if this is available in the web version of the play store ( it is not , as far as i can tell ) .
this happens a lot to me . i wish i had a more technical answer but it seems like the compass needs to be reset and shaking it hard for a few seconds usually resets mine . i have had to shake it , reboot , and reopen the app and it comes back fine .
have you tried calibrating the compass ? settings-> location and security-> calibrate compass
hold the phone flat and make a figure 8 , do this a few times . these are the instructions found in this app : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.apksoftware.compass
upgrading to gingerbread ( android 2.3 ) resolves this issue .
very possibly my solution has nothing to do with the real problem of this person , but the topic is the same , so i consider this answer may help someone : it is very common nowadays for ap 's ( access points ) to have dual-band frequency 2,4ghz and 5ghz and to assign same ssid for both bands . not all devices have 5ghz support and , even having it , they may choose the 2,4ghz band , since they may have bad signal at their current spot for the 5ghz . the point is that if you are accessing your lan from a different ap , or using different bands in the same ap with each device , your devices will not be able to use wifi-direct without engaging an adhoc connection between them , thus they will disable the wifi connection to your ap . the simple solution is to use different ssids for each band , and connect with both devices to the same ssid ( if both can connect to 5ghz , go for it ) . different combinations : a ) different ap 's same local network - wifi turned off to adhoc between devices b ) same ap different band - wifi turned off to adhoc between devices c ) same ap same band - bingo ! wifi stays on in infraestructure with my ap
i have installed go keyboard and deactivated the phone 's default autocorrect and spell checker . this seems to have solved the autocorrect dictionary problem , and i am happy . seems to be an issue with the factory software from huawei . . . maybe . dunno .
there is not a system setting , so the app smart rotator is probably the closest thing you can get , but yes , in the beginning , you have to set everything up yourself .
alternatively , my default recommendation for cases like this : tasker . use a profile like this ( abstract ) : condition : app ( select " youtube " , and optionally other apps you would like to have autorotate turned on ) task : display-> display rotation : set on this way , whenever one of the selected apps runs in foreground , autorotate is turned on -- and as soon as that condition is no longer met , autorotate is turned to whatever it was set to before . to make sure to have it turned off afterwards , you can add a so called " exit task": exit : display-> display rotation : set off hm , looks like currently i answer every 2nd question with " tasker " . . .
although this article is somewhat old ( 2011 ) , it goes over the concept of rooting and how rooting is done . rooting is basically exploiting a security flaw ( in phones which do not have have it exposed to public unlike the nexus line of devices ) to get the phone to execute code not from the manufacturer . http://seasonofcode.com/posts/how-rooting-works-a-technical-explanation-of-the-android-rooting-process.html
i also have the same tablet . i just installed a 32gb micro sdhc and it worked right off the bat . it came pre-formatted , i installed it with power off , and on power up it was recognized and mounted . polaroid 32 gb cl10 micro sdhc flash memory cards for tablet pcs and smartphones ( p-sdu32g10-efpol )
sent it back for repair . main board was exchanged and now it is working fine with the latest version . just bad luck i guess .
the honeycomb 3.2 update for logitech review fixed this .
i am not sure where you would find one , but you could try sideloading the flash player app from the play store as installed on another hc 3.1.0 device and see whether that can display flash content any better .
what is the partition format of the sd card ? fat does not supports symlinks , although i believe it should be possible to create a symlink in ext3 that points to a fat directory . also , there are operations that even root are not allowed to do , such as writing to a read-only drive or writable drives that are mounted read-only . what is the output of ' mount ' command ? also , your command looks fishy ; try using absolute path ( i.e. . do not prepend the path with ./ , instead prepend with / ) : $ su # ln -s /mnt/emmc /mnt/sdcard/external_sd 
it seems a database for the browser may bloat for some reason , if you are root you can check the files in /data/data/com . android . browser , see if one of them is unnecessarily huge , and move/delete it .
assuming by " internet " it means the default browser , then you should be able to go to browser settings to delete history and other cached data ( press menu button on the browser , then select more , then settings ) . as for contacts , if your address book are synced to your gmail address book , you can clear data in the manage applications . after a short while , the contact app will resync to gmail address book hopefully without the facebook contacts .
the reason for the different behavior is that dropbear was using a different shell than the terminal app . a workaround would be to just use the same shell as the terminal app : echo "/system/bin/sh" &gt; /data/dropbear/.profile  note that this is in contrast to the cyanogenmod wiki , which instructs you to use the busybox shell : /system/xbin/busybox sh
can you replace the pwd symbolic link with a script that just runs ' busybox pwd ' ? or would an alias work ?
there are several different vlc remote apps available which will let you control audio/video playback on your pc when you are connected to the same network . it is probably not for the un-technical , but it does feel very cool controlling your " stereo " from the other end of your apartment . you will generally need to : install vlc on your pc turn on the web interface by going to ( tools> preferences . . . > show all ( bottom left ) > interface> main interfaces> web ) determine the ip address of your computer ( run command , run ipconfig ) install a vlc remote app on your n7 ( there are a multitude , try a free one first ) your vlc app will have somewhere to enter the ip address of the pc to be controlled note , if you can configure your router to assign a static ip to your pc you will save much re-entering of settings . i suspect a camera streaming to a static ip you could browse to from any device on your network should be possible , but i am afraid i am even less sure about the other stuff . that said ; i suspect you might want to look into arduino .
for the lights and the cam , i use an app called netio , which can control any kind of hardware ( microcontrollers ) or pcs . . also ip cameras can be included . and the best part is , you can layout buttons and switches online . http://netio.davideickhoff.de
looks like this is a pretty common problem . one of the comments in the second link says that you need to change /sdcard to /mnt/sdcard . apparently android 2.2 changed the way the sdcard is mounted and the error you are receiving comes from /sdcard being a symbolic link in 2.2 rather than an absolute path . http://code.google.com/p/swiftp/issues/detail?id=86 http://code.google.com/p/swiftp/updates/list
i think you should try mail alert in the market ! it s a pager , where you can choose the ringtone / vibration / visual notification according to various filters such as from / subject / cc fields etc . for imap account , you can choose the folder to be checked , which seems to be your need if you created a folder by account .
by consolidating , i am going to assume that you are having gmail do a pop download of those other email accounts and bring them into your gmail inbox . if that is what you are doing , then i think the easiest way to have those accounts not notify you is to have them skip your inbox entirely and have a separate label applied to them . in your gmail settings , under " accounts and import " --> check mail using pop3 , you will have your accounts that you are downloading . for each account you do not want to be notified , use the " edit info " button , and set the account to be labeled , and to " archive incoming messages ( skip the inbox ) " .
i would suggest trying priority inbox , which can notify , vibrate , or ring on just your new important mail . switch to using the gmail app , instead of the standard email app . then go to Menu > Settings > Priority Inbox . additionally , mail filtering is a more " hands on " solution for this problem that both complements priority mail , and helps resolve the issue when using other email applications . for instance , in my gmail settings i created a filter for incoming mail addressed to one of my aliases . i set that mail to Never mark as important , Skip Inbox and apply a label . when email addressed to that alias arrives , i am not notified . but i can use that label to go back and read that mail at my leisure . the same can be done for your mailing list accounts , using the list: search parameter . gmail provides a few other useful search parameters such as has:circle and has:attachment .
i do this with multiple gmail accounts . load the email account that you want to skip notifications . click menu , then find settings . uncheck the box labeled " email notifications " . that account will no longer sound a notification , nor show up in the notification bar . you can still browse and read all email just like you would expect .
enotify from verietas provides this exact capability . it lets you create alerts that match various rules . one of the available rules is the account . so you can play sound x if from your gmail account . play sound y if from your yahoo account . but it lets you do so much more than that . . . you can play different sounds based on the sender and subject and all sorts . . . there a free lite version too if you want to check it out . cheers .
i would simply turn off email sync for those accounts specifically . you can do that by going to Settings -&gt; Accounts and sync , selecting the account , and unchecking sync gmail . you can still check mail manually through the gmail app , of course . edit : the newest version ( 2.3.5 ) of gmail now supports turning off alerts for particular gmail accounts .
i had problems with my texting immediately after leaving the cricket store . this may not be your problem with the conversion , but as far as people not receiving mms , try fixing your apn . you will have to research how to do it on your phone and get the correct apns for your phone carrier , as i do not have access to that specific phone . this may at least help you with people not getting mms from you .
this sounds like it may be something your carrier is doing when the number your calling is busy . if i call a number that is busy , i get a busy tone .
i believe this is device-dependent and is not necessarily managed by android . the template wpa_supplicant.conf in /system/etc/wifi/ on my vibrant says this : by default , wpa_supplicant requests driver to perform ap scanning and then uses the scan results to select a suitable ap . another alternative is to allow the driver to take care of ap scanning and selection and use wpa_supplicant just to process eapol frames based on ieee 802.11 association information from the driver . this is controlled by setting the ap_scan variable in the in-use configuration file , /etc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf . mine is set to 1 , which is the default above . so i guess the question is , at least for my device , how does wpa_supplicant select a suitable ap ? it selects between networks based on explicit priorities given in /data/wifi/bcm_supp.conf . for networks in the same priority group it selects based on " security policy , signal strength , etc . " though the exact algorithm is not given . in the case where ap_scan is 2 and scan_ssid is 1 , the algorithm is simple : the first available network in the list is selected . new networks are added to the file in the order they are encountered from what i understand ; it does not list individual aps , so i assume they are handled dynamically according to whatever algorithm the supplicant is using . i know that does not fully answer your question , but hopefully it is useful .
worked like a charm for me with the 2nd option ( web service convertion ) on this page : http://faked.org/isms2droid/ im running the latest itunes 10.5.2.11 and win 7 32-bit enterprise . my iphone runs ios 5.0.1 my android is a xperia arc with android 2.3.3 what i did was basically create a pc-backup ( used to run icloud but changed that option in itunes ) , look up the needed db-file ( according to the guide ) , convert it with the web service and then load it on to the android phone memory-card , and then use the sms backup and restore to restore the sms-database . only problem i had , was that all the sms-es that had been sent or received with imessage was corrupted . apparently they dont store phonenumber with these posts and therefore all these messages where put in a " unknown " thread , with no date connected to them . regards /jimmy
it looks like you need a program called " sms migrator " from " anttek inc " . i have never tested the program , but it looks like it does what you want for a fair price . android market explanation : after install this app . , check-out http://a.baole.org/home/sms-migrator to see how it works .
if you have rom manager before , then you can install any rom which you will find on different sites
on my rooted device i was able to start connection once and it never worked again . command is : android# pand --connect XX:XX:XX:XX:XX:XX android# netcfg bnep0 dhcp  alternatively if you know the address of remote device - let 's say 192.168.101.1 android# ifconfig bnep0 192.168.101.1 android# route add default gw 192.168.101.1 dev bnep0 android# setprop net.dns1 192.168.101.1  i am not sure why it stopped working for me . maybe i will restore factory image , root it and try again .
if you are only interested in looking at http requests , then it is possible to do that by installing a web proxy and configuring android to use it . however , that is not completely reliable , as not all apps respect the central proxy settings : firefox is an example of an app that does not . a web proxy does not require root , but the user has to set it up by hand : you can configure it automatically only if you have root . if that were not the case it would be a bit of a security problem in android : a normal app could eavesdrop or otherwise interfere with other apps ' network communication . of course , even for real packet sniffing , you only need to root the device if you want to install the sniffer on the device . to see the device 's network traffic , it is much easier and more convenient to install a sniffer on a desktop linux machine acting as a ( wi-fi ) router .
if you have a compromised kernel , then it does not matter whether you have root or not . packet sniffing app goes through the kernel 's public interface for sniffing packets , which is why they are subject to security restrictions ; a compromised kernel can simply bypass all that and read the packets directly from the kernel internal data structure or directly from the hardware . kernel code runs under supervisor mode which gives them direct access to the hardware including being able to read any parts of memory of any program running on the system . if it is a branded phone that had been customized by your telco , they build the device image for your device , including the kernel image . in non-branded phone , it is similar situation except it is with the manufacturer . additionally , manufacturers can also install malicious hardware .
short answer is yes you can . long answer is below but basically it depends on your device , your bootloader and if someone has figured out an exploid to unlock the bootloader yet . more information : from this link you can see the difference : what is bootloader and why unlock it ? in literal terms , bootloader is code that is executed before any operating system starts to run . bootloaders basically package the instructions to boot operating system kernel and most of them also have their own debugging or modification environment . as the bootloader kicks off before any piece of software on your device , it makes it extremely processor specific and every motherboard has its own bootloader . every android phone has a bootloader that instructs the operating system kernel to boot normally . why is it locked ? a bootloader is usually locked on an android device because although its an open source os , still the manufacturers want you to stick to their android os version specifically designed for the device . in order to apply this concept , manufacturers lock the bootloader . with a locked bootloader on android devices , it is virtually impossible to flash a custom rom and forced attempts void warranty as well as usually end up in bricks . why should i unlock ? the explanation to this question is really simple . if you want root , youd be wanting to flash custom rom post-root , and if you want to install a custom rom , youd need to have your stock bootloader unlocked . in simple terms unlocking the bootloader allows you to install custom firmware on your android phone warning : unlocking your phones bootloader voids its warranty . it also completely wipes ( formats ) your android phones internal memory including applications , contacts , sms and mms messages etc . just a quick note . root can be achieved without unlocking the bootloader but that requires an exploit that is discovered by a developer . this quick note is the important part really . it has to be discovered by a developer , so it depends on the device and if someone has figured out the exploit and released tools for you to do it . htc let you unlock your bootloader through htc dev site but others will not give you an inch on this .
if you want the timeout increased permanently , you can use the hint given in troniczomb 's answer . but keep in mind that display is one one the heaviest battery consumers -- so if you often forget to turn off your display manually , your battery might last much shorter . a more intelligent approach would be using some automation software like e.g. tasker or llama , and have your display timeout set according to your situation . i use e.g. tasker for that : when one of my reading apps ( rss , ebook , web ) runs in foreground , tasker increases the display timeout to 3 minutes . as soon as i exit them ( another app or the homescreen comes to foreground ) , display timeout is reset to 30 seconds . of course you can adjust those values to your needs . as a side effect , you will be able to automate a lot of additional stuff . for me , tasker e.g. automatically activates gps when i start some related app , and deactivates it afterwards ( on 4.2 , this will require your device to be rooted ) . it also switches wifi off when i left home ( and turns it back on when i return ) , and adjusts ringer/audio volumes when i am in the office , plus more .
go to settings -> display -> sleep , and you can change the time out requirement from there .
you can not transfer system apps ( that is , the apps that came preinstalled ) to another device or back them up . the apps will be built into the funtab 's rom ( or system image ) , and even if you could extract the files , they almost certainly will have copy protection to stop you using them on a different device . to make an analogy , imagine you bought a pc and it came with powerdvd . now imagine you were to break the pc and buy a completely different one from a different manufacturer . you would not have an install disk for powerdvd , and the old installation would have copy protection so you can only use it on that specific model of pc . if you wanted to install powerdvd on your new pc , you had have to go out and buy it . preinstalled apps on android are no different . if you had downloaded angry birds from google play ( or most other marketplaces ) , you had be able to install it on any device with your account . you would not need to back it up : google would know that you had bought it , so they would let you download it again for free . preinstalled apps do not work that way , though .
it varies from phone to phone , but generally in your camera settings you can set a destination . if that is not an option , you can try something more creative with an app such as tasker to have it automatically move pictures that your camera adds to its folder to a different folder on the sd card . if your stock camera app does not let you though , there are solid camera apps on the play store that certainly do .
if you have the fb messenger app installed on your droid , go to the apps and open messenger ( fb blue app next to messaging ) . press the menu button ( the 4 small squares on front of droid ) and you should see the option to log out on the right . be careful , once you log out there it says continue . if you continue , it just logs you back in . so , just leave it at that and go back to the app and continue when you do want to be logged into fb chat .
unfortunately , i have noticed that you actually can not do this as well as it is supposed to work . the only solution i have found is to uninstall the app . i know that many providers and manufacturers include facebook as a " system app " . i do not know why they have , but it means it is stuck there until you root or whatever . you can logout of the facebook app and either use m . facebook . com in a web browser or download an alternative like friendcaster for android . ( i do not work for them , look for another if you do not like them ) . joe : )
in the official facebook for android app , you can shut off chat via the following : start up facebook make sure you are in the main menu ( press back if it shows the news feed ) click " chat " press the menu button and hit " go offline "
you will probably want to wipe everything and reflash your rom . this xda post has everything you need : what this is : a package to return your device to a completely stock state . it differs from h8rift 's packages in that it includes a pit file to repartition your phone . this is especially useful for those who accidentally flashed the wrong pit ( cough . . . bella ) or screwed up their partitions some other way . is this dangerous ? : no . the pit file i created has been tested and confirmed working by myself . instructions : make sure the drivers for the infuse 4g are installed ( installing kies is the best way to accomplish this ) download and unzip gtg 's_ultimate_unbrick . zip run odin3 v1.7 . exe as administrator place your phone into download mode ( pull battery , replace battery , press and hold both volume buttons while plugging in the usb cable ) make sure your phone shows up in odin as com## click the pit button and choose infuse . pit ( and make sure re-partition is checked ) click the pda button and choose pda_uckd5 . tar . md5 click the phone button and choose phone_uckd5 . tar . md5 press start in the rare case that it finishes and your phone proceeds to boot loop , pull the battery , replace it , press and hold both volume keys and then press and hold the power key , keep holding all three buttons until 3e recovery comes up , select " delete all user data " , and finally select " reboot system now " . ----download---- gtg 's_ultimate_unbrick . zip ( 183mb ) note that odin is very powerful and , despite the fact that the post says it is not dangerous , odin can brick your phone . proceed at your own risk . that said , i have used odin dozens of times myself and it is saved my phone several times .
can i install anything that runs on ubuntu ? no , you can install anything , but it may not work . you need to find packages and programs matching your hardware architecture . for example , in common case programs compiled for x86 architecture will not run at all on your smartphone , because phone has different cpu type - usually arm7 .
ubuntu running on one computer is really no different from ubuntu running on another computer , whether one of the computers is called a " phone " or not :p things to consider for your applications : does this application rely on specific video libraries ? no existing android phone has an ati video chip , for example , as far as i am aware . does this application rely on specific input methods or other hardware ? not all android devices support peripherals . of course , most have bluetooth so ubuntu should be able to manage a bluetooth keyboard , for example , but i am not sure whether a phone 's bluetooth stack could be so different as to not work in ubuntu . does this application rely on the x86 architecture ? most ( all ? ) android devices use the arm architecture . i would suspect that emacs would be fine if you compiled it for the chipset of whatever device you used . ruby might be more complicated -- maybe it relies on specific x86 instructions , i have not really studied how interpreted languages work in that regard -- but maybe not . you are making me want to try ubuntu on my phone so i can better answer these questions :p
i have seen openoffice . org running on debian on an openmoko freerunner . that does not mean it was a good idea , but i have seen it done . : ) if there is an arm build of a package , you should be able to get it to at least run . the limitations is that things may not always be supported by free software - even the venerable dream ( g1 ) has binary drivers . there are projects reverse-engineering these drivers ( as of this writing , the ril has been reversed and gps ( not agps ) works . )
i remove the saved networks and it started working again . hope this helps someone else .
options : auto reboot f . reset time files [ download ] pda : . tar file source : androidcentral
had similar problems . my nexus 4 was discovered just fine , but nexus 10 failed to be seen as an android adb device . so i uninstalled the nexus 4 drivers , rebooted , and then installed some unsigned drivers from internet called naked drivers . after that both nexus 4 and nexus 10 were properly recognized . then , attempted to unlock the nexus 10 using wugfresh nrt ( i am lazy , i know ) and after a temporary install of twrp , wugfresh nrt told me to do a factory reset to prevent a bootloop . so i did this , but it told me that it failed a couple of times . after reboot , found myself in a bootloop , exactly what i tried to avoid . after some google search came around this movie that explains how to do a basic wipe , but from original recovery not twrp . http://www.youtube.com/embed/t1se7hr9cww written explanation of the steps from the video above ( in case it goes down ) : press and keep power , volume up and volume down to escape from bootloop and reach the fastboot menu in the fastboot menu use volume up and volume down to navigate and select power off button to make a selection , so just select the recovery option you will reach the recovery mode ( there is an icon with android robot on his back and a " ! " sign ) and press quickly all three keys at the same time ( power , volume up and volume down ) . if you succeed , a blue menu will appear , so from there , just select your wipe option . after i tried this , it worked and found myself at configuration screen for first time setup . next , i downloaded latest version 2.5 for twrp , replaced the old 2.4.1 in the folder wugfresh development\data\recovery_custom\twrp . after that , using the wugfresh interface i went for the root and also checked custom recovery . this time everything went smooth and also twrp was upgraded . hope it helps .
by doing a factory reset and formatting the sd cards , i would say that it is safe enough to sell . if you want to be perfectly sure , flashing the original rom with option of wiping the cache will make the phone as good as you got it when you purchased . of course , still you have to format the sd card in that case as well . to know how to flash the original rom for you lg optimus gt540 , you can visit this page , which has a step by step instructions about this process . you should be able to find similar such page for your other samsung device just with google search . update : i found this web page , which explains about to how to downgrade i5800 to 2.1 . by that process you can get the original rom ( watch out for the region ) and safely sell .
if you want a specific app to react to bluetooth commands , you have to set it to high priority . i know poweramp has such a setting . check the spotify settings for a high priority option .
android does not accept connection from ip addresses missing in arp cache . i think that is a bug .
i believe this is simply because android puts the wifi to sleep to save power when the screen is turned off . you can try setting the wifi sleep policy : Settings &gt; Wireless &amp; Network Setting &gt; Wifi Settings &gt; Press Menu button &gt; Advanced &gt; Wifi sleep policy to Never and see if your problem still persists . alternatively though , instead of having your server ping your phone , i think it will be easier for the phone to " ping " ( or make a http request or through other methods ) the server when it is connecting to your wifi network . your application can register to the system to receive a broadcast intent when certain wifi events occurred .
if you have droidwall , allow access to " ( kernel ) - linux kernel " . on my phone this is definitely the reason why android answers or not to a ping or tracert .
grab this . apk file from the xda forums and sideload it like you would any other app . the instructions state that it will work on unrooted devices , and cnet actually ran an article detailing this a little while back . the original xda thread is here , the link you need is the one under the qr code ( the " apk method" ) . this particular method will evidently only work if you live in the us and have android v4.0.2 or later installed , but that should cover any typical vzw galaxy nexus at this point . as far as i am aware , you will not be able to get updates from the play store if you sideload like this , but that is the only caveat i have personally encountered thus far on my vzw galaxy nexus . i used the free $10 prepaid balance at mcdonald 's without any issue . a few additional musings after doing some experimentation : after sideloading the . apk above i was not able to update wallet from the play store app on my phone . however , if i logged into the web store and visited the page for wallet , it listed my galaxy nexus as compatible . hitting install on the web page allowed me to push the updated version to my phone successfully , despite the fact that i could not do it from my phone . if you are itching to try out the newly added ability to add your credit card to wallet , you could try the above to get yourself updated to the newest version . alternatively , if you consider me a " trusted source " ( i am trustworthy , i swear ) you can get a copy from my dropbox account . i simply pulled the updated . apk file from my device after i updated through the play store , so i can safely say this version has not been tampered with by any third parties .
from self testing of the drive , quickoffice and the new docs apps and an official google blog posting , it seems like the strategy will be : google drive app to view and organize your files quickoffice to open ms documents stand alone google docs apps ( docs , sheets , and eventually slides ) to open google doc files some testing i did shows ( moto x 4.4.2 with docs v1.3.144.12 ; quickoffice v6.3.1.041 ; drive v1.2.563.21 ) : the quickoffice app only opens microsoft format files ; i am unable to load native google documents the new docs app only opens google doc word files ; i am unable to load microsoft format files a google blog post has a statement that leads me to believe their strategy is to remove document editing from the drive app itself , and just have it open the stand-alone apps for google doc files , and quickoffice for ms document files : if you dont have time now , over the next few days youll be prompted to download the apps when you go to edit or create a document or spreadsheet in your drive app . and of course , youll still be able to use the drive app to view and organize all of your documents , spreadsheets , presentations , photos and more . we also may be in line for a new google drive update soon - which removes in-drive editing . the ios version of drive has stripped in-drive document editing ( in favor of the external apps ) and added a pin code to allow you to encrypt local documents . ( source ) edit : the new google drive app has been released , which removes in-drive editing , and will prompt you to download the new docs and sheets apps .
this depends on the features that come with your droid x , as they may be slightly different than other brands of android phones . on my phone ( cyanogenmod 7.1 gingerbread ) there is a setting under Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Call Settings -&gt; Blacklist , and another forum user says in android 2.1 there is an option under Menu -&gt; settings -&gt; call settings -&gt; all calls -&gt; auto reject . others say in some contacts applications you can long-press a contact and choose to block them specifically . another good solution is to use google voice to handle calls and voicemail and such . it is not built in to begin with , but it is a google service , so like second party . although , in ics you can specify a reject list that matches certain criteria ( start with , ends with , includes , exactly the same as ) . this way you could specify start with 1-800 and it would reject all calls that start with 1-800 . according to a post on this forum . so if you are using an ics rom , you may be in luck , as most here are skeptical about the droid x getting an official ics update .
mr . number . options to block calls and/or texts . gives you options of sending straight to vm or disconnecting . very good at recognizing and blocking spam . i also set mine to divert unknown #s to vm . figured if they wanted to talk bad enough , they wouldnt have their # blocked , lol . i realize this isnt native as you were asking , but much better than any native way .
i have had a similar issue with my new mobile , razr maxx running ics . it turned out to be an overzealous car hud application that consumed cpu cycles even when not running . uninstalling it solved the problem . what confused me initially was that android os was shown as the main battery drainer and not the app itself . since you had the same issue with your previous phone , this suggests a misbehaving application that you have installed on both . i would try turning off gps and mobile data/wi-fi and observe whether the battery continues to drain at a similar alarming rate . if it is the internet connection that triggers the problem , this is likely due to an ad-supported application unsuccessfully trying to phone home .
check the running services . you will know what is running unnecessarily . i closed these , and i could immediately see a change in speed .
another very common source of galaxy nexus slowdowns is quite a nasty hardware/firmware issue documented here : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=39154 . this will probably affect you if you have less than 3 to 4gb storage free . there are some workarounds but they involve root and thus possible warranty invalidation . i found that clearing out some storage and rebooting does help somewhat , but have not yet tried the workarounds .
this looks like it could be an issue with certain background services malfunctioning . try observing the background services and disable some of them to see if you might hit the culprit . to do it in a way that is less hit and miss , there are several battery app in the market or you can use ics native battery monitor to see if there are anything that are consuming more battery than it really should .
there is no such site that lists all the available rom 's for all the devices - if there was , it would be huge . the best way to find a custom rom , as well as ways to flash and guides , is to check the more popular forums - such as xda-developers or the android forums .
jelly bean devices do not use usb mass storage to mount themselves on pcs . they use the more secure mtp method , and ubuntu does not natively support mtp . the method you have linked to is the only official way to do what you want . i own a nexus 7 , but i am using a custom rom , and as such , usb mass storage is hacked into my build . however , i believe on the stock rom , if you check in storage and you press menu , you should have an option to set the usb connection type , and there is a picture transfer mode . it will not let you see all of the files on your nexus , but it will allow you to copy and it should not need any extra help inside ubuntu . for an extremely detailed explanation on mtp and why it exists , and why on the stock rom you will never be able to use it as a flash drive , i highly recommend you check this stackexchange question : how can i use my galaxy nexus as an external usb storage drive ?
you simply looked in the wrong place in the settings . factory reset is located in the privacy options . as for the " hardware way " described in the other answer : the key combinations are device-specific . as you did not mention the name of your device , guessing the correct combination is like playing in a lottery ; )
try these steps : turn your device off press both volume button and power button . you should be accessing the boot loader by now . look for the option " clear storage / factory settings " using the volume button . once found press the power button to confirm .
pressing the middle ( or home ) button does " minimize " the app . this is a design idea of android . if the app does not get resumed at the same point , then that is the failure of the app 's developer and source code not using the relevant api calls or a general flaw in the app 's code .
not daft at all . you can not " minimize " an app in android , but you can leave it running in the background . if you are on a web page , hit the home button and do whatever else it is you need to do , then long press the home button and the last 6-8 apps you have used show up in a pop up , click your browser and you should be back to your web page .
the easiest way would be using a " profile switcher " . as your demand is time-based , a good and easy choice would be timeriffic ( available for free and high rated ) . here you could simply say : 24h/day disable these things . an alternative would be profilescheduler , which also allows switching profiles by click ( so you do not need to setup a schedule , just the profile ) . ah , btw : needless to say that this does not require a rooted device ; ) edit : if your intention is to keep other people from tempering with certain apps , you might want to take a look at so-called " app lockers " -- with which you can password-protect some/all your apps ( including e.g. the play store app to keep them from installing something else ) . here possible candidates include : app lock ( free , high rated ) app protector ( free , good rating ) ultimate app guard ( free , high rated ) and many more . and btw2: using an app locker , you can also protect the settings menu ( to avoid easy changes to e.g. bluetooth status ) . edit2: if the devices are rooted , you could even bring a " local firewall " into play : use droidwall to define which apps may access the internet ( via mobile and/or wlan separately ) , plus an app locker to password-protect droidwall . this way the apps themselves would be accessible ( unless you lock them completely as well ) , but their access to the net would be handled separately ( by droidwall ) .
no app can " optimize " or " maintain " the battery in any way as it can not get the necessary access to the hardware -- probably not even if it required root . this app explicitly advertises that it does not . anyway , the manufacturer 's engineers surely have already implemented all the necessary optimizations . there is no way that the app 's developers knows anything useful about every phone 's charging circuitry and battery that the engineers do not . in short , there is no way this app does anything useful at all . ( it might even be malware , but i do not get that impression in this case ) . ( note : the following is probably not true ) the only thing an app can do ( on a rooted phone ) is to recalibrate the battery . if the battery is miscalibrated the os might think that it is as good as empty and force a shutdown although there is still a useful amount of charge left . one app that does this is the aptly named battery calibration .
mythbusted i installed this app yesterday with some uncertainty and it detected ( and fixed ) a number of problems . i then found this thread which made my suspicions even more so . today i ran the app and it detected zero problems , not surprising since the battery presumably got no new problems overnight . out of curiosity i set the date to a month in advance and ran the test again , and suddenly there are eight ' cells ' with low charge and two inactive ! so obviously all this app does is check when it was last run and the longer ago it was the more ' faulty ' cells it throws up in a random pattern to make it look like it is found ' faults ' which it can then fix . do not waste your time , i assume the only thing this does is provide ad revenue to the developer .
as manishearth wrote , this might indicate trouble with the card ( and very likely does ) . the boot you describe might have been " too abrupt " , not cleanly unmounting the card and thus corrupting its file system ; in which case the " good ol ' chkdsk" should help ( btw , android ships with fsck for the very same task , which you could execute via a terminal app or adb shell  see check and fix sd card errors within android itself ? ) . on the other hand , it could also mean hardware trouble with the card , which even could be the reason for those reboots , reversing cause and effect : not being able to read/write , or encountering too many " corrupt blocks " , might have triggered some event ( like re-mounting the card read/only ) . i am not sure whether such would trigger a reboot ( as stuff counted essential by the system usually does not reside on the sdcard ) , but it would not be impossible . thus trying a new card will not hurt . ps  a little background on app2sd : as shipped with android 2.2+ , this only moves parts of the app to your card , while other parts remain on internal storage . especially the app 's data remain here ( in /data ) , which is why after a re-installation of your apps they were already ( or rather " still" ) available . for more details , you might wish to take a look at our app2sd tag-wiki .
there are two levels of technical reason why this would not work . not all mobile phones allow the software to control the audio that gets sent over a voice call : the microphone feeds directly into the cell radio . this is the same reason that apps to record calls or play sound over calls do not work on every phone . gsm lossily compresses the sound signal using methods that are specifically designed to work with voice . if you were to try to send arbitrary data ( such as an encrypted signal ) over gsm , it would come out garbled at the other end . if you want to make a phone call that your carrier can not eavesdrop , there are apps available to do this , but they work over wireless internet , not over gsm ( i.e. . they use data not voice ) .
when you see a message &lt;User&gt; was removed then it means two things : the group admin removed the user from group . the person deleted/deactivated his account . i can vouch for this one because my friend lost his mobile and on deactivation the message appeared in my group that he was removed without me taking action . yes , &lt;User&gt; was removed and &lt;User&gt; has left mean two different things , &lt;User&gt; has left comes up when user voluntarily leaves a group but keeps his whatsapp active .
i am the admin of my group and i did not remove my friend yet the message appeared " user was removed " i think when someone deactivates their account then this message comes but maybe there is one more possibility , if that user blocks the admin then he/she might be getting removed from all the groups where the same person is the admin whom he/she has blocked . and yes if the admin removes that person then also ' user was removed ' will show
it might be the difference one one getting removed by others ( group admin ) and one leaving group by self .
yes if admin of group removed a person from the group then , whatsapp will " username was removed " , if the person in a group left the group then it will show " username left " . . it is not means user deleted the account
if the admin itself goes off from the group before removing all the other members then it shows this message about the admin to the other remaining members left behind in the group .
the samsung rom does not have the stock aosp dialer and contacts app . it has touchwiz themed dialer and contacts app . this is one of the most glitchy and slowest of dialer apps out there . try the swipe dialer if you care to . it has good reviews and seems to be working fine across the board . another option will be to port aosp dialer as in cyanogenmod . this is advanced stuff and you will need knowledge of adb . try it out if you want . the easiest way out is to flash a custom rom . try cyanogenmod , aokp , paranoid android , etc . there are several others too . try xda developers forums for more in depth info .
the discussion you have been reading is about compiling a modified kernel and a custom rom for the galaxy s4 , using a replacement wireless driver that is been changed to add support for ad-hoc wi-fi networks . the path /driver/net/wireless is a path in the kernel source tree , which contains the source code for the driver that needs to be changed before compiling the new kernel . it does not refer to any path on the device itself , or anything else you can change on the device .
you can try to install a webdav server to the android device , then mount the webdav server as a drive on windows 7 . here is a free webdav server from google play ( of course , there are many other webdav servers in google play ) . and the steps to mount the webdav server as a drive on windows 7 .
there are several ways to do it . unfortunately it is not as easy as it should be . follow the instructions here : http://www.7tutorials.com/how-map-drives-windows-7 if you already have the share in file explorer , for instance after inserting an usb device , right click on the share and select map drive and select a drive letter .
in order to assign a drive letter to a removable device , that device must support ums ( usb mass storage ) protocol . unfortunately most newer android phones , especially those without a removable sd card , do not support ums . instead , they support mtp ( media transfer protocol ) and ptp ( picture transfer protocol ) protocols . in such devices it is not possible to map storage as a drive in windows . see more details on this superuser . com question . with that said , on some selected samsung and sony android devices it is possible to enable the ums mode for external storage only ( sd card ) . see this app . also , if your goal to simply copy files to and from an android device via command prompt , adb will allow you to do so . this utility is part of android sdk tools . you will need usb drivers for your android phone to be installed , usb debugging activated in developer settings on the phone , and authorize the pc to debug the phone ( via a prompt on the device . ) after that is done , you will be able to use adb push and adb pull commands to copy files and directories , and various linux shell commands via adb shell &lt;command&gt; ( e . g . adb shell ls /sdcard/ ) to navigate the directory structure on the phone .
there is nothing ( at present ) that can do all that siri does . depending on your needs you might be able to get close . lifehacker had an article about your current alternatives : how to get a siri-like personal assistant on your android phone for free to summarize : you will need one of the following ( or a combination ) : google voice actions for android vlingo edwin speaktoit assistant update : terryk2 points out iris , currently in alpha testing , which is by the developers ' own admission a direct response to siri .
that would be google search , which also has voice command abilities . although i am not sure how intuitive the commands can be given , compared to siri .
i would say vlingo is probably the closest but does not have the contextual power that siri does but it is very close .
there is an app called skyvi in the android market . initially i used iris , but it was quite buggy . this is comparatively better in my opinion . it is humorous as well .
while still in alpha , it may be worth checking out iris . it is got a limited set of siri 's functionality , but it looks like it could be interesting to watch it grow .
i saw this , and also looked into it briefly . basically , as you are using your google account when buying the device , google will link your google account to your nexus device at the factory , and send your details to your email address . this means that the google account setup is already complete when you receive the device , so you can download apps as soon as you turn it on and enter your password . it is unlikely to be encrypted , however as the password has yet to be entered no sensitive information such as emails or card details can be access should someone else receive the device .
you can force the mobile version to load by appending ?m=1 to the url : http://avventureplanetarie.blogspot.com/m=1
when you request a web page using a web browser , your web browser sends User Agent string with this request too . using this string , a website can detect technical specs of user viz . web browser , os , device etc . in case of nexus 7 , blogger is not pushing mobile version . so , better contact blogger dev team for that . its a blogger issue .
without seeing a concrete example , i can not really tell , but it is likely it is because of the way mobile detection works is usually by screen resolution/size . nexus 7 may have a screen large enough that the it is being detected as a normal desktop/laptop . with certain designs , a separate tablet layout may be unnecessary if the site are usable with both mouse and touch input .
i had the same problem and found a workaround by going to settings-> sound-> quiet mode and repeating toggle " turn quiet mode now " until i see the notification on the notification bar . after that the scheduled quiet mode will work , but you had to do this after every restart of the phone .
if you use recovery to wipe user data , and then wipe your dalvik cache in the advanced settings , then reboot all apps and data will be removed . ensure you have not enabled google restore - when the startup wizard starts , it should ask if you want to restore to this device . unstick this option .
the file places.sqlite stores history information . i suppose that if you manage to delete the entries you want from there and then sync your changes then these entries will not show up in your history . here is some info about editing this file
you can only delete specific visited pages while going through the complete browser 's history . i asked because you can not actually delete any visit while they are filtered out by a search query . i think this should be allowed as a feature because if you had a big history you would need to spend an unimaginable amount of time to delete a very old entry while browsing it completely .
everything i have seen suggests you can only do it if your phone is rooted . here 's a tutorial for those with rooted phones .
try magisto . i just tested it initially and managed to record for almost 2.5 hours before i stopped it .
your best source probably is nexus s : all things root guide -- which is a compilation/collection of several guides . here you can probably pick your minimalist solution as well as go for the " big thing " . in case you need some addional sources ( easily to find with a simple google search , by the way , as that is what i just did ) : root and recovery for the nexus s : quite decent , looks really easy : only a few steps involved . guide to root nexus s : a detailed guide nexus s : full update guide : full guide from root up to cyanogenmod customrom " nexus s " rooting guide : google search which turned all the above up on its first result page ; ) and probably has many more on the following pages . . . do not get me wrong : i am not saying you did not search ( your question clearly indicates you did ) . i put this just for reference by other interested readers here , who might need more details .
i have just done this for my nexus s running 4.1.2 so thought i would let you know how i went about it . i firstly downloaded the nexus root toolkit on my computer ( note that you will need a windows machine for this to work ) . from that point you can pretty much follow the instructions in the application itself and on the site , here 's the instructions from the site : instructions : select the correct device and build ( what you are currently running ) configure your drivers if you havent already using the driver guide ( if you arent sure use step 3 of the driver guide to test your drivers ) . if you need to , backup your important data . unlock your device root your device rather than going through each step in detail ( the documentation and help in the application is pretty extensive already ) i thought it would be more helpful to mention the issues i came across . forgot to unlock it ( step 4 ) - . - spent half an hour trying to figure out why it was not working and realised i would skipped a step , you need to unlock the bootloader . getting the drivers installed - although i already had the android sdk and hence the android composite drivers the application did not seem to work with these , it needed to downloaded some new drivers which it does automatically . on window 's device manager usually i am used to using the ' browse to folder ' option and letting it automatically search but this did not seem to work for the new driver , instead select the ' let me choose a driver from my pc ' option and choose the android phone drivers and the driver is the " google nexus s adb interface " . not finding the device - this happened a few times where the program could not find the device , said it was not connected , did i choose the right model etc . the problem seems to be that the adb server was out of date and needed to be restarted but the program would not do that . in order to restart it i just ran adb devices from the command line . for this to work you will need to have adb installed and added to the computers path . this then allowed the toolkit to find the phone and proceed on . left on non-android screen at end - after the rooting stage the application left a recovery application open on the phone rather than the android os , if this happens to you then go to Reboot and just reboot the phone . this is the last screen you will see : the superuser bit is fine , the toolkit will have installed it onto your phone for you , i just updated it using the play store option that is presented in the application . the toolkit did not seem to have installed busybox onto the phone but if you do want it then just go to the play store , download busybox and then install it . good luck !
sch-i535 is not a gsm phone so will not work with any 2g or 3g t-mobile tower . also that phone only supports lte frequencies of 700 mhz and 1900 mhz , neither of which are bands that t-mobile use to any significant degree . instead t-mobile uses 1700 and 2100 mhz . t-mobile is however in the process of rolling out 700 mhz and 1900 mhz , so you might get data in the near future however you will not generally be able to make calls as that is currently handled by the 3g networks . and even where volte is available this phone will may not have the software update to support it . update : despite not being listed in the specs of samsung 's website , nor gsm area , or wikipedia sch-i535 does infact support gsm beyond lte . it appears that verizon pushed out an update with 4.1.2 jelly bean which enabled support for gprs/edge/gsm 850/900/1800/1900 mhz and hspa/umts 2100 mhz ( band 1 ) . t-mobiles 3g support requires aws-1700/2100 ( band 4 ) , however they do support 1900 mhz for gsm/edge 2g service . so you can get edge but not hspa , although you may soon get lte depending on t-mobiles rollout .
i do not think it is a bug . google have un-intuitively moved it around in ics . try this . open gallery> select menu button > tap " select items " > select a photo > now tap the share icon . all the sharing options should now be visible .
it gets the name of the android oem front end interface : touchwiz for samsung htc sense for htc motoblur for motorola . . . for the " basic " version of android - i.e. the version embedded in nexus phones and tablets - people often refer to the android version as " stock android " . so what about " stock android ui " or " stock ui " in this case ?
neither dvm nor jvm runs on every processes . natively compiled applications ( e . g . the ones you see inside terminal emulator ) are not associated with any dvm or jvm . and even when you only count android " apk " applications , the overhead of having jvm/dvm on ( nearly ) every process ' address space is minimal since they are a shared dynamic library so linux will smartly load them once in a copy-on-write buffer for the whole os .
android applications run dalvik bytecode , so the dvm needs to be running . just like how running java bytecode on a pc requires a jvm to run .
you are completely right with your assumption : whenever an app is installed , it is first copied to /data/local . you can check that directory if either you have got a file manager permitting you to go there , or have the android sdk installed . no root needed , as this directory is readable and writable for the shell user . but to your last question : no , i am not aware of any mechanism to control that delay ( never saw a corresponding setting ) . if it can be configured ( and is not hardcoded in some place ) , this will most likely involve root privileges .
an i/o error may be indicative of filesystem corruption . if your device has a removable sd card , try removing it , putting it in a pc , and running a filesystem checker on it ( such as fsck on linux ) .
it is a security concern . the android documentation does not provide a lot of elaboration , stating simply : the procedure must be confirmed on-screen , and deletes the user data for privacy reasons . however , the privacy concern is relatively straightforward to extrapolate . once the bootloader is unlocked , the device can be flashed with unsigned images . this means that it is relatively trivial to root the device , and there are actually multiple ways it can be done , such as : flashing a system image with root tools built in flashing a boot image that runs adbd with root by default ( an " unsecure " image ) flashing a recovery image , then using that to overwrite the system or boot partitions with ones that allow root access once root is obtained , all of the information on /data essentially becomes accessible . this could be emails , contact information , or many other pieces of personal information that you likely do not want in the wrong hands . therefore , it makes sense to wipe all of this data during the unlocking procedure to ensure that there is no off-the-shelf " official " way of bypassing the sandboxing restrictions implemented by the android operating system , which would thereby allow someone to steal personal data . of course , there may be ways to root without wiping on some devices , but they rely on exploits rather than official methods like a bootloader unlock , meaning they are basically bugs .
its a good question as to the motive in why they insist on this when getting manufacturers to make the handsets for carriers . the reason , i think , why carriers enforce " locked bootloaders " , is really simplistic , in the event of handsets being stolen , and a tech-savvy thief can unlock it , it wipes the personal data in place thus ensuring that contacts etc are removed . and , in a what i would perceive , a twisted roundabout-way , the victim will not get billed for unsolicited texts/calls etc to their own contacts ( i.e. . billing for calls etc ) made whilst the handset is stolen , that is , if it is still in original state , i.e. locked , that is , provided the relevant authorities have been informed . so the desire for the thief to infiltrate and get at the handset to work with another carrier would force the thief to unlock the boot-loader . . i would be inclined to believe its for that reason , carriers are in fact , protecting themselves and covering their position in maintaining the contractual clauses with the customers . . . ( this is only hearsay based on what i have read about carriers ) and yet carriers , still maintain their stance in selling handsets with locked boot-loaders despite uproar from the community , i.e. lack of openness , difficulties in modding etc and do try scare off using this tactic " unlocking boot-loader voids the warranty " . some carriers would even get the manufacturers to make the handsets impossible to unlock - for example , orange 's san diego , which was released earlier on in 2012 , circa february , intel-based chip-set running android - it took 8 months to get it rooted , and by then , the community declined . . the detrimental side effect was that the price of that handset dramatically dropped a lot and lost its value due to zero openness and the developer community lost interest in modding for it ! all a boot-loader is - its a piece of code , and if received instructions via fastboot -i 0x0fce oem unlock [SOME_HEX_KEY] or similar , to unlock , the boot-loader code is instructed to wipe the /data partition - nothing more . it does not physically damage the screen , functionality , ram , charging etc . . fud ( fear , uncertainty and doubt ) with what i have written , hopefully makes sense .
it might be a digitizer problem , you should take it to a warranty . usually problems like that can be cause of a digitizer issue .
i have noticed the same thing happening occasionally - i find that if i turn the wifi ( on the phone ) off and on again it will usually pick the wireless network up straight away - that is not quite as drastic as having to enable/disable airplane mode .
i am using htc desire with froyo and have a netcomm nb6plus4wn , but have not exprienced any problems with connecting to wifi . is your home wifi one of the saved wifi networks on your phone ? ( it should do this automatically if you have connected once before ) . i find that the phone takes much longer when searching for new networks , but is fairly quick if it is connecting to an existing/saved one . also , i have had some problems with 3g internet and this was solved by turning the phone off and on - maybe give that a go ?
in the absence of a definitive answer i did a lot of experimentation . firstly , if you have http intensive apps this version android ( 2.2 ) , will not change connectivity until the operation is complete . switch to airplane mode . you can still connect to your router but app traffic is suspended . you shield get a connection at this point . deactivated airplane mode and you should be running on your router . if anyone can nominate tools that can help track http app activity on android , please post .
there is a google-made app with almost exactly that name , that does let you read google books on your android device , google play books . i am pretty sure that should do what you want .
as janusz explained , this program scans and indexes media files on the internal and removable storage . sometimes the media scanner using a lot of cpu can be a result of it trying to scan one or more corrupted files . this is usually a symptom of your sd card starting to fail . try scanning your sd card 's filesystem for errors on a proper computer ( e . g . using fsck on a gnu/linux system , or scandisk on windows ) . if any errors are detected and fixed , put the sd card back in your phone and see if the problem goes away .
the media server is responsible for indexing the images , videos and music files on the device . it then is queried by programs like the media gallery or the music player for filtered lists of certain media types . i think that it would be restarted pretty fast after killing . i would assume that somehow there are many write options on the sd card and the media server will constantly reindex your mass storage . but i do not know a solution for that .
the svox classic tts system replaces the ( robotic ) native android pico_tts ( and pico_tts is generating the speech onboard the phone ) free main application https://market.android.com/details?id=com.svox.classic $3 voices like the british victoria voice https://market.android.com/details?id=com.svox.classic . langpack . eng_gbr_fem
this is apparently not possible with android 2.2 on motorola droid .
perhaps it is a bug , my nexus 4 is on the english locale and with a russian input language gesture typing works . perhaps you have installed an app that gives you the russian keyboard , it would not support gesture typing by default .
i do not know about your specific issue , but swiftkey 4 has gesture typing that is worked for me in multiple languages ( english and french ) .
i think there are a couple of bugs here . it does not work with qwerty layout . it does work with uk and us though , but the trick here is to disable and enable again " gesture input " option after needed dictionaries were installed .
because your phone is branded by orange austria , the sim card is likely locked . sonyericsson states : . . . you cant unlock the boot loader if you have a sim lock protected phone http://unlockbootloader.sonyericsson.com/which-phones#13182586887331if_height=1139
according to a few reports floating around the web , including this one from bgr this is a known software bug which google is working to correct . i get them on my gn occasionally as well and in my experience it is 100% random , so i do not think there is anything we can do to avoid them .
no . a system app has to be either installed by root or signed with the same key that signed the rom image .
you could give qoppa pdf notes a try : the best app for editing , annotating , filling forms , and signing pdf documents . qpdf notes is a user-friendly , all-in-one pdf app to view , edit , and markup pdf documents , digitally sign and share them , and fill pdf forms . saved documents are fully compatible with adobe acrobat and the pdf standard , and can be viewed in any capable pdf reader . the link leads to the demo ( which places a watermark on all your edits ) ; a full version is available for about eur 4 . if you just want to annotate , there are plenty of apps available capable of that . p.s. : and it sure is " the best app for editing pdf documents " at the moment -- i could find no other , so it is also the only afaik : )
i do not use this emulator but you might try to copy and paste login from host : how to share clipboard between bluestacks and host windows pc ?
if i may , i suggest kk keyboard . i am not advertising , but i use it myself , because my keyboard did this too .
on some devices , especially motorola ones , disabling the stock messaging app will cause any app that you set to handle sms to crash when sending an outbound sms . while other system apps may be safe to disable , i would recommend against disabling the stock messaging app . see this question for more details .
i have not experience any major problems after using the integrated sms/hangouts . only thing is that you may take some time to get used to it . however , it is a matter of preference . some may prefer separate apps to avoid pain of selecting whether to send sms or start a hangout . but to answer your question , no , nothing to be taken care of .
well , i guess you launcher is experiencing problems with the your android device . i would say if the problem persist first try clearing the cache and the data store by the launcher app , you can do that by heading over to the settings> application manager> tap over the launcher and clear the cache and the data stored . now try opening the launcher again and see if it shows you the same error again . if it pops up again then i would say better to uninstall the application . rest i will leave it upto you !
this might have something to do with a feature of mms called content adaptation . your operator 's mmsc ( multimedia messaging service center ) determines if the data sent is in a format supported by your handset , and if not , transcodes it into another format . this can cause some problems between different devices and operators . for example , my android receives single images from other android phones as 10 second videos where 1st half is the image and 2nd half is the message . at least here in finland , the behaviour i described is pretty standard and has happened since the days mms was made available and people are used to it ( as far as i know ) . do not know about at and t , but i would suspect there will not be any changes in the near future .
yes it works . i rooted sony er wt19i with locked bootloader and it installed superuser . you should try . many people asking can i do this or that and never did nothing . how can you know if you didnt try ?
unfortunately , if you were running sdk 1.6 or later you could just update without installing a new sdk . but for 1.5 you need to install a new sdk . per this link from google http://developer.android.com/sdk/installing.html ( see quoted text below ) . . . how ever , you can backup your projects and move them into the new sdk environment . so it looks like all may not be lost . just read that link above pretty thoroughly . updating ? if you are currently using the android 1.6 sdk or later and want to update to the latest tools or platforms , you do not need to install a new sdk . instead , you can simply update the individual components in your sdk using the android sdk and avd manager tool . for information about how to do that , see updating sdk components if you are using android 1.5 sdk or earlier , you should install a new sdk as described in this document and move your application projects to the new sdk environment .
" press 1 to accept the call " sounds like google voice 's call screening . check your gv call settings to ensure that call screening is not on at all . ( you can individually turn it off for certain people or groups , but the main setting would need to be " on " . ) more on call screening at google voice support .
samsung galaxy s2 sgh-s959g android version 2.3 in boot loop update : downloaded odin 3 v . 1.85 , flashed with stock-sgh-s959g . tar . md5 ==> no change still have the same problem ( also checked sammobile for firmware = nothing available )
found it . i remembered installing a beta app from cyanogenmod called screencast which can be used to record the screen if you have a cm 11 rom . when you start recording there is an option in the notification bar to show touches . i had enabled this when playing with the screencast app , and it continues to track touch input even after you stop the recording . disabling the show touches option fixed my issue .
check your phone date and time . if it is wrong probably you may receive this error .
your photos should be in the dcim folder . i have an htc evo and all photos from my camera are in /sdcard/DCIM/100MEDIA/ . i doubt this would help but maybe you should try another file manager . try taking a photo and then go to your DCIM directory to see if any new folders or images are there . it looks like you solved your issue ! just so others have a method to help themselves if they get stuck i am adding this to my answer : if you can view any photos in htc photo app you can long press on the photo and select the Details option . this should provide you with a File path
aha , found them ! /emmc/DCIM then most of them are in the 100MEDIA sub directory .
moto x has 2 chips a bit like the m7 chip in iphone 5s which also uses the a7 as its main processor . the nexus 5 has 1 chip which is why it cant replicate all the goodies of the moto x , although its a much more powerful phone . this chip uses very little power and has dedicated tasks like geo positioning . so when you pick up the moto x it knows it is moving , because the 2nd chip is always on , and shows the messages etc . if the nexus 5 chip was always " listening " for movement , the battery would die in a few hours . so the 2nd chip basically runs on very little power and thus can run constantly . so the voice commands in moto x will work all the time and you dont need to be in the screen launcher for ok google to work , which cant happen on the n5 without the aforementioned killing of the battery . so thus there is no touchless control on the n5 . not sure if that answers your question exactly , but in part - you wont be able to do the moto x trick on your n5
here is a video tutorial on how to get it setup . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-6woh20ulli explanation of video this requires the xposed framework ( http://goo.gl/nnwz9 ) and the google now api for it ( http://goo.gl/5pf3jg ) . you will need to be rooted to install the xposed framework . first you need to do this : 1 . open google now api 2 . click plugin ( example autovoice ) 3 . check " enable " for google now integration in tasker you will need to setup something similar to task for task : 1 . create a new action 2 . create ' if ' ( for action category ) 3 . for condition select ( or type if you cant find ) avsource 4 . make sure condition is set to matches 5 . type in googlenow for what the condition matches 6 . create whatever action you want for the if ( need to be familiar with tasker ) 7 . create ' end if '
callrecorder from xda this is the only app that allowed me to record my conversations properly , i own a samsung sgh-i537 ( s4 active ) and samsung decided not to allow native recording for it , so you have to root your phone before installing this app ( in the link there is a trial version so you can see if it works on your phone ) .
call recording for non-rooted phones seem to only work with the mic mode , when your speaker is on . this makes your volume not so clear . i tested this with automatic call recorder .
apparently you need hardware support in your kernel and root access for line recording . otherwise you are stuck with mic recording , which only picks up your voice ( at least on my nexus 4 ) the only one that worked for me was this " call recorder " app . it costs $10 and requires root access , but it does a pretty good job . there is a trial version link on the play page , you might want to try that and see if it works for you .
did you try " easy voice recorder " ? is works for me ( nexus 4 , android 4.4.2 without root ) . here is the link : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.coffeebeanventures.easyvoicerecorder when you have root privileged is much easier , but without root , i do not know of any app that can record the other side in a way that you can hear him " clean " . but as i say , easy voice recorder do it very good for me , not perfect ( cristal clear ) but good ( i can here the other side in the record , without any issues ) .
2g consumes less power than wifi when it comes to standard usage ( surfing , small downloads etc ) . the problem with wifi : it constantly scans for hotspots even when you are connected to one and not using it . when it comes to big downloads etc , wifi is more efficient . reason : due to slow speed , 2g will continue to drain battery for 2 hours when wifi quits downloading within 5 minutes .
i think i already posted this in another answer -- but i do not remember where . as i think it where different details that time ( more a general " what consumes most" ) , here some details from a reference motorola droid . data taken from a german article named energiesparplan ( heise is a very famous technology publisher in germany ; google translate version here ) : guess this definitly answers the question . though the values may vary between devices , relations should roughly match .
the generic perception is that networking via wi-fi cause less drain on your device 's battery than connecting with 3g . during the data transfer , if you use both connections to perform the same download , you will find that wi-fi is more efficient since it transfers stuff faster than 3g , thus leading to less consumption of your battery . rare exceptions may prove otherwise , but 3g faster and with stronger signal than wi-fi is a grandpa 's fairytale ; ) one important thing to account for , is the network coverage : if you stay a large amount of time within a limit coverage area , either for 3g or wifi , disable the one who is suffering from low coverage . your device will constantly be searching for available network , and that is just energy wasted on fruitless searches . being this usually the cause for complain on the battery life .
use wi-fi . in most cases a wi-fi radio will offer greater bandwidth at a significantly lower battery cost . as a result , you should [ prefer ] wi-fi whenever possible . -- developer . android . com : modifying your download patterns based on the connectivity type via transferring data without draining the battery .
there is an app for this . you can use it to install flash player on a jelly bean device . you can also try installing flash player and then upgrading the device to jelly bean .
why not use adb shell and look for the process id of that update manager software and uninstall it or even disable it ? do you know the name of the package responsible for the update ? two ways i can think of pm uninstall com.motorola.xxxxx or pm disable com.motorola.xxxxx trouble is , if the student in question is extremely inquisitive and leans towards android hacking . . . well , this will be the weakest thing you can do , since the tablet would be outside of your control and all hell breaks loose if some student happened to allow the upgrade to proceed ! another way that has its advantage/dis-advantage : pro : reliable ! con : temporary root under ics , un-heard of ! why not use a temporary rooting procedure ( its temporary and will disappear on reboot - z4root is one i know of that will allow it but 100% uncertain if it will work with ics ) , the idea is - to obtain root temporarily , and nuke the updater from the /system/app directory and cleanly dispose of trailing data and what-nots associated with the updater apk . then that should put your mind at ease . trouble is , really , you are dealing with such inquisitive minds and they will invariably find a way around the lock-downs , unfortunately . . . :d it sounds like a lose-lose case here which is outside of your control since those tablets are coming in and going out of school into the student 's home that has wifi etc . one thing though as a recommendation , by-pass whatever powers-that-be that has approved the budget for the tablets and go direct to motorola and ask them is there a solution and explain the situation to them to see if they can knock up something to prevent it from happening ? surely on their end , they can blacklist certain known serial numbers or something . . .
i think that appbrain lists all apps irrespective of the phone you are using to browse it , whereas the market seems to filter apps to show only ones that are supported by your phone or version of android ( not sure which , but seems most likely version of android ) . since wildfire is still on 2.1 i guess the apps you are trying to install are 2.2+ . as far as i am concerned this makes appbrain pretty useless for the wildfire .
i have encountered this before when i try to cancel an install from within appbrain . if you have the fastweb installer loaded then it sees that as an indication of wanting to uninstall , even if the application is not really loaded on the phone .
based on this blog post , the galaxy ace has geo-tagging support . so yes , it should be able to store location metadata , if you enable it . and according to another blog post , kik messenger removes metadata .
i know this comes a little late , but for the sake of others like myself who stumbled upon this question ( in my case , it matches word for word my needs , it is spooky ) i found something that suits me well . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=eu.kowalczuk.rsync4android it is rsync over ssh and works very well - provided you are already familiar with both .
if your device is rooted , you might want to take a look at titanium backup , which has built-in support for dropbox , box and google drive . as for your " special folder " , i would say you will probably like ftpsyncx -- which allows you automatically sync with dropbox as well as with your local pc via ssh , ftp , and others . the latter can happen automatically all xx minutes when your wifi is in reach , or when any wifi is in reach , or generally . . . and the app is well supported . alternatively , there is foldersync , additionally offering support for skydrive , sugarsync , ubuntu one , box .net, livedrive , google drive , google docs , hidrive , netdocuments , amazon s3 and webdav . ftpsyncx : foldersync :
i would recommend you to use sandisk memory zone available from google play store . once you have installed the app , run it and it will scan your entire sd card and the internal memory of your device . after that , choose a cloud storage provider where you would want to backup all the data .
here is the solution that worked perfectly with me : the problem lies in the dhcp settings of the adsl router . follow these steps : login to your router and go to dhcp settings ( for belkin its 192.168.2.1 ) and find the item called lease time . the default values of the lease time is usually forever , which produces a bug in android . all you have to do is to change the value of the leasing time from forever to any other long value ( depends on the routers options ) . here i changed the value from forever to 2 weeks -- and since then i did not have a single wifi disconnect .
gingerbread has certain power saving options . make sure that the wi-fi settings are not set in such a way that make the wi-fi sleep if it is inactive . ( the menu varies from phone to phone . so can not be specific )
if you prefer reset , and if it is only about your contacts and photos , you can sync them to your google account . go to Settings &gt; Select "Google" under Accounts &gt; Click on your Google Account and now select Contacts and People Details . for backing up photos from your phone , you can upload them to google drive using google drive app . after reset is completed , all your contacts will be automatically synchronized from your google account .
as explained by the comments and liam 's answer , this is due to the noexec flag used by the system when mounting the sdcard . if your configure file is a shell script ( as it usually is ) , you can still trick it to be executed : cd to the directory as you described above , and then execute sh configure . sh is the shell interpreter , and that binary should be located in /system/bin , where files are executable . passing your script as the first argument , this will open a new shell process which executes your configure script .
this is due to 2 things : the file does not have execute permissions [ and ] the file cannot gain executable permissions as it is on the sd card . the sd card 's filesystem can accept file permissions , however it is mounted with the noexec flag , as stated in a comment . this stops files being executed . solution : copy the net-snmp-5.7.2 directory to the /data/local/tmp directory as root . set the configure file to be executable by running chmod 0777 /data/local/tmp/net-snmp-5.7.2/configure as root . you should now be able to execute the configure script by typing /data/local/tmp/net-snmp-5.7.2/configure and pressing enter . note this should all be done as the root user : )
there is a way to disable updates of your google play application , but it is not secured . it is possible for you to have problems updating your market when you decide you want . if you want to try , this is what you have to do : you have to root you device install link2sd open link2sd click on the play store update select actions convert to system app reboot immediately read more here .
yes , the google play store does self-update itself . as far as i know , there is no way to disable the auto-self-updating of the play store application as it is built into the application/system 's code . you might could try freezing it with titanium backup ( requires root ) , but i do not know if that would work since the play store is also integrated into the os . the only sure way would be to disable all internet connectivity . is there a specific reason that you want to disable this feature ?
according to the section 3 of the google play terms of service you consent to automatic updates : updates . you may need to install updates to google play or related google software that we introduce from time to time to use google play and to access or download products . products originating from google may communicate with google servers from time to time to check for available updates to the products and to the functionality of google play , such as bug fixes , patches , enhanced functions , missing plug-ins and new versions ( collectively , " updates" ) . by using the google play store and installing these products , you agree to such automatically requested and received updates . *bolding added for emphasis .
why would you have to look in the app settings ? just determine its location via certain organizational/explorer apps ( es explorer comes to mind ) , and voila , where it isthat is your answer .
i do not know about your method , which seems pretty complicated and you might have done something wrong . but here is the method i have followed and it worked like a charm .
if wifi is acceptable , you might wish to take a look at foldersync . aside from cloud services ( dropbox and co ) , it can also deal with samba ( windows shares ) , ftp , sftp ( ssh with unix/linux ) , and more . you can define " folder pairs " , i.e. which folder on your android device should be synchronized with what folder on the remote machine . sync can be done uni- and bi-directional . i am using that with all my android devices and my pc , to keep different stuff in sync . easy to do with e.g. photos or the music collection : add a file on one device , and it gets synced across . foldersync even supports tasker , which gives you plenty of possibilities to deal with : having the device synced as soon as you are at home , or only when connected to a power source , at specific times , whatever .
follow these simple steps to make sure whether the problem lies with your video or the application- try to update the app from the play store if available . after the update power off your device and wait for few minutes . ( 2-3 minutes max ) power on your device and open your app and check for any other video is it able to play or not ( from the start till the end ) . if the video is able to play then the problem lies with your video which you are trying to view as it might be blocked or censored in your country . if most of the videos are not playing and showing the same error then you need to have a follow up with the you tube support team with the video link and the device specifications .
if you update via android 's over-the-air ( ota ) update , you will lose root . you will need to re-root again if you want root access ,
what phone and android version have you got ? the description for winamp in the market says that shoutcast support in winamp is only available for phones running android 2.2 or above . this previous question stream sound from ubuntu to android has an answer that says that xiialive ( official site ) should support shoutcast .
i can suggest you to use my new last . fm scrobbler for android : wail beta , you can read about it on the google play : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.artemzin.android.wail wail beta will scrobble music you are listening via different players to your last . fm account , also #nowplaying is supported . at the moment , wail beta supports that list of music players : android music player , google play music , poweramp , sony experia music player , jetaudio , playerpro , shuttle music player , xiialive , liquid bear beta + some other players , but they was not tested . i will be happy to hear your feedback ! if you got any questions , email me at : artem . zinnatullin [ @ ] gmail . com or here on stackexchange
if you need just scrobbling , i recommend scrobble droid . it is only 45k . and works nicely with default music player for me . http://www.appbrain.com/app/scrobble-droid/net.jjc1138.android.scrobbler hubi
i recently switched to the doubletwister player on my android and was happy to notice that it has an option to scrobble to last . fm .
the easiest way is to install the official last . fm app , this will scrobble tracks played by the default android music player , as well as from many 3rd party audio players , like winamp . it does not work with some manufacturer customized music player apps ( for instance , samsung have modified the music player app on the galaxy s 's and scrobbling does not work from there ) . i use winamp to play my music on my phone , and that happily scrobbles via the last . fm app .
even on models that have a built-in flash , using it is not worth your time . point flashes almost always make the picture look bad , especially when the camera is a crappy phone camera . i suggest making sure the subject is well-lit instead . that all said , the screen is not bright enough for a flash . best case it would provide a little " ambient " lighting in a dark room and you had have to take the picture up close .
as the nexus s is a " pure google " android phone it works the way that google intend android to be used , this means that it is designed to sync everything constantly via the internet , it does not have any built in way to do old-fashioned occasional cable syncs with a pc . what sort of account is your outlook connected to ? if it is a corporate account , then it is probably connecting to a corporate exchange server ? if so then , depending on whether your company allow it , you can add your corporate account to your phone and sync your mail/contacts/calendar directly with your company 's mail server . if your outlook is being used with a personal mail account , with mail coming from your isp 's mail servers ( or similar ) then you can either redirect that mail to a gmail account , and then sync your phone with that , or use tools to sync your outlook 's mail/calendar/contacts up to a gmail account whenever your pc is on , such as google calendar sync , google apps sync , google apps migration for outlook or use one of the third party tools that will sync outlook with a gmail account , like plaxo .
i believe eldarerathis is correct being that it is a pure google branded experience rather than samsung but make sure you do not have usb debugging on , which is the problem some people run in to with kies .
i am not sure on wildfire , but i am using htc hero . you could have a try to press the key ( like home , return or anything ) or press the optical mouse , then it back to the phone call screen , then you can press num key after pressing the lower left hand corner bn from the ui .
in your phone dialer enter the following sequence : *#*#7594#*#*  will show you shutdown app configuration - you can choose to have the device power off directly instead of showing the menu for airplane mode / power off etc . when you long-press the power button . there is also an option for keeping the lcd on during the duration of a call .
have you tried a longer screen timeout ? Settings | Display | Screen timeout
what you are looking for is screebl - a background service that monitors the phone 's orientation , and based on that orientation decides when to allow the phone 's power-saving features to operate . there is a pro version too that allows for integration with locale amidst other extra features . also check out shake awake from maplekey ( in the market ) - it allows you to wake the phone during a call with a shake . i also think that pressing the home key should turn the screen on again . try and let us know .
i am not sure about the wildfire , but on my desire hd when i take the phone from my face , the motion sensor detects it and re-awakens the screen automatically . i am not sure if it is a setting , a froyo feature , or maybe an htc sense feature .
in the developer settings , there is a " revoke usb debugging authorizations " . try to use it . it should remove the authorization you give for your computer . so next time , that computer will not be able to directly use the debugging .
netflix has a troubleshooting guide for android devices . see if any of them works . if not , share your findings .
did you wait some time after the power cord was pluged in ? it is normal that this takes some time to show the charging screen if the battery is not charged at all . for a full factory reset ( that is the most reset that can be done by the galaxy s ) , you want to boot into recovery mode by powering off the device , and then booting it by holding down the volume up + home + power keys . a menu should appear that offers the " factory reset " option .
sounds like the phone simply froze up . try taking out the battery , putting it back in , and then press the power button to start it .
yes , it seems so : many ( but not all ) galaxy sii are supported by installing a patched kernel .
pretty simple : just backup your app ull get an apk : ) . in the backup folder which u can read from .
you can backup your apps using avg antivirus and it will store the backup apps in droidbackupdir in sd card
.apk files are downloaded and stored in subfolders under a location on your device called /data . by default you do not have permissions to read from that location . in order to read/write in that location you will need to have rooted your device .
the easiest method is probably to install a uk rom . if you do not want to root or use a custom rom , you can probably find a stock one . i recommend searching xda .
install set locale and language , locale selector , or other related apps from google play !
google has documented details of the android backup service and of the data backup framework on its android developers website . the descriptions are targeted to developers writing applications but are still helpful : android 's backup service allows you to copy your persistent application data to remote " cloud " storage , in order to provide a restore point for the application data and settings . if a user performs a factory reset or converts to a new android-powered device , the system automatically restores your backup data when the application is re-installed . this way , your users do not need to reproduce their previous data or application settings . this process is completely transparent to the user and does not affect the functionality or user experience in your application . they also specifically address user privacy : google securely transmits backup data to and from google servers in order to provide backup and restore features . google treats this data as personal information in accordance with google 's privacy policy . in addition , users can disable data backup functionality through the android system 's privacy settings . when a user disables backup , android backup service deletes all saved backup data . a user can re-enable backup on the device , but android backup service will not restore any previously deleted data . tl/dr : if the notes app is configured to use the android backup service and has defined your notes as data to include in the backup , then yes , your data is being stored on a google server . toggling Backup my data will delete currently saved personal information from google 's servers that is associated with your google account . this will affect all of your current apps ' backed up data .
generally , it is entirely up to each individual app what data to back up , if any . google 's android backup service provides an interface for apps to tell it what data to back up . that might include files from the data directory , settings , files from the sd card , databases , or even media files that are already visible through the gallery or music apps . if the app is badly written , it may also include transient state or cached data . as a user , the only way you can tell is by asking the developer of an app . google encourages developers to add backup support to their apps , and many users request that feature .
from androidpolice : google will , of course , give you control over your cloud data . the language used here is particularly interesting : they call this data " app data stored with your google account , " which means it is the same " app data " we all know and love from the " clear app data " button . that means all your 3rd-party app data in the cloud , seamlessly synced across devices . however , it is not clear yet how much data is being sent , or if there is a max limit that can be stored on the cloud .
press power off and volume key down at the same time for 2 secs . . . it will take a screen shot . .
i know this is not the easiest way but if you are desperate you can do this . . . but before you do that , try hitting the power button slightly before you press down the volume-down key . if that does not work than maybe sony just overlooked this feature on the update .
press and hold power button and volume-down button exactly at the same time and hold them there until you take a screenshot . ( in ics ) i tried it now . and its working .
use monkeyrunner or run the ddms and take a screenshot . read more at how to take screenshots on an android device .
apparently there is such an app that can do this ( see this xda post ) . however , it is my understanding that to do this would require at minimum a rooted phone , and probably a custom kernel as well . i do not know of any custom kernels that have this functionality , however . you could also buy headphones with separate l/r volume controls .
i read that missing system apps can cause this problem . i unfroze the following stock apps : ap mobile ebook music hub my files pulse social hub
updating via kies eventually worked . the trick to getting kies to connect to the device is to turn off usb debugging on the device .
my droid bionic ( running android 2.3.4 ) has a " network lost tone " setting under settings/sounds . if you the phone is in silent mode with vibrate enabled , this setting might cause a vibrate , although i have not experienced that particular scenario . your phone probably has a similar setting .
here i found a detailed description how to unroot your asus tf101 transfomer . the procedure is not trivial and you need to follow several step , but most of them can be done through adb so there are chances that you can do it .
you need a third party tool to sync your outlook and gmail contact books together . google offers a tool you can download to sync , and there are others out there you can download/buy if you do not like theirs .
as to registering a new google account ( gmail account ) , you can do it on this page : https://accounts.google.com/signup as to how to add the gmail account to your phone , you can do it from the accounts and sync menu :
you can manually add a gmail mailbox using imap in the separate email app . as to adding a google account to sync your contacts and calendar , unfortunately a great many of android devices obtained from china have this " issue " . the best course of action is to flash a firmware meant for the same device , but from a different region . these links might help - superdroidrom for chacha // htc chacha forum on xda
google play books comes pre-installed on nexus 5 , at least here in the netherlends . if you do not have it nor can install it via play store i would guess that it is a country/operator restriction .
the easiest way is to download another keyboard from the play-store , the personalised keyboard will override the one with no enter-key . i downloaded one called swiftkey ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.touchtype.swiftkeyhl=en ) but this is not the only-one , any other keyboard should also work .
swift key did solve the problem , and many other problems , making it the perfect keyboard no doubt . . . until , they had to " upgrade " it by removing the settings for enter and arrow key customizations . hopefully i can find an older version thats not been idiotized to fit in with new " optionless/featureless " movement the tech world is taking : dumbed down for the masses of sheep who are terrorized by options menus and error messages they dont understand . meanwhile , techies like myself ( + most of you im sure ) are left with no arrow keys , no sending files ( &lt ; --a confusing word they want to kill ) over hangouts , no control over usb interface options . . . hell i could go on for days . ive always used google products and i would give anything to roll them back to 2 years ago when they assumed the masses had moderately functional brains . . . since when did google decide join apple in the sheep herding business ?
you can not change this . in android , the app can tell the keyboard ( or input method ) what extra actions to show ( such as send ) . the app can also specify that the text field can only hold single-line text , as in this case . what you could do is switch to a different keyboard app . you might be able to find one that puts the action in a different place ( not in place of the enter key ) that is harder to press by accident , or that completely ignores the action that is hinted by the app .
i heard someone who used swift keyboard and it apparently solved this specific problem , but i have not tested it .
android ! = gnu/linux . that is a common misunderstanding . you will never have the same linux experience like you had with your n900 running debian . sure , you can install busybox , sshd , maybe rsync and fuse should also be possible . latex for example , with it is various dependencies will be hard to get running . mostly because there is no package manager for android and the toolchain ( i.e. . libc ) is not the same . it is all technically possible , no major blockers . there are even ways to get debian/ubuntu running on android , even side-by-side . but this does not seem a practical solution , more a proof-of-concept for now .
as flow already mentioned , android although based off of linux will not give you the same experience . this also means that the linux utilities will have to be cross compiled . sorry . if you want a development device with vanilla software and fast updates , then the nexus line of smartphones is the best way to go . galaxy nexus - gsm version ( this is if you want to go for the most updated phone with the most support in terms of drivers , and os ) nexus s - this is if you dont need a top of the line phone but still want something supported by android open source project or aosp for short nexus one - google has recently dropped support for aosp of this device so it will need some tinkering but this is by far the cheapest out of the 3 on ebay with enough power to still run the latest version of android . the one stop shop for all android development needs : http://forum.xda-developers.com
i am using firefox aurora for android ; i can simply type view-source: in front of the address in the address bar , and a new page loads with the html code , etc . . . displayed in a formatted viewer . i am not sure if the other browsers have the same functionality , or what the corresponding command for those would be . you can find firefox aurora for android at their website . there is also a convenient add-on that creates a menu shortcut for this function .
maybe install a qr code reader from the app store . that is what i did when setting up authenticator .
the solution for your issue can be found on the app 's help page . as i already guessed , you need to install a barcode reader app . but not just " any " , ist has to be a specific one . and moreover , even my guess for zxing reader was absolutely correct  if you take a closer look at the screenshot taken from that place : screenshot from the google authenticator help page ( click image for original size ) btw : the name " zxing " stands for zebra crossing , but i doubt it can decode the zebra 's natural barcodes : ) as it reportedly works as well in this context , i recommend using qr droid if you want to use the qr reader for additional tasks as well . qr droid has a much nicer interface , offers additional features , and gives you much more flexibility .
if you are familiar with the concepts of read and write permissions on various pc platforms , that is pretty much the same as what is going on here . you are giving the application write access to your " external storage " which could be an sd card , or some storage space that comes with your device . that permission indicates that the application is able to create , modify , or delete any files that reside on the sd card ( or the non-removable storage space that the the os treats most like an sd card ) . so it could download a file from online and manually save it to your sd card . it could generate its own image , text , audio etc . . file and save it to your sd card . it could delete any file on your sd card . it could find a file that already exists on your sd ( even one with nothing to do with the app ) and make changes to it .
each application has a specific storage folder . but , some folders are public , like the pictures , music and ringtones folders . so , basically an application can write/delete files from a public folder and from it is own folder . take a look at this link for further details : http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/data/data-storage.html#savingsharedfiles
it means that an application can read/write to the entire contents of your sdcard . even if the application does not have this permission it will still be able to read from the contents of the sdcard . giving it modify/write permissions will allow the application to create , edit , or delete files . 99.9% of the time this is so the application can do things like save data to the sdcard . for example this could be images from wallpaper app , or if the app is used to backup your sms messages for you , or even a podcast app needs to save the mp3 file to the sdcard . there has been some " fuss " lately about ios having access to your pictures and other data on the device . you have to remember that these devices are not phones , they are computers that make phone calls . it is no different if i install an application on windows/linux/osx , the application will have access to every file on the system that i have access to . if you do not trust an application to install it on your pc , you would not install it . you should use the same thoughts with your phone , but keep in mind that you may have even more personal information on the phone then you would on your pc .
3g watchdog keeps separate totals for wi-fi and 3g data use , so there should be no confusion about whether it is from the mobile network allowance ( 3g data ) or some wi-fi hotspot . the watchdog can also be set to disable your 3g connection at some level ( eg 80% ) before you hit your limit . avg ( antivirus ) now includes a data usage monitor , but just warns and does not disable , as far as i know . if i had a limit , i would prefer to have the connection broken in case i started a high traffic application ( eg world wide webcam ) and might be charged for traffic above my allowance ( network i used in 2012 charged around 100 gbp / us$ 150 per extra gb of data , something to avoid ! ) .
assuming that you are using a galaxy ace with android v2.3 ( gingerbread ) , i suggest you to use an application like 3g watchdog or onavo count . but if you are using a android phone with android v4.0 ( ice cream sandwich ) or higher there is a built-in option in settings menu called " data usage " .
if i understand what you are after , this should do the trick : add a P ( pause ) at the end of the phone number for whichever contact ( s ) you do not want to be the default . i imagine a W would also work , but i can only vouch for a P . ensure the " default " contact ( if that is what you mean ) has the normal number . in your scenario , just change bravo 's number from , say , 1-800-555-1234 to 1-800-555-1234P . i just tested this approach and both numbers dial . the first thing i tried was adding an extra digit , but that did not work .
based on izzy 's suggestion , this is what i have come up with : profile : toggle screen filter primary context : variable set %light secondary context : not in netflix , safe in cloud , etc . task : task Distance: task Screen Filter On: 1. Screen Filter 48.6% Soft-keys On 2. Variable Set Name %ScreenFilterOn To 1  task Screen Filter Off: 1. Screen Filter 100% Soft-keys On 2. Variable Set Name %ScreenFilterOn To 0  i had to fiddle with the value of %lightthreshold a bit . i started out with it set to 30 , but that turned out to be so high that screen filter never activated . with it set to 10 , things seem to be working well for now . i will report back in a couple of days .
i see 3 solutions for you : you can use quickshortcutmaker ( or any similar ) application to add launcher to any installed application ( or android activity ) . not sure if it helps , but you can check your launcher 's settings . there should be item " hidden applications " ( or similar ) . install and use another launcher .
you might want to take a look at this website : tun . ko repository they got a long database of tun . ko for android phones . if you can see your phone model , kernel and build number on the list , just download their app which lets you load the module from their database to your phone . after that you can then use a vpn for your android .
cyanogenmod 6 is froyo , and ships with openvpn support for armv6 phones , such as my htc magic . if nothing else you can unpack the update . zip they supply , find the tun . ko driver , and push it to your phone via adb .
something that is helped me with similar wi-fi errors on my vibrant is the blade wi-fi fix . you might give it a shot and see if it works for you .
http://wiki.openmoko.org/wiki/ar6k wifi driver issue , factory reset or firmware upgrade could help you .
one thing i have tried on several models of galaxy 's is to do a factory reset in the " settings " menu . for some reason the wifi drivers get corrupt and a reset fixes this every time .
i have seen a number of people report that the wlan test dialer code will allow the driver to reload properly ( example ) . i believe it is *#*#526#*#* on many samsung phones , but this post indicates that it may also be *#*#528#*#* or *#*#232339#*#* . this may not work on all devices , since manufacturers tend to include/remove different dialer codes almost at a whim . if you are unfamiliar with dialer codes , simply open your dial pad and enter the sequence as though you were attempting to dial the number *#*#526#*#* . your phone should then jump to the wlan test facility .
tap the menu button on your handset . tap settings . tap wireless and networks . tap wi-fi settings . tap the menu button again . tap advanced ( figure b ) . tap the proxy setting and make sure your android device is not set up for a proxy . ( unless the wi-fi network you are on requires a proxy , this setting will get in the way of your device 's access to the computer ) if you tap on proxy and see an ip address or domain , delete it .
identify the correct modem the galaxy s ii modems files usually contain a reference to the zone where they best apply . in your case , the first reference letter should be " j " , that appears just after the phone model . official firmware : july 2012 middle east united arab emirates xsg - i9100jplpf/i9100ojplpc/i9100xxlpx ics 4.0.3 israel cellcom cel - i9100tjikg3/i9100tcelkg3/i9100tjikg1 you can also find out your modem version by accessing the " about phone " menu option . the value of " baseband " is your modem version . modem file the file modem_i9100tjiki2.7z should be the most appropriated for your location . references samsung galaxy s2 firmware updates via kies official releases compiled list galaxy s 2 shipped modem collection
you might be interested in assisted gps assistance falls into two categories : information used to more quickly acquire satellites it can supply orbital data or almanac for the gps satellites to the gps receiver , enabling the gps receiver to lock to the satellites more rapidly in some cases . the network can provide precise time . the device captures a snapshot of the gps signal , with approximate time , for the server to later process into a position . accurate , surveyed coordinates for the cell site towers allow better knowledge of local ionospheric conditions and other conditions affecting the gps signal than the gps receiver alone , enabling more precise calculation of position . ( see also wide area augmentation system and cellhunter . ) calculation of position by the server using information from the gps receiver the assistance server has a good satellite signal , and plentiful computation power , so it can compare fragmentary signals relayed to it by gps receivers , with the satellite signal it receives directly , and then inform the gps receiver or emergency services of the gps receiver 's position . many mobile phones combine a-gps and other location services including wi-fi positioning system and cell-site triangulation and sometimes a hybrid positioning system . [ 4 ]
if i am not mistaken it is to access google 's ( presumably large ) wireless mac address location database which like skyhook ( a competing service , also previously used on ios devices ) allows a handset to scan for wireless networks nearby and send their mac addresses ( possibly ssids as well , i have not looked into it too depply ) off to google to compare to their database and fire back an approximate location based on their data collection ( which you consent to help provide by enabling this feature ) . to the answerer mentioning a-gps , i think the op was already using a-gps and using google maps over a 3g connection but had wi-fi disabled . i believe this technique is achieved similarly with the use of cell towers , measuring the signal strength between the connected and neighbouring towers and comparing it to a stored database ( such as ofcom 's attempt available in the uk ) , location area code ( lac ) and cell id ( cid ) . for anyone curious you can find these on most android phones using the *#*#4636#*#* code in your dialer although for whatever reason it is encoded in hex so just convert it back to decimal if you like . tl ; dr - triangulate your location quicker using wi-fi signals while your gps gets a satellite lock , a-gps serves the same purpose but achieves this using a different method ( secure user plane location i think , if anyone wants to read up on it ) .
so what ' access denied ' in this case is you do not have the correct permissions to execute the file . this can be solved 2 different ways : use the sudo command ( super user can run any file ) sudo myprogram -options param1 param2 param . . . use chmod o+x filename to let anyone execute the file so basically you need a rooted device to be able to run that file , unless you change the permissions of the file before you transfer it to the device . you can use the chmod command to add the execute permission to the file before you hand it off to the device . this way anyone can execute the file . be warned , adding the execute permission for everyone is a security hole if the program can be used to change the file system in any way . rooting your tablet in this case might actually be safer .
while i was not able to directly address the issue , i found an app called screen control that can modify screen timeout and brightness settings for all applications . . . using this to reset things and then uninstalling it seems to have done the trick .
the difference in the filenames reflects the codename for the kernel version . the phone only shows the version number , making things difficult . the good news is that you can use any 2.2 kernel with a 2.2 rom ( or 2.3 with 2.3 , etc . ) . i would just use the newest ( they are alphabetical , so js8 is the newest ) . you can always experiment and see which one gives you the best performance , or hit up the xda forums where people will certainly have discussed it .
i realize this is an old question , but still today i face the same issue . the reason behind this ( afaik ) is that apps , when updated , can be " batch updated " if no changes were made to the app privacy policy or the app permissions for the device ( other scenarios may apply ) . e.g. , just this week i did a " batch update " , but had to manually update two apps , one needed my consent for additional privileges , and the other one had changed something that i did not bothered to read . message from the first app that was outside of the update batch : this app 's permissions have changed to have access to the following : . . . due to this changes , this app was excluded from the batch update .
this is a bug . clearing the cache of the play store app will fix this and make the updates show . otherwise it will fix itself in a few minutes time .
try " all apps in play store " xposed mod
it is impossible to pin-point such app without closer information . but there are several helpers available to narrow down the list of candidates . easiest way is if your device is rooted and running android &lt ; 4.1 ( i.e. . up to 4.0 . x ) . in this case take a look at lbe privacy guard : set gps to " always ask " for all apps and see which one is touching it . lbe would then pop-up a dialog box and ask you to confirm/deny , optionally also to remember this decision . for all legitimate candidates , simply confirm and let it remember ; for unwanted candidates reject and remember . if unsure , just do not let it remember . along these lines , your candidate should reveal its presence . with android 4.1+ , do not even try to install that app ( your device would be locked into a boot-loop ) . instead , head to xda , where they have localized versions of its companion ( e . g in this thread ) . it is quite bloated , but might help in your case . your device is not rooted this makes it a little more tricky . no fancy popups helping you out here ( to my knowledge ) . but you could use a permission scanner to narrow down the list of candidates . one possible candidate would be appbrain ad detector  with the side-effect to also detect apps with dangerous ad modules in installed apps ( spyware and the like ) : in the first example screenshot ( just click the image for a larger variant ) you can see " may share your location " listed in " concerns " . which means the app displayed uses location and network . to not have to open each app separately : the second screenshot shows you can list apps by permission . alternative helpful candidates include guardian droid and permission explorer : with some luck , your investigation leaves you with only a few candiates ( with great luck it is just one , and you have found the culprit ) . now you can see if you can ( temporarily ) disable those , and whether the problem is gone this way . if so , enable them one-by-one until the problem re-appears  which is after you have re-enabled the app you are looking for . postscriptum above described steps can similarly be applied to other permissions as well : )
no , you cannot see that . there is no such thing , all you can do is just track the activity of your app and see where it is most used . that is all .
to consolidate comments : i have found a fantastic guide to android partitions and basics here via wiw 's xda post . /data is all your personal settings , messages , and information , while /data/data is specifically for your apps ' private data . my guess is that wiping /cache as described above does not wipe /data or its child directories ( otherwise you would've lost all your apps and settings ) . i do not believe i have ever run against the particular error you are seeing - when mine has trouble i just get tons of force closes :-/ . however , my app settings screen shows me what must be the /data usage ( never close to full , numbers match /data size reported by diskusage ) even though my apps are actually constrained by the much smaller /data/data ( where i run out of room often ) . i think it is giving you an error because of /data/data but showing you details from /data instead . that is confusing as hell . my dinc 's /data is 748 mb and my /data/data is 149 mb . sounds like that should be the same for yours ( and others' ) . until you give in to the dark side and root your incredible ( and are then able to see specific usage ) you will want to keep things below 149 mb ( ish ) . fwiw , my biggest disk-hogs are facebook and dolphin browser .
check this answer to a similar problem . basically delete from /data/log . before you do , if you have the chance ( phone still operational ) then check the files to see what the errors being logged are .
perhaps you can install revolutionary , and choose the option to install the clockwork recovery mod , look for a copy of the original froyo rom from somewhere and then use recovery to put it back on your phone ? of course , while you are doing that you could check out cyanogenmod v7.1 and see if that gives you what you need .
correct answer was pointed to in the comments by rossc . thanks ! i am writing my own here since it is been a while and he did not write a proper answer i could have selected ( ! ) . i did a bit more research to expand on what he found , while also clarifying the original issue which was partly picnic . . . rossc wrote : according to here it may only be in the us and depend on what version you have . reddit.com/r/android/comments/14r6m7/ apparently the ' clock ' icon will do it reddit.com/r/android/comments/1p7d0w but i do not have that on mine . . . so the second link above gives the answer : on the device one cannot access the music search history from anywhere but thru the widget 's " clock " icon . since i only had the widget placed in the lockscreen so i did not see the icon while i was actually actively using my phone ( unlocked ) to look for its history . i can only access the history from the lockscreen widget , that is unless of course i put the widget on one of my panels , which is unnecessary since google now can also do music search ( just say " what is the song " or similar ) . apparently the music search is also unavailable in some countries , so ymmv . also , i found out here you can also access your sound search history on your desktop/laptop by logging into your google account and going to this hidden ( ? ) " auto-playlist " link ( i could not find anywhere in play music site ui ) : https://play.google.com/music/listen#/ap/sound-search hope this clears a few mysteries regarding sound searches and its widget .
my widget has the clock icon at far right which when pressed shows the history . maybe your screen is not wide enough for it ? their is a music search sync option in your google account settings in " accounts and sync " , although i do not think that is the issue . will keep researching .
that is a pretty well known " feature " . do not worry , your data is backed up there  it only does not restore . and you cannot even really delete it there . so in some way , it is " safe " . . . things you might want to look up in this context : what exactly is synced with google ? underlines what i have said before , and also shows you ways to check what is " synced " google backup : multiple devices using the same account - what happens on restore ? plenty of details on how that " google cloud backup " works ( and sometimes fails ) what info does google backup ? well , the title says it all : ) issue 17354: " automatic restore " rarely works , and then only partially what i already indicated above , and most likely the answer to your current issue . note that this ticket was opened in june , 2011  and still has the status " new " . one of the comments also includes a possible work-around : here 's what i did that worked . i factory reset the device ( again ) , and then at the very first screen ( where you choose the language ) , i turn it off . i put in a difference sim card , turn it on and then proceed with the normal setup . this worked for my nexus 4 . heise on undeletable wifi passwords ( german ) if you do not believe me about " undeletable backups " , this is my reference . the article is in german , and the publisher ( heise verlag ) is one of the most famous and most trusted sources here in germany , concerning it topics . there are many many more references i could give , but that would be a bit much for here . so a last hint : check the " linked " and " related " question links on the ase q and as i have linked here .
the best way i know is to use an app called tasker . its price is a little steeper than most , but it is very useful once you start playing with it . check out lifehacker to see some other examples of what tasker can do . here are the steps for what you want to do : open tasker select " new " name it " wifi alert " ( or whatever ) select " ok " select " state " select " wifi connected " enter the ssid for your network make sure the " invert " check box is checked select " done " select " new task " name it " disconnect " ( or whatever ) select " ok " select the "+" icon select " alert " select " popup " enter some text ( wifi disconnected or something more ominous ) select " done " select " done " select " apply " you could also make your phone vibrate or play a sound if you prefer . if you are worried you will not see/hear the notification in your pocket , you can also automatically disable wifi until you have the correct credentials . just add another action to the task by going to " net " , selecting " wifi " and setting it to " off " . tasker is great fun to nerd out on and is not nearly as complicated as my numbered list might imply .
if you are talking about a nandroid backup : yes , it would . it creates images from the devices file systems -- so all that is stored there gets copied to those image files . you can then even extract single items using e.g. titanium backup .
well , if you would have read the instructions for the installation of eclipse ics , you would have seen that you are not to install the rom on top of gingerbread . that being said , have no fear . batman is here to save you . check out the trusty internets and get you a copy of this file . droidrazrutility1.6 . zip you will need to run this utility to restore back to factory ginger bread ( option 1 i believe ) . there are guides for this online . i can not find the source right now . basically you put the phone into ap fastboot mode while matt 's utility flashes it back to factory . then if you so desire , you can take the ota ics update . only then can you install safestrap and eclipse ics . hope this helps .
i do not believe that there is any way to do this . this must have been hard coded into the google now app - as that is the only way they will act like this . the only way would be to contact google and ask them to change it in their app .
try remote web desktop application for android : remote web desktop
i suggest you try this app greenify , if you got rooted phone that is . anyway for general purpose you should check battery usage to find the culprit . and have them removed perhaps . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.oasisfeng.greenifyfeature=search_result#?t=w251bgwsmswxldesimnvbs5vyxnpc2zlbmcuz3jlzw5pznkixq . .
it is tricky to know which ones drain battery life fast . before installing you can check comments to see if there are many complaining of that . after installing , either if you know your phone well enough and see a clear decrease in battery life then it could be the new software if nothing else change , or you can try and check the battery usage statistics .
short answer : no . long answer : adb install is a " shortcut " that is equivalent to open a shell ( using adb shell ) and type pm install . pmstand for package-manager and his behaviour is the same as other package manager in other linux distributions ( like aptitude in debian or pacmanin arch linux ) except that pm does not fetch package from a distant location . the play store is an application like others , and we can not call android applications like we call a program like a c or " normal " java program , because the .apk file is not actually a binary , but a simply zipped package . it is the dalvik virtual machine ( sort of equivalent to the java vm ) that deals with running applications . the play store application simply download the application you want and then run pm install on the package downloaded .
i am pretty sure that it is not to disguise the app , but are icons intended for adding to tasks as a quick way to identify what they are for . example :
tasker allows you to customize the app icon because some users like to have a consistent theme across their home screen . google has also suggested that apps default to a black and white default icon , while some users prefer the older color icons . many apps allow this icon customization . tasker also allows icons to be chosen for various other purposes , like notifications . tasker has implemented an " icon chooser " to make this work . it simply reuses the icon chooser for the tasker app itself . there is no ulterior motive . this is similar to any desktop os . when you can set the icon for a shortcut , for example , you can use any icon on the system , not just the ones that shipped with the app .
it all very much depends on the " startup manager " used , and whether your device is rooted . as dotvezz answer assumes , there are some just de-activating the corresponding " listeners " ( apps can be notified on events , and thus get started when they appear  the most famous event being boot_completed ; but there are many more , like network changed , sdcard mounted , battery low . . . if you are interested in details , see e.g. what is the difference between a service and a broadcast receiver ? ) . however , doing that requires " root powers " . thus " startup managers " working without " root powers " basically do nothing other than task mangers : killing the app once it started on a given event . they also in most cases stick to the boot_completed event , and do not care about others . then there are those managers supporting both modi . best one most likely is autorun manager , my favorite i used for quite a while . now your question is specifically about startup manager . as you can see in its app description , and like i have written above , this app just cares for the boot_completed event : it does disable/enable startup items from system boot . its permissions do not include SUPERUSER ( aka root ) , so it cannot modify receivers/listeners . so it most likely just " kills " the apps when they start . prove on that you again can find in the app 's description : note : for android 2.2 and higher os non-rooted devices , some processes will restart themselves right after being disabled . they would not do so if they were really disabled . but many apps do so when being killed . autorun manager , which i have mentioned before , supports both modi : if used in " basic mode " ( which does not require root ) , it kills configured apps on start . in " advanced mode " ( requires root ) it " silences " their listeners , so they never receive the event broadcast and thus do not automatically start .
some research indicates that this is most likely done by revoking permissions to the apps you specify . specifically , the app needs android.permission.RECEIVE_BOOT_COMPLETED in order to run at startup . however , while this is the most likely situation , i can not speak for the exact functionality of startup manager . additionally , if you are concerned because the app 's description is not clear about how it works , you can alternatively use autostarts , an open-source android startup helper tool which controls which intents actually get sent to which apps .
if you are going to send it in for service , they might decide to make a " clean install " . in that case , your apps and data are of course gone . with a " normal update " , apps and data might survive . but it is never a bad idea to make a backup ( see also our backup tag-wiki for hints , as well as the links to further information contained there  especially full backup of non-rooted devices ) . this way , even if some or all apps do not survive the update , you can still restore them from your backup .
one of the restrictions introduced with 4.4-kitkat was moving the WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE permission to protection-level " signatureorsystem " , which means even if requested , a " normal app " ( i.e. . one you install yourself as " normal user " without any root specialities ) will no longer get it granted . so there are very few things you can do to " work around " this : obviously : rooting the device , and removing this limit using the app 's " personal " directory as storage for your sync'd files ( i.e. . &lt;sdcard&gt;/Android/&lt;package_name&gt; , as this is the only place an app can write on sd with kitkat ) using your internal-sd card as storage ( as here the limitation does not apply )
vbr is not the problem here . i have had no problems playing vbr mp3 files in any music app .
yes , you can root it without installing a custom rom . the rooting instructions on this site just tell you to install a custom recovery , which can install su for you .
yesterday i tried with the howto ( how do i root my nexus 7 ? ) and now i have a rooted nexus 7 ! well , i discovered , the " oem unlock " is not necessary , since the device was already unlocked . . . : ) thank you all for your help ! greetings luca , with a rooted nexus ! : )
i would go the factory images route . flash the factory images using fastboot . this will restore the proper file system structure and permissions , which appear to be the issue here . then you can install whichever rom you wish .
it seems that either your recovery is broken , or the ota update did not download correctly and the data is unable to be recovered . i would recommend starting anew , perhaps by installing a cyanogenmod rom so that way you are running the latest android ( 4.4.2 ) . head over to xda and find the instructions for the type of gnex you have ( gsm , sprint , verizon ) .
simple spreadsheet is freeware and lists import/export of csv as a feature . shead spreet lite also has similar features . in the non-freeware category , see csv viewer and androffice
documento - office viewer can open and view csv files . i believe it costs $1 , though it can open other files as well .
i use csv editor . its about $1.50 and works well .
i recommend the documento office app . very good app for opening a . csv file and the price is worth it .
tethering on three 's ( or most other uk telco providers ) unlimited plans is against their terms and conditions . you will have to switch to a plan that allows tethering or use an add-on . see their tethering info page for more information . also see their terms and conditions however some phones will still allow you to tether , i am surprised it does not work on the gs2 . did you buy it from three ? so the tether function still works , but when you do tether a laptop , they send you a message ? generally they detect mobile usage that comes from pcs and laptops and then they ban you . but tethering to other mobile devices seem to work , and also if you keep your data usage low , they may not bother . another possible work-around is to try and spoof the user agent and trick three into thinking that the data is being sent by a mobile device . however , this is not fool-proof and they may still be able to detect , for example downloading a windows update . just to be clear , i would still recommend you buy an addon or join a different plan which allows tethering . if you think the terms and conditions are unfair , file a complaint or switch telcos . update : information on three 's the one plan sim plans with all-you-can-eat data do not allow tethering ( except for the one plan ) . if you would like to tether , you will need to choose a pay monthly plan and / or an add-on that does allow tethering . so it is possible to get the one plan , for unlimited data and tethering . and from tethering explained if your smartphone plan includes all you can eat data , then this is for data consumption actually on your smartphone . it does not include using your smartphone as a modem to connect other devices such as laptops and tablets  also known as tethering . tethering is included in ( i ) the one plan ; ( ii ) the one plan sim only ; or ( iii ) by purchasing an ultimate internet plan with the tethering add on . the add-on can be purchased via my3 on your handset and is also available to customers on our talk and text plans . see their pay monthly plans
just reset your phone . if the issue persists , call them .
i have solved the problem with this app https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tetherunlocker be careful to have only one apn for mobile traffic and remove the apn for tethering traffic .
if your remote pc has linux , you could do it through scp command . see here an explication of the command . you could run this command from a terminal emulator like this one . short example : scp -r path/to/folder user@remote-PC:/path/to/where/to/save/the/files scp path/to/file user@remote-PC:/path/to/remote/location/where/to/save/file * -r option means recursively copy entire folder . if your remote pc has windows , take a look at pscp . another way is to install es file explorer file manager . * select the local files you wish to transfer ( actions -> copy ) * in lan section access a folder from your remote pc and paste ( actions -> paste ) the selected files . * the folder from remote pc has to be shared with write permission .
i use wifi file explorer for this sort of thing . there are free and paid versions . the app acts as a web server showing the file system as a web page with all the nessasary options to copy to and from another device viewing the website . you browse to it over the wifi link . works really well although for a really big transfer plugging the cable is is faster . it will be a year or two befor we start to get phones with 802.11ad style wifi with multi gigabit wifi speeds which will make this a doddle .
go to Settings &gt; wireless and network &gt; mobile networks . in the network mode , select gsm only . i was having the same issue , and this step solved the problem .
cat /proc/filesystems is the typical linux/unix way of determining this . it works fine on cyanogenmod , but i am not sure about other roms . if you want to filter out all of the other supported filesystems you could grep the output , too ( assuming you have got grep , of course ) : # cat /proc/filesystems | grep 'ext*' ext2 ext3 ext4 # 
after reading a bit this seems to be a pretty common issue with folks who are running skyraider on their devices . i do not know exactly what they are talking about , but apparently your radio needs to be the right version in order for your wifi to act properly . this thread over at incredibleforum looks like it might be where you need to start .
most likely the app has chosen not to show them for that particular input box . from a technical perspective , this is controlled by flags on the TextView object that represents the text area control ( e . g . the TYPE_TEXT_FLAG_NO_SUGGESTIONS option ) . i do not believe there is any way to override this setting if the app chooses to disable it . it is probably also important to note that it is a bit of a one-way street . suggestions are enabled by default on all text areas , but will obey the global setting , so an app can not forcibly enable suggestions in any way . if you have the global setting turned off , they are off everywhere . the logic that the developer documentation provides for allowing apps to forcibly disable suggestions is that in some cases they simply are not very useful . the specific relevant quote would be ( from the above link ) : . . . this is useful for text views that do not contain words from the language and do not benefit from any dictionary-based completions or corrections . . . i would wager the market disables them because app names and such have no obligation to be dictionary words , so suggestion attempts would often prove rather futile . i would also understand the same being true of your second example , which sounds like a source code editor ( i assume that is what you mean by " syntax highlighting" ) . it would be sort of akin to visual studio underlining misspelt words in source code - it provides no benefit since most of the text will not be dictionary words .
you can add the power control widget to the home screen to control those functions . open the app drawer , find the power control widget , long press and drag it to the home screen . there are also many widgets in the market that offer expanded functionality when compared to the stock widget .
the widgets you ask for are on the notifications menu on my galaxy stratosphere . however , it is possible that this is part of a carrier-provided ( verizon ) modification . for me , it is easily accessible , but out of the way , preventing accidental changes .
having same issue , seems like instant messenger records in google contacts are treated as informational note and are not actually treated as info about accounts . the workaround is to explicitly combine contact entry with skype entry in phone - that makes skype actions ( chat , call , video call ) available when clicking contact 's photo in contact list . ps weirdly for contacts that have skype login saved in google contact i see skype option show up under google talk action . gives same " not found " message .
uhhh . . . i get google+ notifications all of the time . check : Settings | Apps | Google+ | Show Notifications is checked in the google+ app , Overflow menu (three vertical dots) | Settings | Notifications is on . tap that entry and choose which types of notifications to get . i see posts and mentions mentions shares comments comments on a post after i commented circle subscriptions circles adds me photos tags me comments on a photo i am tagged in comments on a photo i tagged photos added from instant upload events invitations or updates to events reminders about events i am invited to activity on events i created communities invites me to a community
no . a factory reset does not re-lock your phone .
no because efs files will not be updated by factory reset
what version of android ? as of jellybean 4.2.2 , you had need a newer version of adb , as there is a security implementation built into jb 4.2.2 , in that , any " unauthorised " computer with usb cable plugged in , will show the device as offline , rendering any file transfer/copying etc useless . with the new version of adb as downloaded from google or for your device , you will be prompted to request authorisation and to allow it , based on a cryptographic key generated by adb so that the computer is " trusted " , then the contents can be copied/transferred .
i recommend you to use a vpn client to mask your original ip and circumvent lockout from youtube . vpn clients i personally use are : hotspot shield droid vpn one click vpn all of it are free but with some downsides . hotspot shield gives you a us ip but will put small ads when you are browsing . droidvpn free version is limited to 100mb a day and requires to registration . one click vpn free has no ads and no limit , but you cannot choose your preferred country ip , it will be randomly chosen .
as described in configuring adb for nexus 4 on ubuntu 11.10 , under linux it is important to be listed in either ~/.android/adb_usb.ini ( user based ) or /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules . syntax for both files differs : while in the first case it is sufficient to simply add the vendor id ( echo 0x18d1 &gt;&gt; ~/.android/adb_usb.ini for a nexus 4 ) , the entry for the udev rule is a bit more complex . details can be found in the linked question ( or rather its answers ) . im krlmlr 's case , it was not an " either-or " , but seemingly both parts were needed ( i never had that before , and i never even used the adb_usb.ini -- but that does not mean there are no such exceptions ) . by adding the device in both places ( which cannot hurt anyway ) , the device finally showed up . two additional remarks : after changing the udev rules , the udev service needs to be restarted to accept the changes . on ubuntu , this can be done via sudo service udev restart ( alternatively , you can simply force udev to reload its rules using udevadm control --reload-rules ) . if your device is still not detected , it most likely was plugged in while you did the changes ; you need to disconnect and reconnect the usb cable then . of course , usb debugging must be enabled in your device : ) example by krlmlr based on the following output of lsusb for the android device in question : Bus 002 Device 009: ID 2207:0010  it was necessary to create /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules as root with the following contents : SUBSYSTEM=="usb", ATTR{idVendor}=="2207", ATTR{idProduct}=="0010", MODE="0660", GROUP="plugdev"  and to create ~/.android/adb_usb.ini with the following contents : 0x2207  the first is required to allow regular users ( that belong to the group plugdev ) to access the device . note the permission mask 0660 instead of the frequently seen 0666 which is weaker from a point of view of security ( the latter allows " world " access , while the former only allows " user and group " access ) . the second is required so that adb attempts to talk to the device in the first place . after that : sudo chmod a+r /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules sudo udevadm control --reload-rules adb kill-server  and unplug+plug your android device . then , adb devices  finally showed the android device . remark by izzy : for my lg optimus 4x hd , it was sufficient to add one line to /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules: SUBSYSTEMS=="usb", ATTRS{idVendor}=="1004", ATTRS{idProduct}=="61a6", MODE="0666" GROUP="androiddev", SYMLINK+="android%n"  maybe the SYMLINK option makes the difference that i did not need the extra entry in ~/.android/adb_usb.ini .
try to edit adb_usb . ini and add your device id you can find it by going to the device manager find the " android adb interface " double click on it go to the details tab , and on the " property " drop down menu select " hardware ids " on the box below it labeled " values " you should see something like " usb\vid_2207 and pid_0010 and mi_01" the numbers maybe different based on your device vendor id , for example my vendor id is "2207" no open the adb_usb . ini located on the folders below and add your device id in hex format for example my device id is "2207" i will put it there as "0x2207" it is usually located in xp : \documents and settings . android\ windows 7: \users . android\ windows 7: \users . android\ but if the folder doesnt exist try to create it by using cmd . and if the file adb_usb . ini also doesnt exist you can create it using notepad and only pasting only your device id and save it on the . android folder .
izzys answer is misleading . two unrelated things were mixed up ( the vendor id list in adb on one side and the permission setup in linux on the other side ) . 1 ) devices considered by adb : adb has a hard-coded list of usb vendor ids it tries . e.g. htc mobile phones use 0xbb4 , which is listed ( source file usb_vendors . c ) , while 0x2207 is not . the only way to add to this list ( without patching the source ) is to put vendor ids in the file $HOME/.android/adb_usb.ini , line by line . ( home is set up right ? ) no special cable is needed . 2 ) permission setup for non-root access : the udev-fiddling is to give user-access to e.g. /dev/bus/usb/002/009 ( bus number/device number change ; see lsusb for current values ) . the details of this are not relevant to the original posters question , as he ran adb as root .
you cannot do this from with settings of the default camera . you could look at another camera app like camera streak ( blog ) . or you could roll your own , here is the relevant details you need to change : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/hardware/camera.parameters.html setexposurecomponent ( )
you can use long exposure camera 2 . this app can be used to achieve very long shutter exposure .
i just created a calendar event with a fully qualified url as the description and it became a live link when i viewed the event . what format are you using for the url ? ( for what it is worth , i have an original droid with android 2.2.1 . )
i think the best you can do at this point is to use the " featured tablet apps " page in the market ( this may be region-limited , it seems ) . the web version seems to have more apps listed than the tablet section on honeycomb 's market app . you could also log into the market website and filter searches based on whether or not the apps are compatible with your device ( the xoom , in this case ) , but the fact that they are compatible does not mean they are " optimized " for tablet so i suppose that is not quite the same . for games you could also install nvidia 's tegra zone app , but it is technically just designed for anything optimized for tegra chips ( so the atrix would be included but is not a tablet form factor ) . most of the games seem to be made with larger devices in mind , though .
no . on all android phones i am aware of , the " messaging " or sms app is just an sms app . it does not try to sucker you into using a proprietary chat service by pretending it is giving you free texts . there are many im and chat services for android if you want to use one instead of texting . like the iphone , there is even one that ships with the phone , but unlike the iphone , it is a separate app , called hangouts . hangouts looks and feels like a chat system , not an sms app , and it includes voice and video calling , sending files , and group calling . android allows third-party apps access to all the phone functions , so if you really want to use sms and a chat system in the same app , i am sure you can find a third-party sms app that includes both , such as skype .
i cannot find an option to do it easily but here are some solutions : you can export the contacts to your storage and import it to the right account . you can also share the contact by email for instance and send it to the right account . then just import it from your email . edit : if you have set up a default application for handling contacts intents ( for instance if another app such as outlook automatically imports the contacts ) , you will need to reset your intent associations . see how can i manage intent association with apps ? last option , you can use the contacts website ( on your computer ) which is in my opinion easier to use if you have multiple adjustments to make : https://www.google.com/contacts/
chainfire3d can do this , but requires root .
twilight works well , although it is just a screen filter , it is automated and very similar to f . lux if you move the color temp to the right more i love it although it does look terrible , it is all we have , and i am not going to root my phone just to have a true color temp change that is insane , plus it voids my warranty which i need to have and rooting is insanely difficult , do not tell me it is easy i have read the instructions for it -- it is not easy
well i know for a fact that there is cyanogenmod rom which has " filter options " one of them being only turn on red , i know its not automatic , but there is widgets for the home screen . i am pretty sure there is a way to do it by app but it would require root access .
would color filter service fit your needs ? there is a half-screen demo available in the market that you can try out as well . you can tweak the rgb values of the filter however you want , so if you want a red filter just crank up the red slider and do not adjust the g/b values .
you can try the screen filter app .
it does not provide red tint , but for late night , ultra-dim reading i use adjbrightness . it does require a rooted device .
neyetlight looks like it would do the trick .
methods i know of that do change the color of the screen require flashing a custom kernel . i do not know of one that purposely makes the color less accurate , however . one kernel for galaxy s phones is called voodoo color . if you are a developer , i suggest contacting them and asking how you could do it ; otherwise you had probably need to hire someone . edit : apparently this can be done through an app , i had no idea . still , this is an option .
i dont know if this will help but there is an app in the market named " screen adjuster " by netman that allows you to control the red tint on the phone
as explained in my comments on the question itself : a restore is more than just the .apk files . all parts of the system need to fit together , or you might run into trouble ( unstable system , things not working as expected , apps crashing , and the like ) . there are different approaches to backup and restore , and one should not mix them without the required experience . nandroid a nandroid backup ( as it is done by e.g. clockworkmod ) basically creates full images of all your device 's partitions , without any abstraction . this does not necessarily mean one could not pick single items out of a nandroid backup , but its not that trivial . if you restore a single partion only ( such as /data ) , it must fit the other parts of the system . the /data partition also holds the /data/dalvik-cache , for example , which consists of the byte-code for all installed apps , optimized for the rom which created it . if you e.g. would restore the /data partition from a backup of rom-x to a device with rom-y , those dex ( dalvik executables ) would not fit . also rom-y might use different directory structures for several things , which are not reflected here . you see , it would not be such a good idea . adb backups backups created with the adb backup command are a different case : they are " abstracted " . if you look into such an archive , you will not find the directory structure reflected . thus at least in theory , an app backup ( including the apps ' data ) created on rom-x should restore fine on rom-y , as the adb daemon on the device should take care of what belongs where . titanium backup somehow comparable with the afore-mentioned adb backup . tibu uses its own format , and furthermore offers a " migration mode " when restoring backups from a different rom . tibu can also extract apps/data from nandroid ( and adb ? ) backups , and hopefully fits them in fine even between different roms . other details as you correctly noted : no , titanium backup is not needed to restore a nandroid backup . the same script collection ( nandroid ) used for the backup process would take care for the restore as well , again from the same place ( clockworkmod recovery ) . but as described above : titanium backup is able to read from backup files created with nandroid . as a last line , i want to repeat what i wrote in the beginning : nandroid , adb backup , and titanium are using completely different concepts . though it is possible to mix them on a restore , this should only be done by experienced users understanding those concepts and knowing what they are doing .
it seems that this behavior is present in all recent chinese roms from huawei and there is no way to disable it . however , i found a workaround for it ; the message only popsup if you have wifi and data enabled and you lose wifi connectivity . then your phone will ask if it is allowed to switch from wifi to data . so , if you make sure wifi is disabled before switching to data , it will not ask this question . to do so manually , takes a lot of time . luckily there is an app that can automate this task for you . here 's how : install the app ' llama ' from the market ( free ) and create these two events : the 1 second delay is necessary , else it does not work properly . what it does : switch off wifi as soon wifi disconnects from your wifi network and then enables data . this way , it does not show the popup and ' automatically ' switch to data . do not forget to manually enable wifi again if you are in reach again of your wifi network . if you want llama to automatically turn back wifi on as soon you get home/in reach of your wifi , you have to let it learn your location . read the help/documentention on how to do so . it is pretty easy to do : ) this ' fix ' works for me 9 out 10 times . give it a try , i hope it helps you .
wifi pppoe by cnddu is an app that allows you to make a pppoe connection from your phone over a wireless connection : . . . main purpose is for user to make pppoe connection via wifi , e.g. dialing through adsl modem with user name and password provided by some internet isps . this app makes the android devices be able to connect to internet directly via pppoe dialing through wifi , and no need for another wifi router any more . note that a rooted phone with busybox installed is required to use this app . there are also a number of other similar apps available in the play store now , some free , some not . they all currently seem to require a rooted phone . ( answer rescued from deletions )
you could use http://www.junefabrics.com/android/download.php . you need to install the app on your phone and on your laptop . works with windows .
skitch ( same developer as evernote ) can draw on top of a picture , but not on a document .
yes , you can move any apps that do not normally allow it , including system apps , if you have root . note that most apps that does not allow moving usually do not allow it for a good reason , so if you force move you may get crashes and other stability issues . you need an app2sd application that uses root , like this : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.droidsail.dsapp2sd
applications that came installed with the system usually do not allow moving to the sd card ( some may have good reasons ) . you can deal with this as follows ( following this guide ) : adb shell , then su - to get root access ( you will need to have this set up separately using something like superuser ) pm uninstall -k followed by the package name then install the application from the market , in which case you should be able to move it to the sd card .
from : stackexchange-url stackexchange-url https://github.com/cgeo/c-geo-opensource/issues/703 all of these people are posting issues or logcats relating to the gps on their phone , i would imagine yours is something similar if it is in a line like : DEBUG/(2696): [HYPOS] NOMOVE Time 13114, PowerMode 2, GPSWeakSignal 19, GPSFixTime 0, Car 1, DOE 3  the fact it also says gps in the log cat entry is a hint also .
an app developer can use any word as log tag . the log tag ' hypos ' can be from any good/bad app that you have installed in you phone .
media scanner scans both sd card as well as usb storage , but not rom and system storage . means , it scans from /sdcard/ and /sdcard/external_sd/ mount points . it goes deep inside all non-hidden sub-directories , unless .nomedia file is detected . media scanner skips rom and system storage because both require root permission to write anything there . and , its very unlikely for an end-user to store music , photo there .
please try the following : select the duplicate contact edit the contact access the menu for the edit contact page , and select the join action select the contact you want to merge with from the suggested list , or search for the appropriate one . doing this will link the contacts .
i am not sure about the galaxy nexus , but the older galaxy models can output analog video through the headphone jack . the cable is similar to nokia ca-75u . since the phone is a google reference model without samsung 's addons , i am not sure if this works , but i would say it is worth a try .
i ended up getting the digital to analog converter off amazon . i tried the suggestion of onik but galaxy nexus has different 3.5mm jack than other galaxy phones . i even tried my old htc incredible video out cable that goes through a modified microusb but i did not fit the galaxy nexus microusb port . there was no solution , that i could find , for an analog video other than the digital to analog converter . i installed it today and it works perfectly so i my phone mirrors to my head units display without a hitch . the only trouble i ran into was powering the ac powered unit . i already had a dc to ac converter so i just plugged the ac power of the video converter box in to the power converter box and hit it away in my glove box ( many conversions , haha . ) it looks seamless until you open the glove box .
have you tried using a custom launcher first ? nova and apex ( among others ) give you a stock aosp feel with many extras including the ability to use custom icon packs . you can get a customized look and feel without the warranty concerns that come with rooting and custom roms .
you will have to create your own custom rom , e.g. customize the aosp build , which is the most standard android version you can imagine , no extra 's from htc or samsung etc .
yes , you can , but needed to use compartible rom ( if you do not want to break your phone ) . but before flashing it is recommended to read forums , were potential and actual problems with rom are described . example : xda developers forums , android development subforums for you device ( rom are hardware specific ) . every phone with unlocked or possible to unlock bootloader .
looks like the icon for the " silent " or " vibrate " mode . these icons are different depending on the skin manufacturers/carriers put on their phone , but those wavy lines usually represent vibration .
the third table in this page mentions " vibrate": https://motorola-global-portal.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/48504/~/droid-x---phone-status-%26-notifications even though the first table clearly depicts a different icon for the vibration mode , although with the same zigzag pattern . the pattern is also the same as the icon i have for vibration mode on my sgs : cheers !
i use anti sms spam and private box . it can block messages from specified number/unknown number . messages with specified word can also be filtered .
you could try call blocker gold , it seems to have the features you are looking for .
you could use sanity , which seems to have the feature you want ( from app description ) : block unwanted calls and sms : automatically refuse incoming calls and sms filtering out the phone number ( include or exclude anonymous and/or unknown numbers , favourites , contacts and groups ; enable the block by choosing date and time ) ; advanced : choose between different block methods to confuse the caller !
in general i do not know how you can do that , but a very nice question . i would also like to know about it . i do not know if you were giving example or asking about that google login . if you are asking about it , its a security feature . whenever you change your sim card android asks you to login again .
i am assuming that you are talking about kindle fire which runs ( heavily modified ) android os . all purchases made on a kindle are linked to whatever amazon account you are signed in with , not the actual device . if you wish for your purchases to be separated , you will need to have a different amazon account for your second kindle fire . now the problem is that there is no way to share purchases between accounts . as far as i know , you cannot add a second amazon account to the kindle ( like you can with multiple google accounts on plain android . )
it sounds like you have hard-bricked your phone . the only thing you can do to get it back is send it in to get it jtagged , or jtag it yourself . the jtagging process is quite complex and unless you have a lot of experience in hardware hacking , you probably should just send it in to have someone else do it right . i had a similar situation to the one you are in : is there a way to restore my samsung galaxy s3 ( sch-i747 ) ? which ultimately led to : how risky ( if all ) is it to return a rooted android device under &#39 ; warranty&#39 ; i returned my phone to at and t under warranty and they just send me a new one . i did a lot of research on at and t and samsung to see their policies on returned phones . basically after searching the internet for a couple of days i had concluded that the general consensus is this : should you return a bricked phone that you were trying to root ? no , it is a breach of the warranty and the warranty is null and void will i get caught if i try to return a phone that i bricked while trying to root it ? highly unlikely . if your device is not under warranty , then you have to send it in to get jtagged . in order for your phone to get jtagged , they have to open it up and do all sorts of stuff to it . if your warranty is still in effect , i would highly recommend going that route first .
you nay also want to try using a variety of file transfer programs like soft data cable or es file explorer file manager ; both of which should be able to transfer via bluetooth , or over wifi ( ftp , etc ) if you connect them on the same network . another alternative may be using a usb hosting app such as stick mount but requires root access !
another confirmation that the back tick is not on swype . but , you do not need to dig that deep to switch . . long press in the input area , choose " input method " and then you can select the samsung or android keyboards . another long press and two clicks and you are back to swype .
i have never used that symbol on my phone before , but looked in my version of swype , not the galaxy s version but still the latest update , and did not find the backtick . looks like you will have to send an email to the swype team and hope they listen , or get around using it . sorry man .
if you only need the backtick for when you are entering code on stackexchange sites , then there is actually no reason to type the character . any time you are in a question or answer box , there is a set of icons just above the box , pressing the 101 010 button puts a pair of matching backticks into the text box at the current cursor location , with some replacable text in between , now just type over that text with swype ( or paste over ) . works perfectly on my galaxy s with swype enabled . edit for more recent versions of swype , see miquelfire 's answer where the backtick is now available as an extended character on the .' key beside the space bar .
holding down the '. key will get you a menu of extra characters to type . i saw the ` there . 2012-10-09 update : i recently check with the beta version of swype , and noticed that the ` had moved to r4 key , but my original answer is still valid for the version of swype built into my phone . future versions of swype may move special keys around , and you may need to hunt them down .
your router in the office is blocking ports - while accepting port 80 for http requests . contact your administrator . i know , at my office , our admin had to change some settings ( but i do not know what ports were necessary ) .
i would say all videos players , but in doubt i tested : aosp gallery : works . the new " photos " app that comes with google+ : works . mx player ( free ) : works .
thats a strange error , currently there are 2 common problems with the couchdb install , is that it isnt currently supported on 2.3.3 and above is that your external storage isnt mounted on /sdcard/ ( or it is currently mounted as a drive ) are either of those true ? if so then they are already on https://github.com/couchbaselabs/couch-android-launcher/issues and i will update there when they are fixed , if not if you could run adb logcat it would be extremely useful cheers dale
not sure if this is what you are looking for , but the default calendar allows you to repeat events . the following repeat options exist : none daily weekly ( every sunday ) every 2 weeks ( sunday ) monthly ( every last sun ) monthly ( on day 29 ) yearly ( on april 29 ) note : the dates are sunday , because it is sunday here .
google tasks organizer lite by tinjasoft does that .
astrid has support for scheduled reminders based on completion date . cloud support is also present - tasks sync with astrid . com also remember the milk allows a user to schedule due dates depending on the completion of a task - one needs to enter " after x days " instead of " every x days " . android and ios apps available .
any . do is very good , easy to use , flexible and has postponable reminders . they also have a cal extension . millions use any . do every day to remember all the tasks they want to-do and make sure they get them done . key benefits : seamless cloud sync , speech recognition , alerts , any . do moment , snooze tasks , google task sync , notes , sub tasks , amazing widgets , repeating / recurring tasks , missed call , auto complete , in app actions , gesture support and much more !
bookmark the page in the browser , then exit the browser . there is an app called ' icon changer free ' that can be used to change icons for apps and shortcuts . use it to create a new bookmark shortcut within that app , and change the icon to the one you want to use . it also offers a small selection of basic image editing tools , but it would be better if you had the icon prepared beforehand .
when i wanted to do this , i found the available apps sorely lacking , so i wrote a home screen widget which can do this . the image can be a static one , or you can refresh it from the internet periodically ( e . g . from an rss feed ) . you can set it to open a website when clicked , or launch an app of your choice ( amongst other things ) . the app is called showr , and it is a free download from google play . ( there is a " pro " version with more options . )
from the developer page , background data is used for " an application that uses the network in the background . " for example , a quick search tells me the market requires this to be turned on . keeping background data set to on is what enables you to keep data from gmail , weather , facebook , twitter , etc . up to date without having to manually refresh/sync each of them . also realize that battery usage increases with each app or account that is utilizing background data . i notice twitter has several time increments to choose from in terms of synchronization rate - this helps balance between having the latest data and preserving battery . hope it helps .
thank god i figured out how to fix it . the problem was that i was using software that was meant to root a first gen nexus 7 , and i had the second gen ( 2013 ) version . whoops . in order to fix it , i downloaded the unroot/stock toolkit from http://www.androidrootz.com/2013/08/nexus-7-one-click-toolkit-for-mac-2013.html and then downloaded the factory images for the nexus 7 2013 from google 's site , https://developers.google.com/android/nexus/images#razor i then used the unroot/stock toolkit to reload the bootloader and factory image . after this , my nexus worked fine . i was still able to root , but this time i made sure to use the correct software to do so .
there is some options that i found after trying and researching : myshoebox : this seems to be the most " dedicated " app for this thing , but there are limitations like the max size of image and resolution ( free plans ) . cloudii : like foldersync , but free just for a couple of days , and there is a option to automatically send camera photos , is easy to use . dropsync : does the same , but only for dropbox , and you can choose which folders , or file type to filter , but just in a excluding way . flickruploader : maybe not the best option because of the flickr terms about usage of the service . but i think , the most advanced option is foldersync , the only that can filter files by type ( not images only ) and features advanced options .
there are tons of apps that will allow you to backup images to the cloud in addition to dropbox . some are more " aggressive " than others . google+ auto-backup copy carbonite mobile bittorrent sync more . . .
a very flexible solution for this issue is offered by foldersync : this app not only allows you to specify which local folders should be synchronized with which remote ones , but also supports a ton of different services , including dropbox , ftp/sftp/ftps , google drive/docs , webdav , ubuntu one , and a bunch of others . i use it myself for dropbox and sftp , and am very satisfied ( switched to the payed version quite soon after having tried it ) .
i found a related github repo but do not know if its official or from some rom developer . from the source the file heads_of_state . txt is listed under ime but has been removed in the latest commit ( the only other commit ) . the commit message is " deleted uneeded lg 's calibration apk " . i can not conclude anything from this but maybe this will be helpful .
just found this strange python script that is included in the xt9 . note that it uses the ' heads_of_state . txt ' file as input for something . seems like a sorting script or something .
i searched the internet for it , and the file seems is for developers testing purpose , this file can be found in other platforms either . i found it in : python android php seems like foo bar case
try betterbatterystats or gsam battery monitor pro . both apps can provide you information on which apps/processes/services are initiating wakelocks , how many times they are doing it and how long they are keeping the device from going into a deep sleep . this may help you identify if it is an app or a system process that is going crazy and waking your phone when it should be idle . they both have free versions but i have only used the pro version so i am not sure if the free versions will accomplish the same thing .
try uninstalling some applications . the same thing happened to me and i fixed it by uninstalling my most recently installed app .
this happened to me , samsung galaxy s3 , was killing the battery . after chasing my tail wrt applications , i found a post about the power connector on the bottom of the phone . if it gets slightly bent down it will cause a problem ( short against something i assume ) and cause the screen to intermittently become active . take a non-conductive ( not metal ) thin piece of something and very gently move the power connector so it is centered in the hole where it sits . then try hooking up the power charger ; it is easy to move it too much , so the it can not plug in . the idea is to center the connector in the hole . if this looks beyond you , find your nearest friendly geek . fixes the problem immediately .
i am one of responsible developer of uzumapps . we developed app called " wakelock detector" ( wld ) for showing statistics of wakelock usage . it is an alternative app for betterbatterystats or gsam monitor . if your screen lightens up randomly , then i think some app is holding " full_wake_lock " with acquire_causes_wakeup flag , check : powermanager our app shows " full_wake_lock " statistics also , which will help you to determine the suspicious app . most probably it will be the currently running process . wld at googleplay
i fixed it by flashing clockworkmod and the boot image manually . then , i used the volume down and power buttons to get into it . now , i am running android 4.0.4 ics again .
what worked for me was going onto my pc , opening gmail contacts , and deleting the contact photos one by one . then voila , the non-compressed pictures are back on my android .
apparently , this is fixed as of android 4.1 jelly bean : see the api overview for jelly bean and you find this :
this is due to a limitation of gmail more than anything . gmail only supports contact icons with a resolution of 6464 , while ics supports up to 256256 . when you give a contact an icon , android uploads that new contact icon to gmail . . . which then promptly downscales it . . . . and then android thinks you changed it to the low-res icon and uses that instead of the nice and pretty one you picked out .
i am not sure if your issue is the one i am addressing : gmail does not save anything bigger than 96x96 . so when your contacts are synced with gmail , they are downsized . if you wipe your phone and re-sync , the 96x96 photos will be downloaded to your phone . i could not find any solution but to write my own app , which uploads the high quality photos to picasaweb under a private album . give the app a try : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.oxplot.contactphotosync
let 's get one thing clear , the contact resolution is still too damn low , even after the " fix " for 4.1 where the pictures were slightly enlarged . as of now , there is only one workaround if you want crisp contact pictures . create a folder with high resolution contact pictures . it is a great idea to backup this folder to dropbox or similar , you do not want to have to collect these pictures again . download hd contacts ( free ) from google play . this app will let you specify one " hd " ( high resolution ) contact picture for each contact . you can backup the database of contacts/apps from here , and you can redo all contact pictures in a batch when needed ( like after installing a new rom ) . until this is fixed server side and google allows the sync of shiny high resolution pictures , all we can discuss is workarounds , and this is the one i find to work the best .
i have a samsung galaxy nexus running ics 4.0.4 . when i navigate to the settings-> accounts and synchronization screen and select an account ( specifically the account i use for google talk and the google play store ) those two apps are not present in the list of apps that can be enabled / disabled for background synchronization . if these apps are performing background synchronization , it is no longer a user settable option to disable it .
yes , background data is always enabled since ice cream sandwich . see the note in the documentation for android.net.ConnectivityManager.getBackgroundDataSetting(): as of ICE_CREAM_SANDWICH , availability of background data depends on several combined factors , and this method will always return true . instead , when background data is unavailable , getActiveNetworkInfo() will now appear disconnected . vending ( the internal name for the android market , in fact com.android.vending ) uses C2DM to receive install requests ( take a look at its application manifest ; even on ics , it still has c2dm receivers ) . afaik , c2dm only works when background data is available . some time ago , i read a blog post somewhere ( which unfortunately i am not finding right now ) explaining how the android market ( the post was from before it was renamed ) worked . iirc , even when you asked to install an application directly on your device ( instead of indirectly via the https://market.android.com/ web site ) , all it did was to send a request to the google servers , which then sent your device ( via c2dm ) an install request . this explains why vending needs background data&mdash ; it cannot do anything without being able to receive requests via c2dm from the google servers . i do not know about google talk , but from what i have heard , it has used c2dm since before c2dm was available to the public . again , this would explain why it needs background data to work . afaik , background sync is completely separate from background data , other than the fact that obviously it cannot sync in the background if background data is disabled , and the fact that you could change it from within the sync screen in the settings application .
what happens is this , depending on the settings within sms app , ( really its actually mms app ) , ' delete old messages ' option delete old messages as limits are reached , if that was checked , then once it hits the threshold of 200 texts , android will wipe them , to make room for more incoming messages . now , if that was not checked , android does nothing but . . . it will slow down the handset to a crawl because it is loaded down with say , hundreds of messages , because android is keeping track of it . if you really care about your sms , it might be best to use sms backup restore and just back them up periodically .
it could be that you have enable something like google latitude tracking , which goes via the maps app on your phone . maybe have a look at the settings in your maps app to see if there is nothing enabled that works in the background , and prevents the application from stopping . maybe you have used the application some time before that error ? because android will not immediately close applications , so it could be that the maps app is still open from a couple of hours ago . maybe some other application is trying to open the maps application for you ? if you for example click on an address or something like that , most apps will try to open your default maps application . so maybe you have opened/connected to the maps app without really knowing ?
newly installed third-party keyboards need to be enabled in your settings before they become selectable . make sure you have it checked under Settings-&gt;Language &amp; Keyboard after installing .
this is not directly possible ( as noted in the comment below your question ) . you can let google save them to their cloud : go to : settings-> privacy and enable those two options : back up my data ( back up application data , wi-fi passwords , [ . . . ] ) automatic restore also , say yes when you are prompted if you want to restore data during the first time set up of your new sgs3 . if you have done the first time setup already withouth that option enabled , then maybe the automatic restore settings does it afterwards ( not tried yet , though ) .
it looks like the cyanogenmod installation instructions for m7 are missing a section for flashing clockworkmod recovery onto the phone . right after you unlock the bootloader , you need to do the following : download and install android sdk tools from here ( expand the " download for other platforms " , and it should be under the " sdk tools only " section . ) download the latest version of clockworkmod recovery image from here . scroll down to " htc one " and select either the regular or touch recovery . save the .img file somewhere on your computer . download and install usb drivers for the phone . restart your phone in bootloader mode by turning it off , and then turning it on while holding the volume down button . connect the phone to your pc via usb cable . your pc should recognize it . open command prompt ( assuming windows here ) and navigate to the platform-tools subfolder of where you installed the sdk tools ( e . g . cd C:\android-sdk\platform-tools ) ensure the connection works by issuing the following command : fastboot devices this should show you the serial number of your phone . if this returned nothing or gave you an error , something went wrong during usb driver installation . flash the recovery by using the following syntax : fastboot flash recovery [path-to-recovery.img-file] . for example : fastboot flash recovery c:\recovery-clockwork-touch-6.0.4.6-m7.img this sends the recovery image to your phone and flashes it . wait for the success message . issue the following commands : fastboot erase cache followed by fastboot reboot-bootloader your phone should reboot back into bootloader mode , and you should now be able to enter recovery and continue with flashing cm .
yes . this is almost certainly a hardware problem and the touchscreen may need to be replaced .
uninstalling all play store ( market ) app updates fixed it for me . go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage Applications and uninstall the updates from the play store app . this will leave you with an older version of the app , which is probably named " market " . then you should be able to install or update apps . after a while the play store update will be installed once again , but you still will be able to install or update apps .
yes , you will have to manually switch to home profile when you come back home . its what you can find in classic mobile phones . if you want to automate it , there're plenty of apps for that : tasker + profile4tasker ( paid ) , automateit ( free ) , llama ( free ) , locale + profile4tasker ( paid )
i was looking for the same answers on the same question . this post from the cm team had all the answers i was looking for : http://wiki.cyanogenmod.org/w/enduser.profiles
as listed in http://wiki.cyanogenmod.org/w/enduser.profiles ( already mentioned ) , the only support for automatic switching provided out-of-the-box with cyanogenmod is via clock ( alarms ) application . each alarm can also trigger a profile change . for wifi- , location- , etc- based changes you had have to use other options . some of them are also listed on the above wiki page .
when updating to 10.1.3 , the google maps icon becomes visible at the bottom of the profile being edited . there , you can select triggers based on joining a certain wi-fi network , etc .
actually with no additional applications , they can switch automatically say on a particular wifi connection/disconnection , but discovering that feature is hiding in a most non-intuitive location . at the bottom of the profile edit page hiding near your home button you will see a " google map " placemarker icon . click on it . that takes you to the trigger page , where you can set the profile to automagically activate/deactivate on wifi or bluetooth and i think nfc though i have never used that particular tech " feature " looking for a useful purpose .
mtp is the better option in most cases , since the protocol is actually designed for this use . ptp is offered as an alternative since macs do not understand mtp by default ( you need to install " android file transfer " on the mac to make mtp work ) . this protocol was designed for pcs to access photos from digital cameras , so it can only access the photos on the phone , and it might trigger a photo management app on the pc instead of a file manager . to learn more about why mtp was introduced , see my answer to why is android file transfer necessary ?
you can do this via wifi , using a remote management app like e.g. airdroid or , when on windows , myphoneexplorer . there are a lot more apps like this , and they give you the added benefit of being able to manage a lot of other things remotely -- as e.g. reading/writing sms , managing apps/contacts/ringtones , copying files between your device and your computer , and sometimes even backup stuff . most of them ( like the mentioned airdroid 1 ) start a web service on your device , which you then can access with your browser . this often looks like a " virtual pc " ( see screenshot below ) . others ( like here myphoneexplorer 2 ) have a native pc-client , which can even do more ( like here : synchronizing with outlook and others ) . airdroid managing pictures myphoneexplorer windows client
a quick solution : just copy them in dcim ( to use gallery as a source ) or store them in picasa . it'll allow you to get them from another handset if you want : ) edit ( thanks to matt ) : you can put the file in any folder of your fs , and android will find it and suggest it as a wallpaper .
i believe your installation was selected for the experiment ( aka field trial ) . the chrome team sometimes rolls experimental features to a limited number of users ( like 2% of all installation ) . then they gather some statistics to see how this feature performs . the new style of the new tab page seems to be one of those experiments . you can turn it on ( and off ) via chrome://flags page in your browser ( search for enable-new-ntp ) .
please make sure contact syncing is enabled for the particular activesync account . you can check by going to settings > accounts . select your activesync account and ensure contacts are selected . you can also check accounts settings from the contact app by opening the menu . then try creating a new contact , it should prompt you to choose a destination ( phone , email etc ) .
you need a launcher app to do such things . try using launchers available on playstore , like nova launcher . launcher will give you access to hiding notification bar , configuring desktop grid , playing around with doc and so on .
with rooting there is no guarantee that you won ' lose your data , but in general it is safe . for rooting the htc legend it looks like the following is the best method : register with htc dev and unlock you bootloader get the acs htc super tools and drivers from here install the drivers unrar the super tools ensure your phone has usb debugging enabled plug phone into computer and run supertool . exe do options 1 and 3 ( in that order ) to root your phone download the s-off file from here move that file to the htcsupertoolv3\root\ folder where adb and fastboot are open a command prompt and navigate to the root folder where you put the s-off image from above run the following commands :  adb reboot bootloader   fastboot flash recovery recovery-clockwork-5.0.2.0-legend.img  you are now rooted with a custom recovery . note : i do not have an htc legend and this is just a synthesis of research that i have done .
i finally worked out how to do this . i used z4root to gain root access and it worked perfectly . i was able to get the data i needed without any problems at all .
unfortunately , there is no way to do this , even if you were to be rooted . the sdcard filesystem does not support being mounted as ro . if you try to mount it , you will get an error . as well as this , the only way to mount it ro , if there was one , would require root .
i disagree with liam 's answer . its possible with root , you can just use the " root explorer " app on play store and navigate to /storage/extsdcard/ and on the top , click the " mount r/o " button to mount the drive as read only . surely if you know the linux codes , you should be able to make it into a widget for it :p ( one line or so ) ( i think there is an app that makes widgets from busybox codes ) - that could be your answer
assuming you are speaking about the short message service : for sending pictures without text , that is done via a special " signal channel " , where exactly 160 bytes fit into a single package ( hence the limit of 160 chars ) . but when you want to include more ( more text , multi-media elements like pictures or video , or some other attachments ) , those " additional data " do not fit into this " package "  so your message is switched to mms . other than sms , mms are sent and received via mobile data ( often via a special access point configured in your device ) . so this is the reason why it requires your data plan to send " pictures with text": you basically switch to a different service . details can be found behind the links , if needed .
yes you can do this . for this , i am assuming you are using the stock google keyboard . open settings and tap on language and input . tap on the settings icon next to google keyboard . tap input languages at the top . deselect " use system language " and then select any keyboard languages you wish to use . now in the keyboard , the space bar will display the current selected language . to change to one of the other active languages , press and hold the space bar and select the language you wish to use .
http error 500 indicates a server problem . you should report the problem to the owner of the website so they can fix it . some sites deliberately behave differently for different browsers and oses , so that could be triggering the problem at the server . there is one more possibility , if you are using mobile data ( instead of wi-fi ) to access the site . most carriers use a transparent web proxy to compress data you access on the web ( especially pictures ) , to use less bandwidth . obviously this only works when you are using http : for https , the carrier 's proxy server does not know what the page contains . if you are seeing the same problem on several sites , it could be that the error is coming from the proxy server ( or is otherwise caused by the proxy server ) , not the site you are trying to access . in this case , another phone on a different network would not show the same problem . if you are using mobile data , and you suspect this problem , you can check whether it happens on wi-fi too .
androidevolved has guides for rooting your motorola flipside . the easiest solution is to use superoneclick . download superoneclick , and extract it . connect your device to the computer . ensure that sd card is not mounted . if it is mounted , unmount it . enable usb debugging from phone > settings > application development > development . open superoneclick . exe . click on universal tab if you are going to root any android device like nexus one , galaxy s , droid etc . click on samsung captivate if that is your phone . click on root tab and wait for the process to finish . [ this will take some time ] once completd , you would get a popup box that would confirm that rooting has been successful . restart your phone . source
try this : android forums - moto flipside you will probably find answers to almost all your questions in here .
under " settings " then " call settings " in gingerbread there are two settings that might be doing this . 1 call forwarding . this might be referring incoming calls to a dead number . 2 call rejection . this could be rejecting your calls - just adjust the options set . if you have a new phones but amended its ' birth ' number to the original number you used on the old network this might have something to do with it too . i did once have a phone which in certain situations remembered its original number which was by then not live on any network- just a thought .
in adb shell or terminal emulator ( and most likely over ssh ) you can use the pm utility to install apps . the command is : pm install /sdcard/app1 . apk the following are the switches of pm: for example , you can force the app to install directly to the external storage ( froyo/gingerbread style . ) p.s. the wget utility should be available via busybox on cm7 . if not , you can always install it via android market .
i would suggest you plug your phone into a pc with the sdk ( or at least adb ) installed and in debugging mode . after this , write a script that goes through your apps and installs them via adb , e.g. adb install x:\path\to\app1.apk .
i am using the same method and yes ssh is great ! but it seems when you ssh to android it gets a different shell than sh so if you put sh in front of the command it should work . here 's an example : sh /system/bin/pm install app1.apk
the asus eee pad transformer uses a usb 3.0 cable . i have seen noises elsewhere on the ' net that it will only charge on a usb 3.0 socket . this is likely associated with the extra power only available on usb 3.0 .
as i have just discovered , the latest cyanogenmod 10 nightlies have this feature . unfortunately it does not ever display an on-screen menu key . as a workaround , i mapped long-press of the menu key to its old function .
you could try using adb to change the device back to dalvik . however , you will need to have had usb debugging enabled . if you can not do the below , a factory reset may be your only option . android debug bridge ( adb ) a prgram made by google for programmers and developers . its based on command line and basically communicates with your android to respond to certain commands . setting up adb pre requirements:- pc java runtime environment or java development kit your device drivers an android device usb debugging must be turned on in the device for adb to see it . if you are having trouble completing pre-requisites , there are several guides featuring them . first download android sdk . there may be any compressed zip file or exe file if zip file , then extract it to c:\android-sdk if exe file then double click on it and install it in c:\ drive ( or any other drive you want ) now to get adb and other tools , you need to download ' platform tools ' to download them , go to the android-sdk folder and double click on sdk manager it will ask you which package to download ? however , it is your choice which package to download , but here , we will only talk about platform tools . so , simply tick on platform tools and click on install . once you have done it . go to the platform-tools folder in the directory where you installed android-sdk . you will find several files there like adb , fastboot , aapt , etc now , you can backup the whole folder of android-sdk to any external storage that will make you not download package again if you want to . you can have it placed in any computer and run it as it does not require registry to work now , you are just one step away from using adb . next step is skipping setting environment variable ( if you however want to set environment variables . click on show content ) you can easily append the sdk platform-tools and tools folder to your systems environmental path variable directly from command line ( cmd ) by simply issuing one command and performing a system reboot : SETX PATH "%PATH%;SDK_Install_Path\platform-tools;SDK_Install_Path\android-sdk-windows\tools" -m just replace the " sdk_install_path " in the above with the proper path of your sdk installation . example : c:\android-sdk-windows type cmd in the search bar . copy cmd . exe from there . go to the directory where you have installed android-sdk . go to platform-tools folder . paste cmd there , right click on it and in the settings , select run as administrator . to change back to dalvik : adb shell 'echo libdvm.so &gt;/data/property/persist.sys.dalvik.vm.lib' 
volume limiter i stumbled upon your question googling the same thing
there is an option to minimize the unlock section by default in the lock screen section of the settings app . maximize widgets show widgets maximized and the unlock minimized when the screen is turned on .
i strongly recommend using appmonster ( or rather appmonster pro ) not only for this issue , but in general . it can create backups of all your installed apps , and the pro version even offers to do so automatically on each install/update . that way you cannot only transfer .apk files to another device ( as in your current case ) , but also have a fall-back available in case an update breaks stuff ( or removed features ) : as appmonster keeps multiple backups ( one per install/update ) , you can easily revert to any version previously installed . saved my day more than once .
if you are rooted you can go to /data/app in your file manager and can copy the files . if you are not rooted you can use any one of the following app apk extractor bluetooth app sender
try es file explorer under settings select app manager and select all apps . and select backup on the action bar below . a backup of all apps apk is created to your sd card probably under backups folder ( or check /set backup folder on your es file explorer , settings-> directory settings ) now you have got all apps apk . . you can either transfer them through bluetooth/wi-fi /usb connection you can select system apps too if your phone 's rooted
everything you have bought or installed from the play store is listed under your account . a lot of the time apps that have been withdrawn from the store are still visible to people who've used them before in this list : https://play.google.com/apps if you look down that list then you should be able to see the apps that you have installed before and push them to any of your devices .
this is a protection that htc uses to ensure quality in their devices . to re-install their custom stock you must re-lock you phone , to do this place you phone into fast-boot mode and plugin in via usb : at the command line ( or where ever you may have the fastboot binary ) execute these commands : fastboot devices fastboot oem lock this will lock your bootloader and allow you to run the ruu . your device should now report " locked " . after your device is locked , proceed with running your * . exe on windows . ( make sure you are installing the right one first ! ) list of ruu 's : http://androidfiles.org/ruu/?developer=endeavor full tutorial : http://androidforums.com/one-s-all-things-root/691874-guide-how-run-ruu-your-htc-one-s.html
one solution would be to use a program such as teamviewer and set the computer 's cursor to a red dot , or just use the regular cursor . teamviewer has a program that runs on the computer , and an app that allows you to control the computer from your phone . i think it would work quite well for what you have in mind .
it is totally possible , and there are a lot of remote touchmouse apps available on the android market . just search remote mouse , touch mouse , etc . that being said , i think that will be even nicer is to have an app that uses the orientation of the device as the cursor position , i.e. it works like a real laser pointer . ( that i have not seen yet and i am coding one . )
you can not . the " international " version of the htc desire hd is not hardware compatible with t-mobile usa 's 3g frequency bands . the phone 's antennas support hspa on the 900 and 2100 mhz frequencies ( the north american gsm variants should work , though : source ) , and software settings will not have any effect on this . t-mobile 's 3g network uses : 850 mhz : acquired via a roaming agreement as part of the failed at and t merger 1700/2100 mhz aws : the device must support both of these frequencies to work because the 1700 band is used for uplink and the 2100 band is used for downlink . 1900 mhz as you can see , these do not line up ( excepting half of the aws band , which is not sufficient ) . you will need a new phone if you want 3g service . see can i use my device on a different carrier ? for suggestions on how to determine which phones will work .
in short , the phone will still have the android os as ' flashing to cricket ' is not in reference to the rom or operating system . the seller may be referring to moving the phone off of verizon as the carrier to cricket , another cdma mobile carrier in the us . this seems to be a normal process as cricket does not have the expansive collection of android compared to that of verizon wireless . here are a few thread topics explaining this - http://androidforums.com/incredible-all-things-root/82397-flashing-htc-droid-incredible-cricket.html http://androidforums.com/cricket/232152-flashing-phone-verizon-cricket.html hope that helps !
i would suggest asking the seller which android os version the rom they flashed is based on .
try feedly on the play store ; )
after posting the question here , i contacted all the different developers of google reader apps on the android market that i could find . so far only one developer has answered whose app does exactly what i am looking for , but 1 is good enough ! https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.droidlab7.reader.pro i have tried it out on a gawker media rss feed ( deadspin ) and cbc sports news , works perfectly and fetches the full article , no more annoying browser pop up ! in the top right corner there is a button that executes the " mobilizing " functionality , which is the scrape that i was looking for . if/when i hear back from other developers i will post it up more links .
my app full feed does 50% of this and is free . it can fetch full content of rss feeds on android , but has no google reader sync yet .
newsrob pro also fetches the full feeds . you can choose between readability and some other methods . it works but i am not a huge fan , it was just the best one that i found ( i did not try d7 though ) .
hi i personnaly use greader which has an integrated browser that lets you load the article inside the reader ! no need to open a new browser window , it is a no-friction process !
try following these instructions : 1 ) open the command prompt and navigate to your sdk/platform-tools/ folder . 2 ) type adb tcpip 5555 with your device plugged in 3 ) type adb connect &lt;your device ip address&gt;:5555 4 ) at this point you unplug your device and type adb logcat 5 ) at times , such as unplugging/plugging into a usb device , the logcat will become disconnected , just redo steps 3 and 4 . from my answer here .
when you are in the gesture settings you need to click on the tab that says " dolphin sonar settings " in the bottom right hand corner . there you will have the option to " enable bottom left button . " this puts the new " dual purpose " gesture and sonar button in the bottom left hand corner . fwiw , i think the whole sonar thing is annoying and i do not understand why they reduced the customization options . i prefer my gesture button on the right !
the gestures icon is now multi purpose . when you click the icon and the dolphin sonar comes up , there are two buttons on the bottom . that will toggle between sonar and gestures , remembering which one you had setup last .
download a text-to-speech app : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.svox.classichl=en
there are several apps with tts ( text-to-speech ) support , which enables them to " talk to you " -- so that is what you should look for on the playstore : tts . so a playstore-search for tts will result in a bunch off apps ( "at least 1000 results" ) matching your request . now you can close in by redefining " other things " to something more specific . add that " more specific " term to your query by prefixing it with a "+" sign -- so e.g. a search on " tts +ebook " will give you ebook reader apps with tts support ( plus some self-reading books as it looks like ) , " tts +translation " some language translator apps ( you say it in your language -- and they speak back in a foreign language ; very useful when travelling in a foreign country , as long as they take the answer from the natives as well to translate it back ) . now you should have got the idea , and can continue with other examples : )
you can give a try to an app developed by a xda developers forum user gyagapen that essentialy the app intelligently manages switching between both your wifi and 3g data connections as you move about : cleverconnectivity cleverconnectivity is an application that helps you to manage your data and wifi connection in order to save battery . how does cleverconnectivity work ? this application will automatically turn on and off connectivity ( data/wifi/sync ) while screen is off . for example if the user chooses below configuration : time on : 2min time on next check : 1min time off : 10m usage check interval : 3s once the screen is off , cleverconnectivity will keep connectivity alive for 2min . then it will check if data is used during a period of 3s . if data is used , connectivity will be kept for 1 minute ( time on next check ) . if data is not used , connectivity will be desactivated for 10min . after this , the connectivity will be re-activated and time on will kick in . once screen is on , connectivity will be automatically re-enabled . links : google play store - 1,00 no ads google play store - free version ( with ads ) you can give a try to an app available from google play store that automatically controls your wifi status : smart wifi toggler description smart wifi toggler is an application designed to control your phone 's wifi using location based rules . its aim is to conserve battery and minimize data charges by turning wifi off when not connected to a network , and turning it on when a known hotspot is present . it constantly learns where your hotspots are located to make its decisions . it is a very useful application if you frequently forget to turn wifi off when leaving a hotspot , or if you want to automatically switch from mobile data to wifi to conserve battery whenever you are back into a hotspot . here are some of cool features smart wifi toggler has to offer : automatically learns your wifi hotspot locations . turns wifi off when disconnected from wifi network . automatically turns wifi on when near a known hotspot . uses your network location . no gps battery drain . provides the ability to control " auto-connect " behavior for each hotspot . ability to lock wifi to a disabled state . warning notification and auto-locking wifi when a hotspot is down . history , logging , and a troubleshooting screen in case you face any problems .
might help to look into @izzy 's solution involving tasker . a tweak is needed : instead of detecting a gsm/cdma signal , check if a wifi network is present nearby switch to/enable airplane mode and enable wifi and connect appropriately ( this part am uncertain about - if its an open public wifi point , good ( its bad but another story about open wifi 's ) what if it is a private wifi network and need to input the key ? tasker might be able to help you with that , unsure ! if moving away from network point , switch off/disable wifi and disable the airplane mode . having a look here at this wiki titled " turn on wifi at home " entry might also help you as well , to quote , in case of link rot : my route to and from work is populated by open networks from cable providers that require log-in via webpages and unsecured home networks . whenever i pass them my phone tries to connect , disconnecting me from 3g . leaving wifi on all the time means i am left with constant service interruptions . forgetting to turn on wifi at at home runs the risk of eating up my data plan . for this reason i turn off wifi when i am out and turn it on when i get home . but what if i forget ? with this tasker profile , my phone now uses cell location data to turn wifi on/off . steps : turn gps on ( just for now ) . you do not need to keep it running all the time , but it helps to pinpoint where your location for the context step . first , go home ( the place your wifi router lives ) . profile : wifi at home context : location > net=on , gps=off , radius 500m , get fix task : at home action : net > wifi > on task ( optional ) : alert > popup > text " wifi on " task : leaving home action : net > wifi > off task ( optional ) : alert > popup > text " wifi off " get fix locates where you currently are on a map so you need to actually be at home for this step . you have several setting options depending on how much power consumption vs . accuracy . see [ html http://tasker.dinglisch.net/userguide/en/loctears.html " location without tears" ] . the least accurate ( net=off , gps=off ) needs a really large radius . the most accurate ( net=on , gps=on ) will drain your battery faster . i find net=on , gps=off , radius 500m to work fine . my phone knows when i am home .
short answer : it depends . long answer : android developers have the ability to specify requirements for their apps both in terms of software ( minimum os version , for example ) and hardware . for example , an app that does turn-by-turn navigation may require the android device it is being installed on to have built-in gps . such an app would be listed as " incompatible " with any tablet that does not have a gps chip ( the tablet reports its hardware features to the play store ) . the same is true for a reverse situation , where an app that requires a minimum screen resolution may work fine on a tablet , but show as incompatible for phones that are below that limit . another example is google tv . since none of the current models have touch-screen support , any apps that require this feature would be listed as not compatible on the play store . these limitations are only being enforced by the google 's play store . this means that if you manage to side-load the app 's apk file , it may work just fine on any device . however , the lack of minimum requirements will mean that the app will be unstable .
i would expect mac to have no trouble mounting the usb storage when you connect the device over usb , but if it does you coukd try pdanet . you can also transfer files over bluetooth , wifi , etc ; please search for those solutions . as for syncing , we jeed to know what exactly you are trying to sync .
i have had the same problem . try downloading custom locale from the play store and you can select your language . do a reboot once you have changed the settings in the app and it will have reflected it in the device settings .
you could take a look at systempanel 1 or system tuner 2 . both let you monitor your ressource consumption ( not only battery ) , and ( at least in their respective pro versions ) also offer to do so in background , collecting data for later evaluation . system tuner 2 also offers a bunch of nice widgets 3 for your homescreen , if you need to watch things for a while . edit : after seeing mihic 's comment above , i noticed i missed another important point : while up to froyo , " dialing " the magic number *#*#4636#*#* brought up a nice system menu ( it still does that part ) including many battery stats , the latter ( battery stats ) have been removed since gingerbread . if your device is rooted , betterbatterystats can bring those back -- and do a great deal to help you identifying battery hogs : these two screenshots show you the most important information betterbatterystats provides : which apps used the most battery power while the device tried to sleep 3 -- and those who kept the device awake 4 , preventing deepsleep and such " powersave mode " . just helped me getting 20% more battery out of my device ; )
turning the wifi on and off is more energy efficient than leaving it on all the time . i cannot think of a way to statistically prove this since the power consumption is influenced by other factors . for better battery life i can recommend greenify , turn off all location services and disable the " always allow network scan " in the wifi settings .
as you already pointed out in your question , it is a matter of intervals . of course , turning it off-and-on like a cars indicator light is more power consuming than simply leaving it on  and turning it off for 12 hours does really save juice . the matter is to find the right " interval " . not quite up-to-date anymore , but still sufficient for the " raw estimate": about two years ago i have posted a table with some consumption data , using two devices as reference . let 's average the values a little and assume they have changed " for the better " , so we can say : wifi in standby uses about 10 mw wifi downloading uses about 800 mw wifi uploading uses about 400 mw wifi searching for a nearby ap to connect to , including the entire process , must be somewhere in between ( no values in my table or their sources ) , but i would assume at least 200 . . 400 mw here  as like with cell signal , it needs to fully power up to scan the area for available ssids . let 's further assume the connect process takes about 5 . . 10s , just to have some numbers to juggle with : 5s &times ; 200 ms = 1.000 units ( minimum power-up consumption ) 10s &times ; 400 ms = 4.000 units ( maximum power-up consumption ) 10s &times ; 10 ms = 100 units ( maximum standby consumption ) by those numbers ( being just raw estimates , not scientific calculations ! ) , results would be : 100 . . 400 seconds are the minimum " disconnected time " for your described " toggle " to not consume more juice than staying in standby . toggling would thus make sense only for breaks of about 10 minutes and up . for a similar calculation , you might be interested in 2g versus 3g : does it really save battery ? : ) to avoid misunderstandings : as dan correctly pointed out in the comments , i have omitted a lot of details here . i was aware of that : the above is nothing but an idealized number-juggling , which should show that even at best circumstances permanent toggling is no good idea . calculating " exact numbers " which are at the same time " absolute " is impossible , as too many factors play a role here : noone expects wifi idling at 10 mw with the connection lost . it will certainly " power up " on a search for available networks . plus the points dan mentioned : many apps that perform network operations in the background use a broadcast receiver to run when the network connection comes up . if you are actually connecting to a network each time you turn the wi-fi on , all these apps will run , drawing more power . on each " toggle on and connect " , that is  while they would not do so at all otherwise , or at least at very lower intervals if the wi-fi was on all the time , the same apps might run more or fewer times to update or sync data . this very much depends on the apps installed/used if you are waking the device up and/or turning the screen on just to turn on wi-fi and check for messages , that'll use more power than the wi-fi itself . so please read my conclusion as " it makes no sense for time-frames smaller than 10 min " . the longer the interval , the more likely it makes sense  and the shorter , the less .
perhaps the easiest way to do this , would be to connect your galaxy nexus to your computer and use a 3rd-party tool to check the file system for errors . please bear in mind that using this method you will only be able to check the mountable storage , and only if your device is in usb mass storage mode . at current , i know of no way to check the internal partitions for errors - this does not mean there is not one , however . edit : even if you only have an internal sd card , then you should still be able to mount it as usb storage - something has to act as an sd card , for the camera app to function . something is mounted to /sdcard , and this is what is mounted when you enable usb mass storage . edit 2: ok , last but not least - do you have a recovery installed ? if so , you can use this flashable zip to do what you want . if not , then are you rooted ? you must be rooted to be able to this , as it would involve copying a binary to your system . edit 3: ok . this cannot be done while the device is turned on , in user mode , as the partitions must be unmounted to scan them . this is why that zip is that - a zip . if you cannot flash the zip , there is no other way unless you can find a way to unmount the filesystem 's when they are being used .
according to : android media process ( high cpu ) | alexus ' blog :
i use android app called superbeam which enables wifi direct and enables you to get full wifi speed .
for this task i use an app called shoutr . as i could see it is using the built in wifi and so you get the full wifi speed . i like the interface ; it is very easy to share music , videos and photos with friends on the way .
there are many variables that affect the performance of each method you have mentioned . additionally there is also the necessary configuration and requirements that each device must have in order to have solutions like this working . as requested , lets summarize and compare possible performances between usb ; wi-fi and bluetooth : usb : usb performance can be extremely low or very high , depending on the available usb version , which in turn , combined with the sdcard reading/writing speed on each device allows us to accurately measure and ascertain the transfer speed . there is also the physical limitation of the usb cable length that for some scenarios becomes a limitation . usb 1.0 : 1.5 mbit/s ( low-bandwidth ) and 12 mbit/s ( full-bandwidth ) usb 2.0 : 480 mbit/s ( effective throughput up to 35 mb/s ) usb 3.0 : 5 gbit/s ( 625 mb/s ) which is more than 10 times as fast as usb 2 wi-fi wi-fi loses limitations like cable length , but then again we need to account for the 802.11 protocol being used , the signal strength and range to accurately measure results : more about wi-fi protocols from wikipedia . wi-fi direct wi-fi direct , initially called wi-fi p2p , is a wi-fi standard that enables devices to connect easily with each other without requiring a wireless access point . here the communication is performed at typical wi-fi speeds for everything from file transfer to internet connectivity . essentially , wi-fi direct falls under the same values presented at the wi-fi table ( yet again keeping in mind that signal strength and range are the key factors for a good performance ) . more about wi-fi direct from wikipedia . bluetooth while we need to ascertain several influencing factors to determine if wi-fi is faster than usb , bluetooth is with no doubt in last place when we speak about transfer speed . designed as a proprietary open wireless technology standard for exchanging data over short distances , the maximum speeds are below the two concurrent options : more about bluetooth from wikipedia . android beam being a fairly recent technology , android beam allows users to transfer data between devices with near field communication ( nfc ) capabilities . nfc is even slower than bluetooth ( both short-range communication technologies ) and is limited to about 20cm of range getting up to 424 kbit/s . on a positive note , nfc sets up more quickly than standard bluetooth and the connection between two nfc devices is automatically established : technical comparison : only relevant aspects to this answer , for full table see wikipedia . summary based on the specifications for each method and their respective version , my classification ordered by fastest-to-lowest would be : usb assuming version 2.0 , since 1.0 is way slow and outdated wi-fi / wi-fi direct bluetooth android beam
if your android devices have removable sd card slot , the fastest way to transfer big files is to physically move the sd card from one device to another .
after some experiences , it appears the samsung galaxy s4 software must recognize the file format first , before and during transfer from pc to the smartphone main memory . when moving the file to the sd card memory , again the software needs to recognize the file , so this is done from either the ( a ) move file option in the folder or , ( b ) application option to move to sd card memory . { for those smartphone users who need to save main memory space on their samsung s4 }
is adb hung or just inconsiderate in reporting on what it is doing ? i came here with a similar question ; on win7 adb backup -apk -shared -all -nosystem -f path\to\backup_file.ab the nexus 5 reported " com . stuff . foo . com . stuff . bar " . . . for awhile and then stopped for a very long time , 20+ minutes , on " shared storage " . jacking up the confusion and anxiety level , after i picked up the phone when the screen blanked , the display auto-rotated , and then from that point did not show any status messages at all . on the pc side , the console never reported anything other than the initial unlock device message . what kept me hanging in was that the backup_file . ab was created , the time-stamp continued to match current time within a minute or so , and the file size was multi-gb and kept increasing slowly -- albeit in fits and starts -- one pause was about 10 minutes ( ! ) , and then jumped by 0.5gb in a single shot . after more than an hour the phone the backup/encryption password screen closed of it is own accord , and the pc console prompt became active again . neither one exited with a message to indicate whether they had finished successfully or in an error state . final . ab file is just under 8gb . nexus > settings > storage reports 12.55gb total space and 500mb free . i think perhaps you just did not wait long enough ( understandable given the lack of feedback ! ) and that perhaps linux spawns adb as a background process ? ( thus the return to prompt ) .
you cannot upgrade the processor , however you can upgrade the kernel . find your device on forum . xda-developers . com and read , read , read , read , and read some more . it may sound scary , with the risk ofx bricking your device , but i assure you it is much easier than it would be to replace the processor . if cyanogenmod 9 is ported to your device , then you could even have a 4.0 update .
the htmlviewer mentioned does not like spaces in the file name . rename the file with underscore or throw them out .
based on the comments , this looks like a hardware issue , and not a software/android issue . i would suggest sending it to a service center for repair .
if you have a standard linux file system ( i.e. . , not fat32 ) on your sd card , you could create Soft Link of /data in /mnt/sdcard .
to furnish my thoughts , hacking on just the in-built media-scanner will not just suffice , as that requires rolling your own rom ! the reason being is that media-scanner is signed with a system certificate that is shared with the rom in question . and thus , that requires having the signed keys from the original rom in order to replace the in-built media-scanner . as to attempting to put mp3s in the /system/media/audio folder - why ? are we talking about album mp3s which can creep up to between 5-8mb in size ? or are we talking about ogg vorbis for ringtones/notifications ? the /system partition is limited in size depending on the manufacturer 's handset setup in terms of partition layouts . if the audio media is stored on the sdcard under the respective directory /sdcard/media/audio/Ringtones and /sdcard/media/audio/notifications , along with a uri ( uniform resource identifier ) pointing to the appropriate media declared as " external storage media " as in " mediastore . audio . media . external_content_uri " ( see the developer documentation on this ) , it will get picked up by android itself and will show under the settings > sounds , as ' phone ringtone ' or in ' notification ringtone ' . depending on the rom in itself , there may be a development tools called ' dev tools ' , in there , there is an activity which can trigger the invocation of the in-build media-scanner , this is in stock/vanilla aosp android .
edit : this is rendered obsolete with jelly bean . android 4.1+ has a unified /data/ and /sdcard section ( the sdcard partition is emulated and really resides in /data/media , it is exposed via a special fuse layer to emulate fat32 behaviour ) my thoughts on this : the media scanner scans everything below /mnt /data/* is protected , only individual apps can access their folder ( /data/data/ [ app 's package name ] ) to get it working the way you like : you need root ( obviously ) symlink /mnt/music to /data/data/your-music-location you can also do a bind-mount instead of a symlink : mount --bind /data/your-music-location /mnt/sdcard/your-music-location lift access rights accordingly ( chmod -r ugo+rw /data/data/your-music-location ) hope this works ( the scanner should scan the whole /mnt as there is also /mnt/emmc and such ) . if not , you can also bind-mount a /data/data/* folder to /mnt/sdcard/your-music ( as done with /mnt/sdcard/ . android_secure ( see the answer ) )
i could not find a way to do it or an app that would do it . there were a couple out there that claimed to have manual focus but basically just did what you described as " assisted auto focus . " i found this thread at xda where some people have been looking through the code to find a way to add the manual focus . from what they found it appears that it is possible but someone has to code it . its worth keeping an eye on it : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=630989
do you have your contacts backed up ? try uninstalling facebook if that is installed . if this does not fix your problem then try the following . settings> applications> system applications> contacts sync adapter and press clear data , this error usually goes away . if this does not work , try clearing the data on settings> applications> system applications> contacts or settings> applications> system applications> contacts storage .
go to settings &#8594 ; storage and tap on the overflow menu in the top right ( on a device with a physical menu key , you may need to press that instead ) . this should bring up a menu item labeled " usb computer connection": tap on that , and it will give you a list with possible connection modes . uncheck everything that you do not intend to use . on my n5/cm11 there are only two options on this page : mtp and ptp . unchecking both causes the phone to simply charge when plugged into a pc . i have seen others that have an explicit " charge only " option , but i believe that is nonstandard .
the android docs are just saying the main thread should compute all ui related functions . it is the job of the developer to create additional threads when getting data from local sqlite database or from the network , or even if you are creating a compute heavy custom view with alot of display logic . for a really comprehensive look into concurrency in android and mutli-threading , check out asynchronous android from steve liles awesome awesome book .
android apps are not single-threaded . although there is one main thread as described in the documentation you quoted , apps can start as many other threads as they need . the advantage of all gui interactions being on one thread is that the gui code can be simpler , faster , and more predictable , because gui state is not being changed concurrently from different threads . it also makes thread-safety easier for app developers by providing a message queue , similar to those found in other oses ' gui frameworks . the app author just needs to make sure all long operations are performed in background threads , sending messages back to the main thread to update the gui , and that way the gui remains responsive all the time .
i know this is late coming , but i designed a tool just for this purpose . i was having trouble with my droid , so i created this tool : realmb 's android certificate installer . i know it works with android 2.0 ( the os which runs on the droid ) , but i do not know for 1.5 or 1.6 . feel free to give it a try .
http://abtevrythng.blogspot.com/2010/06/adding-cer-certificates-on-your-android.html shows how to actually achieve this . worked fine for me . try it out .
for android 2.2 , the certificates ( without renaming or converting ) can be placed at the root of the sd card . to install : go to the settings/security menu , credential storage section . activate use secure credentials . click install from sd card . a menu will appear with the available certificates . click on each certificate to install . those certificates will then be available to the wifi system .
strictly speaking , not really an odt editor , but google docs accepts odt and you can edit google docs on android . the file would have to be converted to google docs internal format then exported back to odt though .
opendocument reader is worth checking out . it will be really good but the save function does not work yet . they are still working on it so when that gets updated it will be far better than andropen as the interface is not cluttered so you can actually type on it easily ! you will be able to then save to dropbox , google drive , your email or where ever . . . update : not sure the programmers are ever going to fix it . they seem a bit odd .
currently there is not a single solution on android for editing odf files . but keep your heads up : the libreoffice team is working hard on an android version of the entire office suite ! though this is already " old news " , and has been heard about for at least half a year , the screenshots look very promising -- at least with a tablet in mind . which leaves us with the question : when libre office will be available for android smartphones ? if you read the information on the linked page ( which hopefully will be updated with more details when available ) , it very much looks like the standard debian answer : it is ready when it is ready .
there is andropen office andropen office is the world 's first port of openoffice for android . you can view , edit , export office documents using full features of the openoffice . andropen office has 6 components : writer ( a word processor ) calc ( spreadsheet ) impress ( presentation graphics ) draw ( drawing ) math ( equation editor ) base ( database ) * andropen office is forked project from the apache openoffice project . andropen office is not affiliated with the apache openoffice project .
a quick note , default app on android phone such as " qickoffice " should work . try opening the doc as ' open as ' then select quick office if available on your device .
zoho writer seems to support viewing and editing odt files ( only tested with a very simple document ) : . . . supports saving of documents in different formats like doc , docx , rtf , odt , txt , html and pdf though it seems to work awkwardly : can not directly open a file from disk , first step is importing the file . can not directly save file , must find a hidden " export " button first . google play reviewers have many strange bugs to report . after trying it for a few seconds i have noticed some strange redrawing issues .
it looks like you have already come across one solution : turning off wi-fi power saving . that option puts the wi-fi chip into a low-power state sometimes . this reduces power use , but the trade-off is that next time you want to use wi-fi , you have to wait a fraction of a second for the chip to power on again . this page from the official android documentation explains about wi-fi power states . it is targeted at app developers , so they can optimize the usage pattern of their apps to save power . even so , it is easy to follow , and might be interesting for other users to understand how android tries to save power .
as far as i am aware , there really should not be any other settings which are affected by the ota . in fact , android central has a thread where people are compiling a list of new features and apps along with reported issues and bugs . they have put this ( losing your alarms ) in their list of bugs . it looks like it also broke netflix and wireless-n support , for what it is worth .
so i have had this same problem for the past month . there is a 1cm or so high deadzone that spans the width of my screen just about lower than the midway point from top to bottom . it is mostly always there , but some ( seemingly ) random times it goes away and all works well . my troubleshooting led me to this : if it is hardware , it is only because the software is telling it something it should not be . i am sure nothing is broken ( i.e. . , from being dropped , etc . ) something is wrong , for sure , but not broken per se . i took screen shots of temperature and voltage ( using cpu-z app ) trying to figure it out . i paid attention to when it happened and when it did not . i boiled it down to two possibilities : temperature and/or voltage ( i can explain how i came to this conclusion if you want . . . would take a bit more explanation ) . i charge my phone with the charger plugged into the wall typically . i live in asia so the voltage is a lot higher ( but within the appropriate range of the phone ) . yet , lately when i ! go to sleep , i plug my phone into my laptop to charge , rather than the wall . . . when i wake up the problem is not there . about 2 hours later or so the problem comes back . i tried this for a week ( charging my phone with my laptop ) and the problem is dissipating . as quickly as it escalated ( getting gradually worse ) it is now getting gradually better . try it and see if it works for you . at night when your phone is nearly dead , charge your phone with your usb port attached to your laptop . maybe it will help . i am still troubleshooting specifics to see if it is definitive . update : today , the day of writing this , i have not had the problem at all and it is been nearly 7 hours and the 3rd consecutive night of charging with usb on my laptop . update 2: happy new year ! i have been charging my nexus 4 with my laptop 's usb port since my original reply and the problem had disappeared . let me know if this works for anyone else ! nexus 4 - 4.4.2
as geohi said , i have this problem for a bit 2 months when i bought this nexus 4 . last night was the first night i put my phone to charge via usb . today i was super excited to see that my screen is fully functional . i will continue to charge it like this for few days to see what happens . no problems for about 9 hours so far .  update : 4 days have been passed since my phone started to work well . screen problem did not reappear not even for 2 minutes since then : ) it is great !
i have the same issue , google support suggested waiting for the 4.4 android update to fix , else return for repair / replacement .
i also got d same prob . it is a hardware issue . i got the front touch panel replaced . it costs rs 5322 in mumbai . my phone was in warranty so got it for free . now issue is resolved . nothing changed in d software to solve the issue .
as far as i know there is no dvd-player software for android . nothing that can emulate a dvd experience from a network ( or even local ) location . what are you needing from a full dvd experience that you cannot get by transcoding the movie to a portable format ? scene selection ? that is really just a way to visually access chapters in the movie . i have used handbrake to transcode my movies for my droid x2 while keeping the chapter markers . if you need things like different languages and subtitles , handbrake can include those as well into your mp4/m4v output .
i am afraid there is not really a " one-stop solution " . as you already noticed , all the different backup types have different goals , all of them have their pros and cons ( see also our backup tag-wiki for an overview ) : while a nandroid backup covers the entire system at partition-level , it is not the easiest when you want to only restore parts . on its own , it is an all-or-nothing . luckily , there are other tools which can deal with those backup files : you can restore single apps with titanium backup , and even read single files from them ( see : how do i view/mount nandroid file on device ? ) . titanium backup covers almost everything on an app-and-settings level , and can read from nandroid backup files -- but it cannot create a full nandroid backup . also , restore between different roms can be a little tricky ( but that applies to all solutions ) , at least when it comes to system files . still , it does a good job even then when using its " migration mode " adb backup is a good thing , but only available with android 4.0 upwards and also restricted to " apps and settings " . additionally , it requires a computer to attach the device to for backup/restore . the latter can be avoided using apps like helium - app sync and backup , which run directly on the device and use adb as backend . i found the best solution on rooted devices is a combination of nandroid ( offered e.g. by clockworkmod recovery ) and titanium . for non-rooted devices , choices are rare : neither of the two are available there , which leaves the user with adb backup as the only half-way complete solution .
i managed to work round , if not resolve , the issue at hand . in short i installed wifi ruler - free , which overrides the stock wifi connection manager . this allows me to click and connect to any ap that i come across with no issue . it does loads of other stuff , finally i can prevent my phone from connecting to my neighbours incredibly strong open wifi . hope this helps .
i gave this answer to a disconnection query earlier but there is some resonance here . i think i can guess what is happening . when i first started using free hotspots i was connecting with no problem and often they will have a logon screen to insert the locale password . some places however like hotels seem to give free access for a limited time or for first use without logging in and then later they will expect you to register . when i have returned to these places a second time i find that the phone finds the network and claims to be connected but every use returns a network error or appears to connect and get cut off . in fact i am getting rerouted to their logon page , only it seems to often only open in background in gingerbread so you do not know it is happening . after fiddling around you can sometimes get the logon page to show and then register . often i can only do this by attempting a google search . google somehow seems to know to route via the logon pages whereas other apps play ignorant . "
do you have custom recovery installed ? i have had this problem twice on a galaxy s2 , and what fixed it for me every time was running a permissions fix from recovery mode . if that does not work , try deleting your wifi config file . not sure what it is on the nexus , but i am guessing it'll be something along the lines of /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf or /data/misc/wifi/wpa.conf . obviously you should make backups before deleting anything . note that you will lose all your wifi settings if you do this .
try to reboot your phone , you will find it again after rebooting .
check to see if you have set mobile data limit . i know it is weird on my samsung google nexus maguro i removed the limit and wifi returned back to normal . however i had the same issue on nexus 7 grouper , i tried various apps and tricks on the net . but finally i had to reflash the cyanogenmod to get wifi working on it .
i think this part of your question is key : i have switched from dhcp to static ip addresses . doing so reduced the frequency of problems and seems to have eliminated my earlier issue where wifi would be randomly dropped . ip addressing issues could certainly cause you troubles like this . static addressing is only treating the symptoms , though , not curing the disease . assuming the aps you are connecting to have not had their dhcp settings changed , focus on investigating how your phone is acting as a dhcp client . i found a bug report in which several users report the same trouble you are having ( the author actually references one of your previous questions ) . one of the commenters found log entries related to dhcp ; you mentioned in a comment that you did not find any relevant log entries but did you see any that look like this commenter 's ? apr 1 05:26:12 unknown daemon . info dnsmasq-dhcp [ 522 ] : dhcprequest ( br0 ) 192.168.200.225 a0:0b:ba:83:65:32 apr 1 05:26:12 unknown daemon . info dnsmasq-dhcp [ 522 ] : dhcpnak ( br0 ) 192.168.200.225 a0:0b:ba:83:65:32 wrong address additionally , a later commenter found that the dhcp client service dhcpcd was not running on his device . he explains : i started researching a bit , using good old linux console and " ps " command . i noticed that : every time i could not connect , dhcpcd was not running . at least several times , kingsoft office process was running when the problem appeared . so , what i did was : uninstalled kingsoft office , switch to static ip on all networks i use often ( home , work , friends , family ) . i also disabled wifi power management ( read somewhere that it could help ) . after these , problem disappeared . it is been gone for 2 weeks now ! he found that the dhcp client service 's absence was correlated with one of his apps . reconfigure your device to use dhcp , try to connect to one of the problem aps , then use terminal emulator ( or similar ) to run the same investigation he did by typing the command ps | grep dhcp . the output should look something like the following : dhcp 4858 1 924 552 ffffffff 00000000 S /system/bin/dhcpcd this means that the dhcpcd process is running . if dhcpcd is not running , you will simply be returned nothing . if that is the case , type ps again to get a list of all current processes . do you notice any correlations between an app you have installed and the problems you are having ? as a temporary work-around , trying starting the service again by typing sudo dhcpcd , then try again to connect .
i ended up using this free app : http://code.google.com/p/lockenabler/ and with smart bar i was able to set the camera button as a shortcut . my cam button now turns off the screen on a long press .
there was an app reviewed by " android guys " yesterday call screen off , unfortunately its not free and costs 99 cents , here is the link
the recording works by using the microphone . you are talking straight into the mic and thus are much louder than the sound that reaches the mic from the ear speaker . you will need to use an app that actually records the incoming call and not simply what it picks up from the mic . check out this question , i believe it includes a couple such apps in the answers .
you could also employ the services of google voice . it has an option to record phone calls , and you could also make them directly from your computer , which can be nifty .
install google maps . under settings from menu select ' edit home or work '
toggling " sync " on/off does what i need - blocks email update ( even pushed updates ) yet still allows in my sms for emergencies to get through .
the spare parts plus app ( free ) does work on my honeycomb tablet ( asus transformer ) across all apps . however , as is noted in your question , it only works if the developer has used a specific technique of specifying font-sizes in their application . the sizes need to be specified in " sp " units for this technique to be effective .
there is now a setting for this , though i am not sure if it is in stock android and since which version it is available . it was definitely there in sony 's gingerbread and ics roms ( xperia neo v ) and cyanogenmod 9/10 . in cyanogenmod 9+ , it is in the " system " submenu below the " interface " caption .
take a look at " font size ( for root users ) " in the market . it costs $1.36 and only works with rooted phones but it claims to : " globally enlarges/decreases text size in all apps ( email , sms , maps , home , weather , calendar , widgets , . . . ) " the reviews are not so good but it is worth a try .
another option ( very restricted , because involves changes in the platform ) is to change the ./frameworks/base/core/java/android/content/res/Configuration.java  file . there you must : -create a setter/getter pair to obtain the font value -change the point where the file obtain the value . i changed the method -initialize the class member to the stored value :  //This is the class member ( previouslly not initialized. Now i set it\xb4s value trough my getter ) public float fontScale= this.getFontScale();  this way every app will initially have its font setted to the stored value . ps : you should create an interface in the android settings apk too , otherwise your font would only start with a fixed value . i can give more details if needed .
you can always try to put a firewall between your phone and the router with these apps and block google+ , then when you do not use the internet ( for example at night ) enable it no root needed no root needed root needed
a quick search brought up this article at http://blog.laptopmag.com/how-to-edit-video-with-movie-studio-on-your-android-tablet . while i do not have a tablet , i have played with movie studio before , and it looks like all you have to do is tap the timeline at the bottom of your clip , and drag the arrows that appear on its edges to trim it . this only trims the edges off , so if you want to take a part out of the middle , i would re-add the clip ( so you have two copies of it in your timeline ) , and then drag the arrows on the ends of the copy so you only have the part you want , without getting rid of the beginning of the clip from the original .
i do not use this lookout app , so i cannot tell you whether it has this hint somewhere . but i can give you some clues how to " rule out innocent apps " , so you do not have to " remove all applications " . with some luck , this filtering leaves only a few candidates . first indicator you gave : it happens whenever i connect to wi-fi/3g . so it has to be a ) an app with " some wifi permission " , which also listens to the " network changed " broadcast ( to put it in easy words ) . so first let 's check for apps with matching permissions : guardian droid and permission explorer ( source : google play ) two helpful apps for this are guardian droid and permission explorer , as shown in the screenshots . they help you identify apps by permissions ( and also apps with excessive permissions ) . taking the permission explorer screenshot as a base here , your suspect app should be in one ( or more ) of the following groups : internet , access_network_state . most likely in both : it needs to know when internet is accessible ( so it is interested in the network state ) , and most likely wants to access it ( internet ) . with this check , you will have ruled out some apps already . probably not enough , as many/most apps will have the internet permission even when not requiring it themselves  to load ads . so the next step is to check which of the filtered apps are listening to the " network state changed " broadcast ( an indicator that your suspect does this is that the alert is triggered immediately when wifi was connected , if i understood you correctly ) . s2 apk viewer and app detective ( source : google play ) for this we take a look at s2 apk viewer and app detective . both of them allow to browse the manifest of your .apks ( apps ) . watch out for &lt;receiver&gt;s , which declare what broadcasts an app is interested in . by these steps , you will not end up with the single candidate , but rather with several . but at least you do not have to check them all . as a broadcast listener can alternatively be declared dynamically by code ( instead of in the manifest ) , our friend might not be listed in the " reduced set " having applied all filters , but must be amongst those left over by the first ( permission ) scan . whilest not completely solving your issue , i hope this at least helped narrowing down candidates to an acceptable level . as it turns out in this case , it still leaves ~200 candidates to check . so let me suggest something i should have thought of from the beginning : investigating android 's logs . there are multiple ways to do this , like using dedicated apps ( catlog , gemini logcat , and logcat extreme are good examples ) , or doing it via adb logcat ( requires adb to be setup on your computer , see is there a minimal installation of adb ? ) . if something raises a security notification , it should show up in the logs at least as warning ( so you can restrict your investigation to this loglevel and higher ones ) . most of the logcat apps let you setup filters via their gui . for the command line tool , you can take a look at its help page . moreover , there is a nice article on " adb logcat " command arguments - output filters , which should be quite useful here . start the logcat viewer . if possible , clear " past entries " from the output , or set a mark ( if the app offers this ) . after that , connect to wifi . as soon as the warning pops up , stop log recording ( or set the " end mark" ) . now investigate the recorded lines . i am positive this leaves much less than ~200 candidates  and would not even be surprised you had end up with an exact hit .
i have a galaxy s4 , i went to the settings , clicked more , then clicked security , then the section that says security update service i only checked the via wi-fi only box , clicked the home screen , turned off my wifi , turned it back on , clicked that security message that was on the notification bar , an update option came up , i clicked the update , agreed to the terms and conditions and now it never shows up for me anymore ! ! i also unchecked the via wi-fi only box after it updated just for my preference but i do not think its needed
unfortunately for us ( not so much for manufacturers and carriers , ) gingerbread closed the exploits that were previously being used to gain root privileges on older android os versions . this means that tools like superoneclick and similar will no longer work . the only way to get root on samsung devices with gingerbread is to flash a pre-rooted image onto the phone with a tool like odin or heimdal . forums like xda-developers and rootzwiki contain detailed instructions for flashing such an image ( kernel only , full stock system , or a completely custom rom . )
sounds to me like you only have one " image chooser " app installed , and you would need to install another . i know es file explorer registers itself as one , so if you install that maybe it will show up in the menu and then you can use it to browse to your icons .
this app should allow you to do it per contact . https://market.android.com/details?id=cn.com.opda.android.clearmaster
just throwing this out there . no idea if it will work , because i do not have any text threads with that many to test it on , but have you tried doing it in some other text message clients ? which one are you using now ? try it in the default text client , and then try downloading handcent sms or chomp sms and see if you can do it from there . sometimes different apps will make it possible to do something that another app that is supposed to be able to accomplish , cannot . good luck !
you should be able to go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; All and clear the data for messaging storage or something similar , depending on your particular device and software .
i can tell from my own experience . my father 's renault scenic got a integrated bluetooth module built in . i could successfully pair an iphone and control the music through the car 's radio controls . i think the radio 's display even showed the track title . with my new xperia mini pro i can also successfully pair with the radio but it is not possible to control the the music tracks through the radio 's controls . also the track names do not display . i need manually select the music track on the phone .
if the car unit support the a2dp and avrcp bluetooth profiles , it should be able to control your android music player app ; both my droid ( froyo 2.2.2 ) and my bionic ( gingerbread 2.3 ) honor the play/pause and forward/back controls on my sony mw600 headset . the android 2.3 compatibility definition states : 7.4.3 . bluetooth device implementations should include a bluetooth transceiver . device implementations that do include a bluetooth transceiver must enable the rfcomm-based bluetooth api as described in the sdk documentation [ resources , 32 ] . device implementations should implement relevant bluetooth profiles , such as a2dp , avrcp , obex , etc . as appropriate for the device . a2dp provides for streaming stereo content , avrcp provides for remote control support . wikipedia entry for bluetooth
kenwood just released head units compatible with android . the kdc-252 is the cheap model
the car audios which advertises compatibility with ipod/iphone ( ipod direct control ) are not compatible with android . if the head units are compatible with android , they will advertise it in features . i am writing this from personal experience . while connecting my galaxy s2 to my pioneer x3590ui the system displays unsupported or no audio ( in media device mode ) . if you switch the usb connection to mass storage mode , the system can detect the phone as a usb storage and can start playing media files on phone 's mass storage or sd card . i am mentioning about the music compatibility through usb . but if you have a unit with bluetooth , you can control music or even make calls on your phone with the head unit .
unfortunately , there currently are not any decks that allow you to control the music ( skip songs/albums/etc ) from the deck . you will need to do that on your phone . however you can stream the music from your phone to the deck so it plays through the car speakers over bluetooth ( with compatible devices ) or by using a direct audio cord . here 's an article that talks a little more about it : http://www.droidforums.net/forum/droid-general-discussions/57050-android-ready-car-deck.html @matthew it depends on what kind of music files you have , typically bluetooth streaming is not extremely lossy , but if you are using flac or wav files there may be some loss ( nothing noticeable ) mp3s would stream at full quality though , no matter how you do it , bt should suit you just fine @matthewread what kind of deck does your dad have ? if you can find a deck that can control the android music player i would love to see it becausei looked high and low for one before i installed my system last winter
i suspect the android phone will just mount as a mass-storage device and play audio on the unit itself . the reason a lot of headunits state that they can control ipods , is because it is not as straight forward as treating an ipod as a mass-storage device because the files are encrypted and the device may not even be formatted as a fat formatted device . therefore , the easiest ( only ? ) method for the headunit manufacturers to access the music on an ipod is to implement the control protocol via the ipod connector .
please could you check the developer options in System Settings -&gt; Developer Options ? it sounds like some are enabled , you should turn them all off using the toggle switch at the top , or just untick them all .
to stop red border showing go to system settings > developer options , uncheck strict mode enabled and restart the device .
download media converter on google play and its plugin . put those videos into the media converter and convert them them to either mp4 or 3gp . your videos will play straight away . there are 2 reasons why videos would not play on your device . 1 . unsupported format 2 . file size is at 0 . before conversion nake sure sure your files are not at 0 .
wait for the next update , or download vlc player in the meantime .
i had this problem with videos that used to play and then simply do not anymore . it is not your video player or the video format , its something screwy with android 's file system . solution : download rescan media app from google play store . install and run , but do not enable the auto-close feature ; just run it then minimize . your files should play now .
one reason video may not play is because the bluetooth is enabled . disable bluetooth and video should play again .
! discovered mp4 videos from an external sources sometimes have too high of resolution . you need a converter ( many free versions on-line ) to reduce the size to an acceptable size .
in aokp ics roms , and a few other 's i have used , there is an option that you can enable that will allow you to kill ( close ) an active app by holding down the Back button . i do not know if this was a feature of ics or the cm9 rom family , but i will let you know if i find that out .
usually , holding/tapping on the back key should " exit " an app . of course , the best way is to use the exit button if an app provides it . that is how one would gracefully " exit " from an app . in order to force an exit or kill it , you had best look at a task killer and forcibly kill the process .
this is really a question about android in general , and is based on a misconception of how android handles background apps . check out this xda post for a nice explanation of why processes sitting in memory in the background really are not a bad thing . you should only worry about exiting/force-quitting/killing an app if things start misbehaving .
first off you will need to root your tablet . this is relatively easy , especially with the galaxy because it is so popular . head on over to the xda forums (www.xda-developers.com) and navigate to the galaxy 10.1 section . this youtube video also will do it for you : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=krqdp7xylwg be careful . follow the steps exactly . you do not want to brick your device . after that , you will have clockworkmod . so first things first : zip up your kernel , then copy it to your device . most of the time , tablets require sd-cards in order to install things from recovery , so pop in an sd-card and copy the zipped folder here . then , reboot into recovery ( turn device off , then hold up volume button and power at the same time ) . you will want to wipe your cache partition and davlik cache first . once this is done , go to install zip from sd-card , find your folder with the kernel , and that is it ! before you do this , do a backup of your current system , just in case your kernel really messes up your device . hope this helps !
unfortunately , that is not how it works :/ though we would all love the official ics versions rolled out to the nexus s and galaxy nexus devices , they are designed specifically for the hardware of those phones ; thus is the nature of android . so , if you want something similar , the only way you will be able to get it is a 3rd party rom . the only official os versions for each phone are the ones rolled out by each provider , in your case , samsung .
it could be because chrome for android does not support flash : chrome for android will not be supporting flash . as you may have seen in november , 2011 , adobe announced it has stopped investing in flash for mobile browsing . google has long been committed to making the web platform more powerful through open web technologies like html5 and is working with adobe and other partners to further advance the web standard .
your firewall is preventing your phone to access or connect to the internet . check your firewall settings . or may be this happen due to some problem in your router .
is anyone else facing this issue or only you ? it probably is a firewall that is preventing you from connecting to the internet .
android sends a request to http://clients3.google.com/generate_204 , and it expects a 204 response ( the http code for " no content" ) .
mtp might not be reliable enough for that . several approaches i can offer : using on-board capabilities via adb this requires adb tools being available on your computer ( see e.g. is there a minimal installation of adb ? for how to meet this ) . now let 's see how to get the files over . open a command prompt , and ( optionally ) switch to the directory your adb executable is in make sure usb-debugging is activated on your device connect your device via usb assuming your sdcard is mounted/available as /sdcard on your device , let 's copy it with its contents : adb pull /sdcard /home/chris/android/sdcard  just adjust the path to your needs ; ) using an app with a more user-friendly gui i use foldersync to keep several directories backed-up . the big pro of this approach is : even if your device hard-crashes one day , you still have a quite up-to-date backup of all files on your computer . foldersync : main screen , folder pairs ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants ) foldersync supports a lot of services and protocols  not only cloud storage . you can easily use it with windows shares ( aka samba aka smb ) , or via scp on linux , or ftp with any server , amongst others . simply define folder pairs ( which directory on your device shall be kept in sync with which remote directory ) , and setup a schedule ( e . g . whenever connected to your home wifi , at 3 am ) , and there you go . with the pro version ( which i use ) you can even set it to " manual only " , and trigger it via tasker . of course , you also can set it to " manual " , and then initiate the transfer whenever you find it useful . being a " sync tool " , it will always only copy those files needing to be copied  if the same file exists on both ends with the same content and timestamp , it does not need to be copied again ; ) other options plenty of them . more sync tools . or a remote manager like airdroid . or using a file manager with remote capabilities , like es file explorer . just to give you some ideas ; )
keep in mind that creating a copy of your data and destroying the original data is a not a backup , just a transport action . create a copy of you data on another device/usb stick from your phone and use the move command . this will create another ' copy ' and essentially makes sure you did not forgot anything to move . moving the data also ' deletes ' is from the original device . ( better save then sorry ) now make a list of all things you do not want them to get and make sure they are deleted/removed . after this execute a factory data reset ( from settings or boot menu ) and check you phone if its really clean .
keeping the microsd is probably the main thing , so since that is the plan already it is just the phone to go . i could not swear to this , but i used it when selling my g1: uninstall everything - except astro file browser or similar use astro to wipe out any app related folders remove astro use the " factory data reset " ( on 2.2 its under privacy ) power up and check it is greeting you as a new user power off remove sim card power up and check it does even less power off and send
as i understand it , factory reset only " deletes " user specific files and databases . they still could be recovered if not overwritten at least once . also internal android flash memory is partitioned into several areas with independent file system . some of these partitions are not directly writable . i would do the following : 1 . make a factory reset . 2 . install as many apps as possible to overwrite almost all of the data blocks in the " data " partition . 3 . make another factory reset . if there were a stock rom to overwrite the currently installed rom , i would reinstall that rom , too .
perform a factory reset then write to the memory and reset again . this is the best way i have found to prevent data remnance . i was aware that with a magnetic based drive there is almost always data remnanace . i believe the standard to effectively erase info on a magnetic drive is erasing and re-writing over the drive 7-20 times ( do not quote me on those number ) . i was under the impression that once you erased data from flash storage it was gone for good but recalled the story of a woman finding porn on her refurbished evo . so , i asked about data remnance at superuser on flash memory and found that data sometimes can remain after it is deleted . the recommendation there was : formatting , writing to the memory and formatting again . to format , as the answers above suggested , i performed a factory reset . this can be done one of two ways on the droid : go to the " settings " menu , choose " privacy " then choose " factory data reset " do a hard reset ultimately i just did the factory reset because i was too lazy to load the system memory up and i suspect that 99.99% the factory reset is sufficient , but it is good to know what the risks are .
the latest youtube update has enabled it :-d
no there is no feature in google play music that lets you delete songs you do not listen to . afaik there is no app that does the same too .
hmmm . . . an update for gmail was waiting on play . i installed it and everything works fine , now . did i need the update to make it work properly ( after an update on google 's servers , or after the last update of my system , for example ) , or was the update a convenient way to restart gmail properly ? i do not know .
i have seen some other reports avlbout 90 degree compass deviations , and they were reported on android 4.4.3 . now that was an extremely short lived version . on 4.4.4 the problem vanished . so i am still convinced that this was a 4.4.3 problem .
have you rooted your device ? ? if yes then use root browser and navigate to wpa_supplicant . conf . then open and edit that file . it will not effect device at all .
as you removed the sd-card , you could use a card reader to attach it to your pc , which makes a search a lot easier . usually , photos are stored below a folder called dcim on the card . depending on the camera app ( i do not have a desire , so i cannot check that myself ) , subfolders there are named differently . on my phone , it uses a subfolder called " camera " . but there should not be too much subfolders there , so it will be easy to find . if that is not the place where your niece placed the " old images " , but as your desire insists they are ( somewhere else ) on the card , you can use your file manager ( i do not know what os you are running on your pc ) to search for *.jpg on the card -- that might match a lot of other images , but your photos should be listed along as long as they are on the card .
you should probably try to re-flash the recovery image to your phone via fastboot . just googling a little , or directly on the xda-developers . com forum you can find all the info you need , including links to recovery images for your model : http://forum.xda-developers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=839
you want to monitor any apps that use data in the background . it is hard to say which ones because there are so many and i have no idea what you have installed . i recommend installing two apps to help you monitor and control your data so you do not go over : phone usage - this app allows you to monitor how much data you are using and set daily , weekly and monthly limits ( it does this for voice and text too ) and it will notify you when you go over the limits . there are a number of others like this , some will tell you when you are getting close , other put a widget on your homescreen to show your data usage . i test a couple out to see which ones work best with your phone . quick settings - this app will allow you to manually control your data . with it you can turn off/on auto-syncing . you can also toggle the apn so you it turns off all 3g data without affecting the phone or wifi , so you can still get auto updates when you are connected to wifi but only use 3g data when you choose to . finally , if you really want to take control of things you can get tasker and set different rules about when you use wifi and when you use 3g and what apps are allowed to sync . . .
droidwall is an application ( for rooted phones ) that will let you select which applications are allowed to use which data networks ( wifi vs . cellular/2g/3g/4g ) . you can use it to make sure that certain applications always have data access when needed and restrict other applications to wifi ( or even no acess ) .
if you can debug your application written in eclipse in your phone , i guess you have already enabled usb debugging . moborobo pc suite can transfer files from your phone including applications with data and it needs usb debugging to be enabled . in the app manager , right click on the app and there will be export option . there you can save your app into your pc .
you can pull the apk from the android device using adb pull . adb shell pm list packages this will list the package name for all the apks . see the package name of your app . the app name may vary from the package name . it will be mostly in /data/app if not get the path using adb shell pm path com.the app you need to.transfer 2 a . adb pull /data/app/com.the app you need to.transfer.apk . this will transfer the apk from whichever drive you executed . Eg: D: ( or ) 2 . b . adb backup -apk com.the app you need to .transfer this will create backup . ab . you can make it a tar and extract using winrar dd if=backup.ab bs=24 skip=1 | openssl zlib -d &gt; backup.tar  if there is no zlib support you can try dd if=data.ab bs=1 skip=24 | python -c "import zlib,sys;sys.stdout.write(zlib.decompress(sys.stdin.read()))" | tar -xvf -  note : dont setup a password for encrypt backup
according to this android forum post the sdutil app on the phone can be used enable " usb mass storage " mode on the device . this can be run through adb as : adb shell sdutil ums enable  however , it seems like this only works on older version of android ( circa 2010 ? ) , on my device ( which is not rooted ) , sdutil is not available ( or is hidden somewhere i cannot see like /sbin or /system/sbin ) .
look , i got tired of searching how to mount the drive automaticaly in ums mode , and the solution above is right . echo /dev/block/mmcblk0 &gt; /sys/devices/lm-2/gadget/lun0/file  search for the correct file /sys/device in your system . this way i can use tasker to auto-mount my device whe a usb connection is detected .
this app is designed to mount your phone as soon as it is plugged in . it seems to do your missing step . alternatively , this command ( found from this forum ) can be run on the phone ( ex . adb shell ) to turn on disk mode . echo /dev/block/mmcblk0 &gt; /sys/devices/platform/usb_mass_storage/lun0/file edit : this only appears to work in recovery . auto mount app
check out the playstore . while the " official " dropbox app might be too much for them ( forgive them , they are just managers ) , there are others where you can define folders to be automatically synchronized . take e.g. a look at dropsync or foldersync . create a dropbox account to share for this purpose , and configure that on all affected devices -- and your problem should be solved .
disclaimer : " safe " does not mean nothing can go wrong , particularly if you do not follow the instructions exactly . i make no guarantees , and you take the risks of rooting upon yourself . see this post for general rooting guidelines and an index of other devices for which we have rooting guides . if you have the original android 1.6 donut firmware on your device , upgrade it to 2.1 or higher . the official update page should bring you from 1.6 ( or 2.1 ) to 2.2 . the easiest method ( still safe ) &mdash ; 2.1 eclair , 2.2 froyo the easiest method is with gingerbreak . ( the 2.3.3 update patched the vulnerability used in gingerbreak , so if you have gingerbread then see the next section . ) on the device , go to Settings -&gt; Applications and make sure unknown sources and usb debugging ( under Development ) are checked . download the gingerbreak app via your pc and put it on the device 's sd card , or use the browser on the device . install a file browser like explorer since it appears the streak does not come with one . navigate to the gingerbreak . apk , install it , and run it to root your device . you are done ! the safest method ( still easy ) &mdash ; 2.2 froyo , 2.3 gingerbread you can attempt to root via other vulnerabilities but the safest method is probably to replace the stock recovery with streakmod and flash the superuser package through it , bypassing the need for hacks . this might work for 2.1 , but i have not tested it . ( wondering why this is safe ? the streak replaces the recovery with stock on boot . if you screw it up , it will fix itself ! ) install the android sdk on windows . ( you can use linux , but then you have to locate the fastboot package put out by htc at one point since it is not bundled with the sdk for linux . ) download streakmod and extract recovery.img from the . zip file to somewhere easily accessible , say C:\recovery.img . download the superuser package and put it on the device 's sd card . connect the phone to your pc via usb and put it into fastboot mode . the easiest way is through adb on the command line ( adjust the path if needed ) : cd C:\Program Files\Android\android-sdk\platform-tools adb reboot bootloader  alternatively , turn off the phone and then turn it on while holding the camera button . when you reach a white screen , release the camera button . when it loads , tap the FastBoot text button in the top right corner of the screen . you should see FASTBOOT_MODE in the bottom left of the screen when it is ready . from the command line ( adjust the paths if needed ) : cd C:\Program Files\Android\android-sdk\tools fastboot flash recovery C:\recovery.img  the device should show Download RECOVERY Done! when complete . continuing from the command line , enter fastboot reboot and immediately hold down both volume buttons on the device until you reach recovery mode . if the device boots , go back to step 4 ! the custom recovery has been overwritten with stock by the init scripts ; you need to get into streakmod before this happens . using the volume buttons , scroll down to 2. Software upgrade via Update.pkg on SD Card and select it by clicking the camera button . this will take you to streakmod recovery . using the same buttons as in the previous step , select apply sdcard:update.zip , then choose zip from sdcard . select Superuser.zip from wherever you put it ( e . g . , download/ ) . choose Yes - Install Superuser.zip and let it install . then back out ( using the back touch button ) and hit reboot system now . you are done ! if you want to keep streakmod recovery , use your new root powers to rename /system/etc/install-recovery.sh to something else like install-recovery.bak , then repeat steps 4-6a above . note that stock recovery can be downloaded and flashed just like streakmod , so there is not much to worry about if you decide to do this .
if you mean unlocked so any sim can be used , the device comes from google sim unlocked . from wikipedia article : the device is sold sim unlocked ( not restricted to use on a single network provider ) . google offered t-mobile usa and at and t versions of the phone online in the united states before closing the online store in july 2010 . the difference between the at and t and t-mobile version is the bands that the phone uses for its network . if you do not have the right bands , the network will fall back to the common network , which is edge . for example , if you have a t-mobile version , and you mother has at and t , then when she is browsing the internet she will only get edge ( 2g ) speeds . voice there really is not noticeable difference . so to answer your question , you do not have to take it anywhere , and it costs nothing extra . you paid for it to be unlocked when you bought it . you should be able to install applications without having a sim card . at the very least , you will need to have wifi available so you can download the applications . i would suggest a factory reset , then start the device and configure it how you want for your mother , with apps , and email setup , etc .
to address your second question , you can pre-configure the phone to your liking before sending it to your mother . you may wish to factory reset it first ( or reinstall the custom rom you are using , if you are ) , and then configure a ' clean ' image , depending on what you had installed on the phone .
hi martin tapankov : yes . it is safe to remove the stock android keyboard application if you have already installed an alternative ime ( input method editor ) on your phone . you may go to " settings-> local and text-> text settings-> select input method " to select only one preferred ime and then reboot your phone to ensure it automatically picks up your ime . please bear in mind you should not install or move your preferred ime application to the sd card because , after your phone is restarted , the default ime will revert to android keyboard ( if you still have the stock android keyboard application installed ) or your phone will show a lot of forcecloses ( if you have uninstalled the stock android keyboard application ) . good luck ! fyi , i have already done this before on my samsung galaxy s epic 4g ( sph-d700 ) which comes with a hardware slide-out keyboard , so my risk factor has been much smaller than yours . :- )
hope you are enabling usb transfer mode in the s2 usb options . works fine for me that way . more settings > usb utilities > mass storage .
i barely remember similar symptoms caused by a defect sd-card but that does not explain the problems with both virtual devices . did you try a different cable and a different usb-port on the computer side ? just to make sure the problem is not caused by a bad cable connection . . .
your ubuntu is very outofdate . 12.03 12.10 . 13.04 . 13.10 14.04 are all newer versions of ubuntu . use 14.04 or newer when possible since 13 issues with my s2 sdcard are almost nonexistent
it does now . i am using an itrivia palmkey on my galaxy s2 running gingerbread 2.3.5 .
android natively does not support the bluetooth hid profile which would be required for this . so , your options are limited depending on whether you are rooted or not : ( if rooted ) : this youtube video shows the nexus one connected to a microsoft wireless entertainment keyboard 7000 . ( if not rooted ) : teksoft provide a bluetooth hid driver ( commercially , costs about 10 euros ) , which is reportedly successful . note : individual devices that run android may have the hid profile added by their manufacturer -- for example , the dell streak supports bluetooth keyboards .
android 3.0+ supports several bluetooth keyboards such as the logitech tablet keyboard , which i use successfully with my android 4.0 phone ( not tablet ) for note-taking and im .
yes , you can . just pair with the keyboard and it will work .
in android 2.1 and later , pressing a contact 's image in the contacts / dialer or sms app ( as well as others that support the protocol ) results in a small popup from where you can view the person 's contact info / send sms / dial their number or email them . looks like this :
your question is not very clear . can you clarify what it is you are asking ? when someone calls me on my droid , their contact picture ( assuming they have one ) is displayed while the phone is ringing and during the call ( unless the screen blanks from the proximity sensor ) . when i am viewing my contacts , i can tap a contact 's picture and i get several options to choose , depending on what apps i have installed and what information i have for the person . for example , for one of my contacts right now i see icons for call , sms , gmail , google talk , facebook , twitter , maps , and browser .
well i finally figured this out , after racking up 800mb of upload and 3.5mb of download with my exchange email over 2 days . . . i had tried to send someone an 8mb pdf and it never sent successfully . . . so it tried again , and again , and again , and again . the email was stuck in my outbox and could not be deleted . i would get " server error " messages ( derp ! ) . the solution was to de-couple the device from exchange , completely removing that account , thereby deleting the message , and then re-registering the device . now all is as it should be . . . long story short -- keep an eye on your outbox !
you might want to take a look at e.g. mail myself / selfmail ( which integrate into the share menu ) , or email me / email to self : create homescreen shortcuts which use a preselected email address and/or label by long pressing on a blank space on your homescreen , then select shortcuts , then email to self . guess that is what you are looking for ; )
google voice actions has what you want . simply enter voice command mode , say " note to self " , then say whatever your note is . when you are done an email message will be sent to you with the text of your message .
this is happening because of an issue ( or a feature ? ) on stock samsung firmware . whenever you reboot the phone , the " show notifications " setting of apps that were moved to sd card will revert to its original state , which is to allow notifications . the work-around is to move the app back to the phone , and the setting will persist across reboots .
i also had same issue and i initially connected my phone in ptp mode and then phone got detected but i could not see the videos . i went to phone and changed mode to mtp and then the videos were available . catch here is that when you are connecting your phone to laptop it should be in ptp mode and then change to mtp . if you have mtp mode and try connecting your mobile to laptop then your pc might not detect the phone .
camera ptp mode means picture transfer protocol . this is probably why you can not see any videos . select usb mode and navigate to the same folder . make sure you are checking the right " camera " folder as you may have 2 , one on your sd card and one in the internal phone memory .
this very comprehensive article entitled " guide to game controllers on android " published on 9th may 2012 maybe greatly beneficial to you : http://www.pocketables.com/2012/05/guide-to-game-controllers-on-android.html you may also be interested in this video ( approx . 45 mins duration ) entitled " gaming on the nexus 7 with a ps3 controller " http://revision3.com/hak5/how-to-bluetooth-a-controller-to-nexus
i use a backup tool ( smsbackuprestore ) to save old message on my sd card . very nice because you can read the backup file to find your old messages . i followed the same scheme as yours ( i own a samsung galaxy y pro - gt-b5510 ) . the only problem i still have now is the low ram . apps are becoming more and more greedy and even the simplest apps need 20mb ram and that is too much with all the " google services " taking up to 50mb . so now , i am trying to find a way to overcome the lag caused by the low ram . from what i read on forums , the problem of low space comes from the apps mostly . but messages take space too ( i had some problem too ) and lag was coming from the messaging app that does not bear so many messages . so backup was the only solution for me .
it depends on the actual android version of the rom you flashed . it the paranoidrom and cyanogenmod rom are both android 4.2 then you do not need a new set of gapps , if there are not then if might just be safe to get a new set of gapps
yes you need to download gapps from here : http://goo.im/gapps just chose the corect version of cyanogen mod that you have , note that cyanogen mode 10 has another gapps then cyanogen mod 10.1 .
task killing is never a solution when it comes to " preserving battery " . as you discovered , most things restart themselves automatically . what could help , however , is ( temporarily ) turn off all services you do not need -- after all , it is just for that one run , and ( as you already pointed out ) you can resign from some of them : do you need a data connection for runkeeper ? if not : switch it off , that would save the most . if it is really needed : disable account synchronization , and do the same for all apps which are periodically syncing ( e . g . rss reader and the like ) . while running , you will not pickup phone calls anyway -- switch off the radio ( if no data are needed : just switch to airplane mode . while in airplane mode , you still can enable some services separately , such as e.g. bluetooth and gps ) . big savings again minor things include bluetooth . i do not think you want to listen to music via a bt headset while running -- so switch it off . if you really need audio , use a wired headset . display : turn brightness down as much as possible . if it is rarely turned on , this might not have much effect -- but it contributes . some apps which you will not need " on the run " might offer to exit them completely . do so . this altogether should save a lot of juice -- and should preserve enough power for 5h runkeeper with gps , i would say . good luck , and have a successful double-marathon ( one for you running , and one for power-saving ; ) !
it is required for phones ( at least in europe and us ) to allow emergency calls without requiring the user to unlock the phone or the sim card . you can always make an emergency call when you are in a cell coverage area and the phone has power . it is a safety feature , which guarantees you can use any phone in an emergency to get assistance , regardless of the state the phone is in . take this scenario : you are in a car crash and your own phone breaks . an unconscious friend 's cell phone is working , but it has a pattern/pin/password lock on it , or it lost power but boots to the sim pin screen . the feature guarantees that you can make the call without knowledge of the correct pattern/pin/password . the numbers you can call with this feature are restricted to the most common or regional emergency numbers , and are translated by the carrier to the local emergency numbers if you are roaming . the exception to this are wifi-only tablets , which can not make calls at all . edit : if the device 's sim is locked , it detects the networks available and identifies it is own network , but does not register the device to the network . in the case of emergency calls , the phone does not need to be registered to the network , all calls to emergency numbers are allowed , regardless of the state of the sim or carrier subscription . even with no sim at all , the networks are detected and the carrier with the strongest signal is used .
with emergency calls you can dial only emergency numbers like 911 , 112 etc , they differ from country to country . and afaik in absence of a network/signal the emergency call is made using the available network of any network provider in region . so the main purpose of " emergency call " button is that when in emergency you can dial emergency numbers without unlocking your device .
the " device offline " output means that the device is detected , but it refuses any operation because the user did not allow that particular computer to connect ( secure adb ) . your device is up and running , and displaying a confirmation window on its non-functioning screen . you could try to power the device on and blindly hit the ok button after unlocking the screen , then all adb commands should work . alternatively , if you have used adb with another computer , try it with that . also , all devices offer some kind of id even in this state , displayed by " adb devices" ; this is the serial number most of the time . see if it is the right format . edit : " fastboot devices " should show the serial number too . also , it should be easy to put the n7 into fastboot mode even without a screen .
i have had this happen to me before and a reboot was enough to fix it .
hold the widget with your thumb for some time then drag it to the main menu .
go to settings --> apps --> clear data and cache of launcher ( i think it is trebuchet ) .
you must distinguish security between programming errors that make a system less secure ( as in the article your referenced ) and the security-architecture . i am only writinge about security-architecture . android has a sandbox that shields the apps from each other and from sensitive os-features . on installation an android-app requires permissions to sensitive issues : access internet , files , adressbook , . . . . . . if the running app tries to access some sensitive api whre there are no permissions the app is aboarted . on unrooted devices the os does not allow to write to os-files . one app cannot access other apps ' private files . this is a good starting point for security . however there is no fine grained security : example : either an android app is allowed to access all internet or internet is not allowed . you can not restrict an android app to access only a certain url . there is no way that you can specify " ask me every time the app wants to access the internet . " the same applies to other sensitive issues as well : contacts , making sms-calls , accessing public folders in the filesystem , . . . . so as long there is no " allow on demand " feature in the os and no more fine grained security-settings for me android up to version 4 is not secure enough . but as an open source system it has the potential to become more secure over time . comparison to other mobile os . the dotnet-platform of windows mobile 6 and its predecessors down to ppc2003 also has a sandbox and much finer grained security settings . i am not shure how effective these are and if security modell still exists in the current system . i have an old motorola java-me phone that is quite secure because the manufacturer does not allow other apps to access sensitive functions as long as the app is not signed by motorola itself or one of its trust partners . there is no setting that allows me as the phone owner to disable this security . however other java-me-phone vendors have this option .
this is too big for a comment , so here goes : both articles cite one and the same mcafee report . mcafee is a security products vendor , hardly an impartial observer to the malware scene . mcafee does not have products which for ios devices , but they most certainly do for android devices . and paid , too . turns out they might have for both platforms . i can not be bothered to install itunes to verify . android is the fastest-growing mobile platform , and with an absolutely crazy 73%+ growth rate , and now has 48% market share , compared to just 10% in the beginning of 2010 . no big surprise here -- this is just a marketing ploy by a security vendor to sell more products . the same trick they pulled off with other av vendors that they did with pcs in the mid-2000s . as an aside , security is not all that much platform-dependent as it is people-dependent . most of the largest security breaches are caused by social engineering attacks rather than technical limitations . i have yet to see with my eyes an android malware application , it has always been beyond me how people manage to get infected . see also this related question on whether you need av on your android ( short answer -- no ) . your phone should be secure as long as you use common sense while installing and using applications . do not trust anything that is on the market play store , the same way as you would not trust a random pc program , or a facebook " app " for that matter . ios and anrdoid security concerns pop here and there in the news occasionally , but from observing both markets for some time i am fairly convinced that both platforms offer reasonable ( technical ) protection to their users , and offending applications are removed with short notice . google has even removed malware applications from devices without user discretion at least once .
as far as the safety of android , it depends a little more on the user . ios has a vetting process for their apps , so it is very hard for malware to get onto the app store . with android , it is much easier to put an app on the market . also , if the phone is configured to install from unknown sources , you can install software from anywhere . however , if someone is smart about the aps they install , it is not an issue . restrict app installation to the google play/market store and the amazon app store , or other trusted software companies . when you install from the google play/market , look at the number of downloads and the ratings - these provide an indication of how much you can trust the app .
i have heard reports of batteries dying after being left in storage for extended periods . that is wrong assumption if your keeping your battery without working condition or when phone is switched off . there is no reason battery will die .
unlike ni-cd and ni-mh batteries , li-ion batteries primarily lose their capacity by calender time rather than by charge/discharge cycles . it is simply a fact of the chemistry . from the time the cell is assembled , it will lose capacity over time , regardless of whether it is in active use or sitting in a warehouse . stored unused , you are looking at up to 15-20% loss of capacity per year ( pg 4 , figure 5b ) with the battery just sitting on a shelf . though this is more a worst-case scenario , as the battery is being stored at 35 . to help prevent this capacity loss , you should store the battery cold . in the paper above , storing the battery at 5 c ( a few degrees warmer than an average kitchen fridge , which is ideally about 1.6 c ) reduced the capacity loss rate by about half . putting the battery in a nice airtight bag ( a small ziplock is good ) is highly recommended for fridge storage to prevent unfortunate incidents relating to spills and condensation .
this is going to be application dependent . for example , dolphin browser hd has an option in the settings menu to specify what directory you download files to , and you can change that to the internal memory instead of the microsd card . i do not believe you can change this option in the stock android browser .
you could also make /sdcard/ a symbolic link to somewhere else instead of to /mnt/sdcard/ like it is by default . that assumes the browser uses /sdcard , however . if it uses /mnt/sdcard/ you had have to edit the mounting script ( part of init ? ) to not mount the sd card , and then create /mnt/sdcard/ as a symbolic link to somewhere else . something like that . note that most/all of this requires root .
with the new update to facebook app now , the chat head is opened whenever i start my chat with a friend . note that if we want to use the old way of chatting via facebook , we would use the facebook messenger app .
a free app called notification shortcuts gives you the ability to set up a permanent notification that will open an app you specify when you select the notification . you can set up multiple shortcuts and can even set up toggles for wifi , bluetooth , etc , if you want . the downside to this is that when you receive a message , you will have a second notification from the chat app itself . but since the facebook chat app lacks an option to set up a permanent notification , this 3rd-party app is the next best solution .
with the big google plus push this past year , google have been slowly moving to retire picasa web albums entirely . first , they made it so that all of your picasa albums are available via google+ photos , then they have set picasa 3 desktop application 's sharing options to google+ as the default , then they even started redirecting https://picasaweb.google.com/home address to google+ photo albums , and android gallery sync options are indeed gone in 4.2.2 version . as of this writing , the latest gapps package includes the following change log : all apps updated to 4.2.2 versions google play store updated to 3.10.14 google play services updated to 3.0.25 gmail2 . apk ( gmail ) and googleears . apk ( sound search for google play ) removed since they are available in the google play store --may require uninstalling and reinstalling gmail and sound search after flashing . keeps previous version 's photosphere/picasa sync install on mako , manta , and tuna . the last line means that the gallery , which is no longer a stand-alone app , and instead integrated with the camera app , is an older version in order to preserve the picasa sync functionality , while keeping the newer camera features such as pohtosphere . unfortunately this is only available on very few devices such as nexus 4 ( code name " mako" ) , nexus 10 ( code name " manta" ) , and the galaxy nexus family ( code name " tuna" ) . this is due to the camera apps not being open source on either google 's android core apps , or every other manufacturer 's ui overlay . it is therefore impossible to get the picasa sync code working on other devices . if you are willing to experiment a bit , there is an older version of an add-on to the main gapps package here which may help you get picasa sync back . you should flash this gapps-jb-picasa-20121011-signed.zip file after flashing the latest gapps . zip package . however , keep in mind that this add-on was designed for android 4.1 ( not 4.2 . x ) /cyanogenmod 10 ( not 10.1 , ) and will therefore remove any newer camera features . it may also cause other unforeseen issues and instabilities , so make sure to take a nandroid backup of your current rom before flashing that file .
the headphone jack has 3 channels . 1 mono mic and 1 stereo outputs . while you could modify a headset cord to input the mono channel from another set of headphone cables this would not produce any level of quality sound . i have a xperia x10 and the frequencies on the mic input are narrow . highly recommend you copy the music from the mp3 player to a computer and copy from the computer to your phone . add a larger micro sd card if necessary .
i just installed airbubble which is seen , in itunes , as an external speaker . works great .
i do not know of any way to make your phone a remote speaker alone but there are methods that would achieve basically the same result . without knowing your exact goal it is hard to give you a specific recommendation but here is one way to have audio stored on a seperate device play through you phones speaker/headphones : setting up a wireless media server will allow you to stream media from your computer to you phone . so while it is not simply acting as a speaker , you are able to hear media that is stored on your computer on your phone . there are numerous ways to do this like using dlna or any of the number of apps that serve media over wifi or 3g .
if you had a pretty decent pc , you could try using the official android emulator from the android sdk . the only problem might be that with the current emulator , there is no graphic acceleration yet so game performance might not be so great , though google says it will be coming soon .
you might have to fidget with this one , and if you could get it working , it would be awesome . there is an android x86 project that you could use to boot android on your computer , and just play the games there . the builds they have up now come with a few games , and if you could install . apk files to it , then you could play all the games right there ! let us know if you do this , and how well it works !
for viewing the phone 's screen from your pc you could use a solution from this question : how to capture video stream from android phone screen and show it on laptop ? . you might be able to get up to 30 fps depending on the quality . a clever way to control the game externally , if you do not want to hold the phone , is to attach it to a gaming steering wheel :p sort of like the wiimote steering wheel attachment . as far as i am aware the emulator would be too slow and the only " android player " out there is for the blackberry playbook , not pc .
unless the oem has built in the option ( samsung have for example ) you cannot change the device name without root . the nexus-7 does not have this option . on the samsung galaxy s4 ( for example ) you can go to settings > more > about device > device name and you can change it directly from there . for those with root :  su getprop net.hostname setprop net.hostname &lt;new_hostname&gt;  or simply download a build . prop editor app from the play store . this requires root also . warning : any changes to this file can stop your device from working or cause unexpected behaviour , do so at your own risk . to change hotspot name : go to wireless and networks > tethering and portable hotspot . then tick the box next to portable wi-fi hotspot tap portable wi-fihotspot settings and you can edit the wi-fi network name , and choose a password . enter your name there !
i do not think it is possible without root . if you are rooted then install a terminal emulator on the tablet . enter the following : su getprop net . hostname setprop net . hostname {new_hostname} the ' getprop ' command will return the current hostname , so you can double-check it before setting the new one . reboot to refresh network assignments . taken from here ( the method without root did not show up for me so not including that ) or you could install an app from the play store that will allow you to change the host name . i expect they are doing the same thing as the commands above though , as they all require root .
summing up from the comments : this very much depends on . . . the rom used the update format chosen for a specific update some roms ( e . g . cyanogenmod ) come with their own " updaters " , where special rules might apply . specifically , they might deliver " patch updates " , where only some files will be replaced . in those cases , no further action is required ( except for , maybe , a reboot ) . some other roms ship in specific formats , and might require special tools to be flashed ( e . g . odin or heimdall for samsung devices ) . again other roms are delivered using the update.zip principle , where a custom recovery is needed to install them . this update.zip may be a complete rom , or also just a patch . instructions usually are to be found where the updates are offered for download . in all above cases , some " initial steps " required for the first rom install can be skipped and must not be repeated , including . . . rooting your device ( custom roms usually come pre-rooted ) unlocking the bootloader ( unless you have re-locked it ) installing a custom recovery ( when it is already there , no re-install is required ; though there might be updates to this as well , and a newer custom rom might require a minimum version here as well . again , instructions should say so ) it is always a good idea to perform a backup before installing updates ( or tampering with system stuff in any other way ) . points to check for include : nandroid backup : a full " sector-wise " copy of all the important partitions . if things go wrong altogether , this enables you to revert to the exact state of when these backups were created logical full-backup : this is performed by tools like titanium-backup , and usually includes all your apps and data . so if something is missing after the rom update , you can substitute the necessary parts . ( note that titanium backup also can do that with nandroid-backups ) adb backup : quite similar to the previous one ( see the backup wiki for details and differences ) . note also that an ota-update is quite unlikely to happen with custom roms . some even include an app named fota-kill to " silence " the related update check . they either bring their own updater , or none altogether . in the latter case , the user has to check himself whether and when updates are available ; often a " reminder " can be setup by subscribing to the corresponding thread on xda ( or wherever the rom comes from ) , but actions have to be taken manually ( as described above ) . as i have shown until here , videos on updating your rom most likely do not exist as the process already has been described as part of the initial video ; though a few words like " for updating , skip to index ab:cd " would be a good idea ( and could be suggested in the comments ) . a special case are the google-apps ( short : gapps ) . whether you have to re-install them or not mainly depends on whether it was a " full update " ( complete rom ) , or the update just replaced some files . but it is easy to figure : when finished , just check if they are there and working . if not , you obviously have to flash them again . as a full-update replaces the entire partition content , gapps would be gone with that ; a " patch-update " would just replace/add some files , and not touch the gapps , so they had still be there . gapps are never part of a custom rom ( if they are , the " rom cook " is in trouble due to license issues ) .
i doubt that something like an sms/mms virus exists or is " in the wild " . if this mms was really originating from your phone , than this could only be caused by an malicious app . now , there are two ways how any app can send/receive sms/mms : by having the appropriate permissions you can easily find out which app has requested , and since you installed it , granted , which permissions that app got granted . see this question for tools . by exploiting the android system if there is an root exploit within the android system and within the dalvik vm , any app could use it to do anything . afaik as of android 2.3.5 there are no public known exploits . not sure what is the state in case of android 2.1 sms history editing the sms history is not necessary . the history is part of the ( stock ) sms client . if an android app uses to api to send an sms/mms the history is not involved .
when the screen redraws , that is usually a sign of low memory . considering this device is 3 years old , has 768mb of ram , a 1ghz single core processor and running an android version that was never even released for the phone , lag is going to happen . chrome and opera are both very memory hungry apps and since your device has a small amount of memory and an os with unknown memory footprint and optimizations , other tabs will get purged from memory quite easily , leading to redraws when switching tabs .
well i just did the ota update so i am not sure if it was there before , but now when viewing a group i can see the edit group button when displaying a group in the contacts .
google now by default will think that you are in the usa . the app pulls your home address from google latitude . this is also how it knows when you are home and it is the basics for traffic info . to change this go into : Maps -&gt; Location History (tab)  here you can set both your home and work address .
i think it might differ among apps . to figure out the app in question runs in background or not , just use system> apps> running services . if it is push notification , it consumes data only when it receives data . even if it runs in background it does not consume data .
polling for updates it depends on how the app is written . most commonly , the app uses android 's AlarmManager to run itself at intervals ( say , every hour ) to check for updates . some apps might do this to keep themselves in sync with server data regardless of whether notifications are turned on or off in the app , and may ( or may not ) have another setting to disable syncing completely . other apps might only run this periodic check if notifications are turned on , and only sync when you start the app yourself . however it controls that , you should expect that when the AlarmManager starts the app in the background , it runs for as it long as it takes to get any new data from the server , and then stops running when it is finished . it will then not run until the AlarmManager starts it again in another hour ( or however long it is set to wait ) . there is ( usually ) no need for the app to be running in the background the whole time , though of course a badly written app may do this . cached background processes do not forget that android keeps background processes in memory even when they have stopped running , unless/until another process needs to use that memory . if the app is ' stopped ' , it is not using any resources , not even if android is keeping it in memory . google cloud messaging apps can use google cloud messaging ( gcm ) to be ' pushed ' updates from servers ( i.e. . from " the cloud" ) . instead of being started at regular intervals to check for data , they are only started when new data are available . this means they use less power , because they are not being started unnecessarily ; and less data , because they only talk to the server when they know it has new data . as above , an app might use gcm to keep its data in sync with the server , even if notifications are turned off . it is an implementation detail of the app : it should not affect its observable behaviour , just how much power and data it uses . android itself keeps an open connection to google 's servers . there is only one such connection on the whole phone , so installing a new app that uses gcm does not use any extra resources . when the android system receives a gcm message for a particular app , it starts that app in the background to give it the message : the app does not need to have been running already . the app then runs , and reads the message . the size of gcm messages is severely limited , so the app may still need to contact the server to find out more . for example , the gcm message might just say how many new emails there are , and the client then needs to check the server to download the new emails . for flight details , it may be that the message only has a gate number or an updated departure time , so the app might not need to contact the server for more details . as before , when the app has finished processing the update , and it has created a notification if necessary , it can stop itself : it does not need to keep running .
check out the free stayawake app simple app to toggle a stay awake mode . enables stay awake , always if plugged in to ac/usb
the htc sensation uses a capacitive touchscreen , so any standard capacitive stylus will work for touch-based input . simply be sure you do not purchase a stylus designed for a resistive touchscreen .
as @logos has said rightly having any modifications on rom does not have any effect on the charge/discharge . first of all let 's understand the simple concept of battery consumption . the device requires charge to run the software and perform various tasks done by the processor ( graphics , antenna , gps , bluetooth etc . ) . it only depends on which kind of processor is used by your device and not by the rom , having an updated or increased rom will only give you speed but not charge . if this processor design is not good then due to some usage itself the device gets heated up thereby raising health concerns . as the number of charge consuming hardware increases ( nfc , wi-fi , bluetooth , graphic card , high output speakers , camera etc . ) the battery capacity also increases ( 2500mah or 3500mah ) . if the battery capacity is less then you will suffer from low battery very soon and if the battery capacity is high ( i.e. . around 3000mah ) then the time required to do a full charge ( 100 % charge ) will take some time due to this many smartphones in the market having higher capacity battery ( devices with high capacity battery are fixed permanently in your device for example motorola e has higher capacity battery which can easily last for a day , has its battery soldered permanently in the phone and cannot be removed ) so next time you purchase a device go for a high capacity battery as well as the latest android 4.4.4 operating system ( the latest operating system of android is by far the best for consuming less and efficient battery management ) . visit this site for further details about smartphone batteries . now coming to your phone usage in order to improve the battery life try reducing the screen brightness to optimum level and not automatic brightness . turn off the mobile data/wi-fi/g . p . s when not in use . use headphones instead of a speaker on your device wherever possible . last but not the least as you would be traveling a lot in your car invest in a car charger accessory which is readily available and also gives you charge on the move .
chraging is generally limited by hardware , not the rom - ie , the charging cable and the device charging input and battery . different charging adaptors can provide different amperages ( eg , the note ii charger provides a 2amp feed ) . using the wrong amperage may damage your device by overloading the charging port or battery , depending on your hardware ; it is unlikely tho as the hardware should limit this . if you are finding that your car charger is not providing enough juice , you might want to try buying a charging cord with higher amperage than the charging cord you are currently using . the maximum charge rating for a galaxy s ii is for 5v/1amp .
according to this youtube video , where the user measured actual current drawn while adjusting the settings , the maximum is 650ma ( . 65a ) . contrary to the first answer , the charging device cannot in any way " push " current into any device ; it is like the ac outlet , which can supply a lot of current , but will never supply too much unless there is a defect or short . the charger can only supply current , hopefully enough to satisfy the amount the device is trying to draw . you cannot damage your device by using an adaptor that supplies higher current , you can only slow down the charging by supplying too little . the device itself contains the charging circuitry that controls how much current is drawn at various stages of charging . if the wall adaptor could damage a device by supplying too much current , then it would not be safe to plug it into the computer usb port , which is often capable of supplying higher current when properly negotiated by the device .
i do not think there is a setting in adw that can do that . i use adw . ex and i looked through all the settings and did not see any way to achieve what your are asking for . it is , however , open source , so someone could implement the option for this , or you could request it to anderweb and he might add it to an update .
download mobiletrans , run it . connect your nokia and android at a time via usb click " start copy " to transfer contacts , text messages , photos and videos from nokia to the android . it was developed by wondershare , you can download it from here edit : maybe you can have a try with samsung switch mobile , created by sumsang
connect your nokia handset and start nokia ovi suite on your pc create a backup . nbu file ( it does not matter what you select for backup , as long as it includes messages ) download nbu explorer ( open-source program which allows you to explore . nbu backup files and export them ) run nbuexplorer . exe > file > open > browse to your . nbu file and open it go to the messages tab and click on " export messages " button located above the table on the right pane in the " save as type " field , select ( * . xml ) and save the file i wrote a little tool which converts the . xml file to the format accepted by thesms backup and restore android application . download xml2android . exe save the tool in the same folder where you saved the . xml extracted file open the command line console ( win7: start > type " cmd " and press enter ) cd to the directory where you saved the files ( e . g . cd c:\my_messages ) execute : xml2android ( e . g . xml2android my_sms . xml ) this will generate a file called androidsms . xml , copy this file to your android phone on your android , download the sms backup and restore app from google play now , simply run the app on your phone and restore your old messages from the generated xml file . you are done !
i think the sorting problem depends on your messaging app . many stock messaging app does not sort messages by date but by received time . the aosp messaging app does sort by date ( in cyanogenmod at least ) . textra does ( 4.0+ ) , go sms too , and also the new hangouts app ( 4.0+ ) .
the xoom dock has a connector to the usb port for audio and stability . the back of the dock has a stereo out port . here is a link detailing the innards and how to convert to a plain usb . http://wordpress.greghausman.com/2011/05/08/motorola-xoom-usb-dock/
i also have that phone and it had fastboot disabled . to quickly answer your question , i have not found a method to install a fastboot rom from ubuntu but it is possible to flash a custom rom from it . assuming there is fastboot rom installed , you should first boot it into fastboot mode ( if you have adb running , just use adb reboot bootloader ) : turn the phone off hold the camera button and then the power on button keep pressing the camera button until you see the lg logo the phone will be in fastboot mode when you see a blank screen ( just the back light will be on ) . after that , you should be able to use ubuntu to flash a custom rom . all you have to do is open a terminal in the folder containing the extracted files and type : this process should take about 10 minutes to complete . just for the record , i downloaded fastboot binary from here and swiftdroid 2.0 from here , but i believe you can use any fastboot-ready rom ( in other words , roms with boot.img and system.img ) . if you do not have a fastboot-enabled rom installed already , you can do it using the kdz updater as described here , but you have to use windows and the fastboot rom . reference thread and post
i think you might be a little confused . android is based off of linux and everything that can be done for android on windows can be done much easier on linux . : ) to answer your question . unlike other phones lg makes , they did not disable fastboot on your phone . it is enabled by default afaik . fastboot is just a binary that allows the user to send commands remotely to the phone from the desktop . you just need to be in fastboot mode on your phone for the commands to be recognized . on linux , you dont need special programs like kdz , you just need the android sdk and a few commands in terminal . the xda dev forums are your best friends when it comes to android development and custom roms . this page ( especially the 1st link on the page concerning ubuntu ) should get you started : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1032744 http://forum.xda-developers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=773 1st link is the sticky with what is needed to get you started and the 2nd link is just the links to the other sections in the gt540 forum which is provided for convenience .
is it possible to enable fastboot and/or install a custom rom using linux ? sad to say , but no , you can not yet enable fastboot using linux easily . you need to find someone with windows ( was best option for me ) or deal with virtual machines . p.s. lucky you need it only once , i found someone with windows just to enable fastboot , now can flash rom using fastboot tool on linux .
no . there is not . io owned this device for a long time , and you need the kdz updater to install a fastboot rom . once that is done , you can shun windows forever .
you can temporarily turn off 2-step verification , and turn it back on after you have logged in . i had the same issue with galaxy tab 2 , and did just that .
you should try to set up an " application specific " password for your tab , and enter that password when you enter your account details . now you totally avoid the second screen asking for the code . you can create an application specific password at https://accounts.google.com/b/0/issuedauthsubtokens ( at least that is the one i use ) kind regards joern
unbind the gmail account . clear google play data . bind the gmail account .
that usb input in the honda pilot only supports certain drivers . it looks like it has support for standard flash thumb drives and ipod products . android comes preloaded with the drivers necessary to communicate with windows so until honda updates the stereos driver support or someone puts the necessary drivers to interface with the pilot on your device i believe you will be out of luck .
do you have the usb set to the right setting ? settings-> applications-> usb settings-> [ mass storage or media player ] try all the different settings , it is not obvious which one the car is happy with ( if any ) also under settings -> applications -> development try turning on [ usb debugging ] .
as you can see from the screenshot , you can definitely get colored output in ls on android . ( side note - i have got some bashrc magic running so the default ls output is ls --color=auto ) probably you are either running ls in a sh shell and not bash , you have got a watered-down oem version of ls , or there is some strange magic happening between adb on windows and the linux terminal . what device/android version/rom are you running ? what output does ls --version give ?
try downloading the update . zip again to ensure it is not a bad download . try updating your version of clockworkmod recovery , i think the latest version for your phone is 6.0.3.1 . get into fastboot mode and ensure you have the drivers installed . you can flash this by downloading the relevant file and running the command fastboot flash recovery &lt;recoveryfile&gt; ( replace with the filename of the recovery you downloaded ( eg recovery-clockwork-touch-6.0.3.1-crespo4g . img ) if that fails you could try flashing the factory image again . download the factory image from here and unzip . there should be a flash-all . bat which will restore your phone to stock . note that this operation deletes all user data by default . ( although i guess you have already wiped so nothing left to delete ! )
after failing to avoid freezing by sw settings , i resorted to last resort : baking motherboard . : ) result : device is bricked . it wont even start . i will buy a new motherboard .
the apk file is stored in the internal memory still , it is in the ' data ' folder . i do not think you can do much about that with earlier versions of android but if you find a way then please let me know !
do the following : go to app info for gmail : open app drawer and drag up the gmail icon to the option app info . tap the button clear data . confirm the operation . wait for gmail sync . you will be greeted again as if it was the first time you opened gmail , but recent labels list will be cleared .
the option to choose what application to use when making a call ( or anything else , such as open a webpage ) happens when you do not have a default set . so if you want to get asked whether to use dialler/skype/viber when you try to call a contact , then you need to clear the default settings for dialler . you will not get the prompt otherwise . there is no way to set this up on a per-number or per-contact basis in the dialler .
go to setting , manage applications , press the all tab and scroll down to dialler/skype/viber go to options then select clear default button . http://androidforums.com/samsung-galaxy-s3/590961-dialer-default-search-settings.html
i am pretty sure what you are asking for is a firewall , so by searching for that i have found what seems to be a very popular app that might work for you : droidwall - front-end application for the powerful iptables linux firewall . allows you to restrict which apps can access the network . i tried finding some other alternatives for you , but every page i find seem to list this firewall as a recommendation , so it might be either really good or there might not be a lot of firewall apps out there ( or both ) : ) it does require root . happy firewalling !
you may be thinking of lbe privacy guard . it needs root and can grant or deny other apps various permissions on a case-by-case basis . whether you trust a security solution from an otherwise unknown chinese vendor is for you to decide .
when running adb without any commands , you get a list of possible commands , and here it is : adb sync [ &lt;directory&gt; ] - copy host-&gt;device only if changed (see 'adb help all')  looks pretty relevant to me : )
yes , assuming the device has been rooted and someone has engineered the update to work with your specific device . how fast that happens depends on how hard the devices manufacturer has made it , and how active the community is . its not as simple as just loading windows on a computer . i asked a similar question a while ago . check out the answers for more detail : what is involved in installing android onto a device ?
if you use good reads here 's three apps that sync with the service : http://www.appbrain.com/app/goodreads-droid/hactar.goodreads http://www.appbrain.com/app/mybookdroid-%28books-library%29/org.zezula.bookdiary https://market.android.com/details?id=com.goodreads ( goodreads ' official app )
i have used this book catalogue program to enter my book collection . it lets you enter books via isbn ( manually or scanning ) , has a search feature and works great . it has bookshelfs where you should create on for a reading list , although there is a checkbox ' have read the book ' also . . . check it out if : maybe it has enough of the features you want to be useful . i like it very much .
it is not possible to programmatically toggle offline mode ( ie , by creating an intent or with tasker or something ) . however you can limit streaming quality over mobile networks , same with downloading of offline playlists . spotify is aware of some users having problems with high data usage , and some of the recent 1 . x releases have contained fixes for these types of problems . so always make sure that you have the latest version of the spotify app installed !
go to settings and untick " download over 2g/3g " . this way spotify will not download/update playlists when wifi connection is not available . it can however still stream music , so to disable that just tick the " offline mode " option . if you leave it ticked it will not stream music anymore and you will be only able to listen to previously downloaded playlists . also , you settings will be preserved and the next time you start spotify it will still be in offline mode , preventing unwanted mobile data traffic .
no need to do that , if your device runs at least android 4.0 : from your homescreen , go to settings  data usage tick the checkbox to enable data limit in the graph , move the bars to some level suiting you ( can be imaginary high , to not toggle your mobile data off altogether when reached ) scroll down until you find the spotify app , tap its entry to open details scroll to the end of that screen , tick the checkbox to " limit background data " done . now , unless spotify is running in foreground , it should no longer automatically use mobile data . this setting has no effect to wifi , so it would perfectly fit your needs : while on wifi , spotify feels no restriction . as soon as you switch to mobile data , the app is no longer allowed to automatically transfer anything in background  but should still permit actions you trigger when the app is in foreground .
you can still get the apk of an app with applications like es file explorer , appmonster or titanium backup . but i do not know if they back up datas when the apk is built .
having now read more about the apk file format , i think i can now safely answer my own question with " it is impossible " . an apk file does not contain a data structure which is " unpacked " on install like the packages used by , for example , most linux distributions . instead , an apk is simply a self-contained , rebadged jar file that contains the application 's bytecode , manifest and certificate and nothing else . the contents of /data/data/[appname] are presumably created by the application code when it is first run ( or at some future point ) , and there is no way of embedding such data into an apk so that the system automatically moves it to the correct destination at install time .
download bluekeyboard jp from the play store . this makes it a lot easier to set up a bluetooth keyboard . here is how to set it up : install the app . then go to settings > language and keyboard . check bluekeyboard jp and go into its settings , and then into bluetooth settings . enable bluetooth and scan for devices . make sure your bluetooth keyboard is on also . if you see it in the devices list , click it and then it'll ask you to enter a pin . just type 4 numbers ( 0000 or 1234 for example ) and press ok . once you do that , on your bluetooth keyboard , type the same number sequence and press enter and it should say your keyboard is " paired , but not connected " on your droid . go back and disable auto capitalization , select your keyboard in the selected keyboard tab and you should be good to go . to try it out effectively , disable your android keyboard ( or select the bluekeyboard jp keyboard in the input method tab ) and go into any app and select a text field and it should say that the keyboard is trying to connect in your notification bar . once it does , try typing and it should work ! the google play page has some reviews from droid x users saying it works just fine for them . that said , a lot of reviewers ( on various devices ) complain of unreliability .
there is an app called mobileodin , which is able to flash your recovery from a running system .
first of all , there is no equivalent of an ipod among the android phones . the most obvious reason being the fact that an ipod is not a phone in the first place : you can listen to music , play videos , games , and even call with some im services , but it is not a phone . the equivalent of android phones might be the iphone , for example . going to your question , yes . you can connect to any wi-fi , as long as you know the password , and download the applications . there is no hardware obstacle , if that is what you are thinking about . i think you will need to associate a gmail account , but that is the only requirement as far as i can remember .
the equivalent of an ipod in the android world would be one of these two : a handset with no telephony at all , this will be wifi only an example of this is the samsung galaxy player . a prepaid handset phone , this will still connect to wifi , but later on if you wanted , you could connect it to a phone network an example of this is the lg optimus v on virgin mobile . as long as the manufacturer supports it ( check the product page , but i think most do nowadays ) , you will be able to download apps from the google play store . you will also be able to download from alternate stores depending on the device . finally , i think all android devices can download from the amazon appstore .
maybe access control is a solution ? guard mode : calls , notes , gallery , text messages will be hidden and launcher editing is disabled access control : choose what applications are password protected to run
you might want to check for " app lockers " like e.g. app lock , which allow you to password-protect apps , or use even more restrictive child protection apps like e.g. child app protector , which can sandbox an environment ( also called " kiosk mode" ) . a somehow " special " solution would be app locker ii : fake crash , which in " protected mode " displays a fake force-close message so people do not get the idea you protected something .
com.sec.android.gallery3d.picasa.contentprovider was using 80% of my battery . i followed these instructions to turn it off .
i started having major battery drain after updating some apps recently . betterbatterystats showed this same msm_otg as what was preventing sleep . uninstalling google+ updates , and stopping picasa sync fixed it . i did not have a picasa album showing in my gallery as the link indicates , but i am 100% that the g+ and picasa connection was the culprit . the steps listed in the link are : open settings , scroll down and tap application manager tap all select google+ tap uninstall updates return to home screen by pressing middle button find google+ in apps menu and open it follow setup steps , when prompted about auto uploads choose to turn them off close google+ open settings , scroll down and tap accounts and sync select your google account untick these options if available : sync google+ , sync google photos , sync picasa web albums tap sync now at the bottom tap back arrow twice to return to main settings screen open application manager tap all scroll down and tap gallery tap clear data return to home screen by pressing middle button open gallery app , you should now find that the picasa albums are gone !
what i normally do with my test devices is have rom manager installed , which comes with an option to check and upgrade your custom firmware . just go in there and select " check for rom updates " ( you must be using the paid version ) . the beauty about using rom manager is the fact that you can also install other custom roms on your phone straight from it , as it will find the latest versions of various well known roms and offer you to download straight from the device . once it is downloaded the firmware ( be it an update or a different version ) , you can simply chose install from zip , and it will boot up and allow you to install it . quite easy and safe to do , since it does all the work for you , and stops you from messing something up .
if you upgrade your cm10 to a newer build of cm10 you can just flash it right over the existing one , and you are ready . there is no need to backup all of your apps . the newest builds of cyanogenmod have an updating system build-in however so you do not have to do it all by yourself . it is under system settings - about phone . it still downloads the complete zip of the newer build but handles the updating by itself . there is , however , a new method to update your cyanogenmod . cyandelta is an app that calculates the difference between your build and the newest build and will only download and update this difference .
i could not find any details on this xda thread regarding avatar rom for the s3 . however , the sony xperia z thread thread mentions that it has a linux kernel of 3.0 . x . so , i assume it is the same for the s3 . while avatar is based on cm10.1 , it is possible that the developer used a different kernel ( lower than 3.4 ) . so , do not compare it with pure cm roms that are using the 3.4 kernel . i would suggest going through the first link i gave and ask for help there about upgrading your kernel .
yes : there are essentially three possibilities . wired headphones often have extra controls inline ( on the cable ) . you have to be careful when buying these : the way the controls signal to the phone is not standardized , so which one you need depends on who manufactured your phone . it is really easy to find " iphone-compatible " ones , but you may have to search hard to find one which claims compatibility with your manufacturer . in that respect , things have not improved much since the walkman days . bluetooth headphones can make this much easier . in bluetooth , the media control protocol is standardized , so any bluetooth headphones with volume and track controls will work with any phone that supports that protocol ( the remote control profile ) . pretty much all android phones do , but some of the extremely low-end chinese knock-offs might not . using the same bluetooth profile , you can instead buy a dedicated remote control . this might well clip onto the cable of your wired headphones , or come in a convenient form factor ( like flow 's pebble , which is a lot more general-purpose ) , but it is still one extra thing to carry around . happy shopping !
your app does not do oauth/openid , instead it uses android 's integrated auth model via a special permission : YOUR ACCOUNTS USE THE AUTHENTICATION CREDENTIALS OF AN ACCOUNT Allows the app to request authentication tokens.  colornote , for example , does not need this permission and thus must get an auth token via the browser . it ends up in the list in the link you provided if you authorize it and you can revoke given permission for colornote via your assumed method . that is why you will not find google 's drive , youtube , maps and so on in the list either as they also use android 's integrated auth token permission . pro/cons : integrated : less friction for the user , depends on google apps and a google account openid : no google apps required , works with accounts from any openid provider ( see this site 's login support for any provider )
the only way to disable the pulldown is to not use the default swipe unlock . switching to a pin , pattern , password , or face unlock will get rid of that .
you can not boot a boot disk for a pc on on android device ( which is not a pc ) . if you want to install ubuntu , ubuntu needs to support your device , and if it does , you can find instructions and all the files you need to download on the ubuntu website . obviously as this is an android site and not an ubuntu site , we can not help you with ubuntu installation , nor if your device is not supported . there is also an app " ubuntu on android " which gives you an ubuntu userspace , but running as an app on top of android . again , we can not help you with that on this site .
there is no situation in which viber messages spontaneously delete themselves . viber does not update without your permission - and updating does not delete messages . if this occurred on viber for desktop , please ensure that the computer that you use is a private computer and no one but you can access it . additionally , you might consider placing a screen lock on your phone so that your applications are better protected .
try uninstalling and then re-installing said app - be forewarned though that most ram boosters / memory cleaners are absolutely redundant in android . due to the nature of pre-loading your most used apps in order to give them better latency , there is little to no point of running these memory cleaners . in fact , by running them , you lose a bit of your battery as the os has to run the processor to select and pre-load other apps . yes - moving an app to the sd card usually prevents it from starting up at boot - this is also why widgets or apps that have some sort of notification / reminder / push message need to remain in internal memory . you can run a script ( if you are rooted ) or you can use an app like tasker / llama to run an app depending on a particular set of conditions .
for the smtp server details , try entering a server like mail.messagingengine.com and not entering any authentication details . the client will connect but because no auth details are provided , even if you attempt to send emails , the server just will not accept the connection and the emails will remain in the outbox .
this is a bit of a stab in the dark from stuff i have read , but here goes . . . i believe that the uploading is done through the generic android/google/picasa features but htc have their own gallery app that relies on an additional plugin to display picasa web albums . go to the htc hub app , settings -> sync and make sure you have the sync option checked for htc hub . if you do not have the latest version of the picasa plugin then you should get a notification to download it , which might fix your issue . if you do already have the latest plugin then double check under the accounts settings that your google account is set to sync with picasa and that there is not an additional sync option somewhere for the plugin itself .
go online and download the . apk for gallery for 2.1 and install . make sure you have nonmarket apps checked ( under Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Development ) . after install go back and sync all google accounts . you will have two galleries but the new one will be able to sync with picasa . open it and you should see all your picasa stuff . it worked for me with htc wildfire .
i had the same problem after having updated my incredible s to gingerbread . i do not know if it was some kind of luck , but the following fixed the problem : uninstall the picasa plugin ( go to htc hub/plugins ) parameters/applications/manage/gallery -> force the gallery application to stop . go back to htc hub/plugins and install again the picasa plugin . parameters/accounts and sync/ your google account/ enable the picasa update , and update now . wait until the end of the update , then go back to the gallery , the picasa plugin should now have linked your picasa account with your google account ! hope this will work for you too ! flolagale .
ok , not a real final answer , but this is what happened . i had another problem with the gallery , described here : not all images showing up in gallery in following all the advice there i have removed data from " gallery " application in menu-> settings-> applications removed the . thumbnails directory from /dcim removed data from gallery app again . shut down the phone and removed the battery . i do not know if that fixed the showing-up problem , but now all of a sudden i can actually see my picasa folders . .
the htc hub suggestion put me in the right direction . i enabled the plugin when i was not using picasa web . since google+ i do , but the plugin said my google account was not linked to picasa web . uninstalling and reinstalling did the trick .
yes , it is supported by ics or higher android versions . but , it is not easy to find an otg cable on the market . if you are like me and do not like waiting for ebay to have it shipped to you , here 's a youtube link to make one yourself . requires some experience
usb host mode was introduced with honeycomb ( android 3.1 , see changelog . this clearly explains why it failed on your gingerbread ( 2.3 ) device -- and also should answer your question whether it is supported by ice cream sandwich ( android 4.0 ) and above : yes , it should work . as ov1d1u explained in his answer , it will require a " usb otg cable " ( otg stands for " on-the-go" ) . does fine on my cat stargate 2 btw : )
yes . i have a ( cheap ) tablet with android 4.0.4 and i use a physical usb keyboard with it . i just needed an usb otg cable , a standard usb cable will not work .
this section of the cyanogen instructions seems to cover the developer sapphire handsets
unfortunately cyanogen have not build 2.3-gingerbread yet but you can get gingerbread on the magic through ginger yoshi . details on xda : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=932118
" eng " is short for engineering aka developer build . those builds have various logging facilities enabled which you do not see on regular " production " builds . normally you do not want to flash such builds on to your phone .
to re-s-on an htc desire , you will need the following usb cable fastboot drivers installed , available here . android flasher and appropriate hboot images available here . optionally , an appropriate stock ruu , available here . either select the one for your carrier or use the ruu_bravo_htc_wwe_1.21.405.2_radio_32.36.00.28u_4 . 06.00.02_2_release_126984_signed . exe one . ok , now that you have your tools , now for the actual doing . extract all the files in the revert to stock zip . turn on usb debugging and plug in phone . either use the " click this . bat " file or run fastboot flash hboot engHBOOToverARX.img from a command prompt in the folder where you extracted the the revert to stock files . shutdown phone and power it back up holding the volume down button , then select fastboot . it should show you as s-off and using hboot 6.98.2000 fire up android flasher and select to flash the hboot . img file restart phone again . you should now be s-on . optionally , run the ruu downloaded above . this will put your phone back in completely stock condition , perfect for warranty claims , etc .
as far as i understand your question , you have successfully created an adhoc network on your nexus and your laptop is able to connect . now you want to create an adhoc network on your laptop and you want to connect your nexus to it . after doing some research , i have found out that android does not work ( well ) with adhoc networks . there are some custom roms which have enabled the ad hoc function . from what i have been reading , mako bb-8 and aokp will be able to do ad hocs . i think cyanogenmod has also a modified wpa_supplicant to support ad hoc networks . if you do not want to flash a custom rom , you could try to rip the wpa_supplicant ( from the same android version you are using ) from one of the custom roms mentioned before . you could also try to install wifi ad hoc enabler for android , which might work for you . if that does not work , you could try another method , which is harder . check it out here . i also found this , i do not think it'll work , but worth mentioning : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1591207
i have the same phone ( lg optimus l3 e400 ) , i have the same problem but i have found some sollutions , like the app directory bind which puts yours apps ' data to external sd card and make the phone understand it is still on internal memory ( the phone exess the apps using a new link made by db ) , the other way is to upgrade to android 4.0.3 with a custom rom available and use an app called " root external 2 internal sd " to do exactly what you look for , for flashing a custom rom you have to be rooted and take some risks , dont worry if you make a nandroid backup there wont be any probleme . i actually found another possible way which is modifying the vold . fstab ( must be rooted ) if you try copy the original vold . fstab to the same directory and rename it ( voldfstab . backup ) if there is a problem just delete the modified file and rename back your original file . i am a web developper not an android developper so this is the result of a lot of research and experience . hope i helped you .
system memory , internal memory is a mis-leading thing , its actually referring to storage space which is a very different thing to the meaning ram often referred as memory ! the reference to storage - system as in /system would be more accurate . when you download an app from the play store , it must be installed into the /data . from there you can actually move the app to the sd-card . on stock vanilla android , the option is there ' move to sd card ' . now by the sound of it , its as if it is indeed moving the app to the sdcard , but its not really a sdcard , its how an internal storage space ( think of usb flash drives ) , is treated as an /sdcard but in reality , you have internal and external storage , the latter being the actual micro sd card slotted in place . its a bit confusing how it works , from a developer 's perspective , when a check is carried out for an sd card , android seemingly " tells " the developer that the internal storage is treated as an /sdcard . also , to compound confusion even more , there is also a symbolic link to the real sdcard , /external/sdcard as well - this bit is dependent on what device/manufacturer is in question . yes , this is the expected behaviour , whichever storage ( from a view point of android and the hardware device 's file-system priority , is treated as " sdcard" ) . in short , nothing you can do , apart from using app 2 sd , but then again , that could fall into the same trap as i mentioned previously about the developer 's perspective . edit after the op has edited their question to include the device , after looking at gsmarena MEMORY Card slot microSD, up to 32GB Internal 1 GB storage, 384 MB RAM  yup , it looks definitely like as if the internal storage is treated in this fashion as an " sdcard " . . . the naming is misleading . what is really meant , is : internal ( phone ) storage 157mb , internal sd-card ( emmc ) 1024mb
i am using the same model lg l3 e400 . i have fixed this issue by rooting my phone and installing app2sd and some other apps are their for moving apps from internal memort to sd memory . i am currently using custom rom -- jellybreard 2 which is a stable one . . kudosss try rooting and install custom rom . . . happy rooting . . . : )
i am pretty sure this is called trickle charging . it is basically useless in modern lion battery as the safety mechanism in the battery should have turned off the charging mechanism when the battery is near full capacity to prevent over charging , because over charging a lion battery could cause explosion .
i highly doubt you can tell nor force the system to charge to its maximum as that is the soc that is handling the battery current , in which the kernel is periodically polling to measure the battery charge . ( you could in theory mess with the values of the threshold within the kernel 's specific battery module , but that could have unintended consequences , possibly damage to the battery long term ! ) observing battery state power limit is subjective and debatable as to each and their own , depends on what they are using on their handset - you are not going to get a concrete answer out of that . : )
on the bottom , near the primary mic , is a slot to " pry off " the battery cover . be careful , of course !
you can post photos to twitter ( using a third party service ) and facebook with tweetdeck . tweetdeck is your social browser for twitter , facebook , foursquare and buzz . tweetdeck is your mobile browser for staying in touch with what is happening on twitter , facebook , foursquare and buzz . tweetdeck makes it easy to stay up to date and organized no matter where you are . ( a twitter , facebook , foursquare or buzz account is required )
on june 2 , 2012 , picplz announced that they would be closing permanently as of july 3 , 2012 picplz . not only does it give you a number of effects you can apply to your images ( like hipstamatic ) but also automatically posts to facebook , twitter , flickr , tumblr , posterous , foursquare , and can backup to a dropbox folder .
go to inbox , press MENU button and click on Refresh . now , open the email again . in the gmail app , there is no way to refresh the current email , you can only refresh your inbox . when you refresh inbox , emails are downloaded ( in text format ) to your inbox . images from the email were downloaded on opening the email .
i have found that if i search for an address ( or other location ) , not too long after that i get a card with driving directions to that location . if i tap the card , i am asked if i " care about travel time to this location " . usually i say no , but if i say yes i will have a new card that gives me the travel time to that location , just like for work or home . in case you are wondering , the place to edit your work or home is Settings | My stuff | Places... . only home and work are available for me , but maybe they will add some more custom locations in the future .
in google maps , you can save locations as favorites . they will eventually show up .
after spending the whole week searching for this issue and testing different settings and tricks recommended by users from other forums , i have finally found the culprits . it seems that the least mark of your fingertips on the lens of your phone 's camera will make it less sensitive to qr codes and barcodes in general . that and also not having autofocus on . things i did that helped : clean the camera lens with a soft cloth to remove fingerprints or other marks turn on autofocus on your camera , if it is not on try setting camera action to macro , this seemed to make it recognize codes faster . i hope these tips can help others as it helped me . edit : also check this forum for more tips on this matter .
in general , custom roms are free . to date , i am not aware of any custom rom that is paid ( at least for the custom roms i have used for my samsung galaxy s2 , s4 and nexus 7 ) . however , you can donate to the developers if you wish . rooting and installing the custom rom yourself is free , assuming you accept all the risks , which includes bricking ( or destroying ) your phone . if you are not confident enough to perform the rooting and installation of a custom rom , you can ask an experienced person to do it for you . of course , they may or may not request for payment .
this issue was solved under jelly beans .
i have the same phone . i had to do a hard reset . by doing this its like your phone is brand new straight out of the box . no mobile codes which pretty much leaves your phone open . when you get a new phone , they mess with it first before you get it in your hands . they put in codes for their network so all will work properly . when i did the hard reset i couldnt send mms nor recieve them either , but by downloading go sms , i looked at their settings and was able to get my phone right again . if you can not get into the settings to do the factory reset or anything else , then this is the next best option : to do a hard reset turn your phone off . turn it on again holding the power button and both volume keys at the same time until you see the samsung flashing logo . release all buttons and a little cute 3d android will show up . you then will have the option on what you want to do . remove your sim and sd card , or they will be erased along with your phone . your phone will be brand new again .
f-stop media gallery does exactly that . you can preview photos and it has an on-screen 5 star rating and " favorite " button . unfortunately , the tags do not " stay " with the photo if you upload to google+ or facebook .
google search is the package that contains both google search and google now . i think you can disable google now while keeping the search part by going into Now-&gt;Settings-&gt;Switch Google Now (first item) . if it does not solves your problem , then you can disable google search in Settings-&gt;Applications-&gt;Google Search-&gt;Disable .
the new version replaces the old version , just like upgrading to a new windows version or a new version of ubuntu on your pc . also , it is not the case that the kernel is the same for ics and jb . ics uses a linux kernel based on the 3.0.1 release , whereas jb 's kernel is based on 3.0.31 . android-specific patches to the kernel were also added between the two versions , to support new driver features . but you can downgrade a device to an older version if you have a rom image to downgrade to , whatever kernel versions they use . the only difference the kernel version makes is that if a device was not designed to support a particular kernel version , the manufacturer would have to supply device drivers for the target kernel in order to make a suitable rom .
unless the firmware vendor has modified the function which checks the proxy bypass list , specifying ip address ranges in the list is not possible all entries are compared like domain names . also the * wildcard is not supported , but is implied at the start of the domain name , as answered here ( still valid even for jb ) . so , if you want to use the builtin proxy support , you either need to list all required ip addresses explicitly , or , if your lan has a dns server , and all local servers are under some domain ( server.lan.example.com or server.local ) , add that domain ( lan.example.com or local for my examples ) into the proxy bypass list , then access local servers using dns names instead of raw ip addresses . alternatively , if you have a rooted phone , you can install a third-party proxy app such as proxydroid or autoproxy ; they should be more configurable than the builtin proxy support code .
i do not think it understands ranges in that notation , have you tried 10.* or 10.*.*.* ?
in cm they have a hack ( or implementation ) so that you can change the volume over the lockscreen by pressing the volume up/down key . also pressing it multiple times will seek/change the track . now i had two cellphones optimus one from lg ( gb ) and another mobistel clone ( running ics ) and the cm rom worked for both of them . firstly requesting , include the model of your phone here and if possible check for some gb/ics rom to have this feature by default . edit : is this device the same you have ? http://get.cm/?device=solana in case you are - cheers ! you are going to be a cyanogener shortly : ) try for a nightly build . i must not say they are super stable but you can get a feel of it , assuming you are running a root device .
vlc supports such a feature . it is the official android version of the world-famous vlc media player . you can change the volume of what you are listening with it while your phone screen is locked . it is available for free on the google play store . vlc is still in beta status however it is quite stable and it works well . it should be noted that vlc is only available for devices with a armv7 hardware architecture . and it is the case of the motorola razr d3 . ; - )
if you are wearing a headset when listening to your podcasts ( which i assume ) , and those are wired and provide a physical button for play/pause , there might be an additional option using physical controls : the playstore offers a bunch of headset control apps -- some of them manufacturer specific , others explicitly manufacturer independent ( in praxis , both mostly work manufacturer independently -- it just might take you a while to find the one working best with your headset ) . those utilize the single button most headsets offer to perform different tasks . for volume control , with most of them long-pressing the button increases volume , while a short press followed by a long one decreases volume ( in both cases , until either you let go of the button or the volume reaches the end of its scale , whatever happens first ) . i personally tried two of them : first i used jays headset control , which worked fine for increasing , but failed in 90% for decreasing volume -- which i address to the fact that i do not have a jays headset . so having a philips headset , i tried philips headset next , and as expected it worked perfectly . jays headset control , the rather device independent headsetbutton controler , and philips headset ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants ) as you can see by these example screenshots , " command sequences " seem to be almost standardized ( for combinations up to 3 presses , that is -- the " quadruple click " seems to be an added speciality of headsetbutton controller ) . so if you want/have to switch at a later time , you do not even have to change your customs regarding this : )
that most likely depends on what phone and interface you have . on , say , a galaxy s3 with the stock touchwiz ui , when music is playing in the samsung player or in google play music , the volume control is enabled at the lock screen . on some other devices , it may not be possible . may i suggest editing your post to include which phone model you have ?
dhcpnak is a server message , it is invalid for clients to send it . sorry i can not be more helpful , not familiar with that particular router . i would recommend turning off encryption ( briefly ! ) and sniffing the dhcp handshake with e.g. wireshark and look at what is really going on . as an aside , dhcpnak generally gets sent ( by the server ) when the client requests renewal of an invalid ip , to trigger the client requesting a new address . check that you have a dhcp pool configured and that it has not been exceeded . still should not kick out that error , but something to check none the less .
go to the tablet 's system settings/account . set automatic sync . go to google account . check sync people details . check sync app details . check sync calendar .
try these things : go to the tablet 's system settings/account ( google ) , tap your account name , make sure calendar is checked for sync . go to the calendar app 's settings , tap your account name , and make sure the calendars that you want synced are checked . or settings--> apps--> click on the all tab--> calendar . then clear data . then go back to settings--> accounts--> google--> tap on calender for sync . short cut name will change according to which android version you are using .
general information you might want to take a look at what do the permissions that applications require mean ? -- our " community wiki " which hopefully becomes such a ressource one day . next to that , you might want to take a look at app permissions explained  what do they really mean ? , a blog article at androidpit giving at least some short explanations . techpp 's article use permissions to secure your private data from android apps goes a little deeper into details ( recommended reading ! ) . another nice overview is provided by binarydroids . edit : i have tried to sum up information from all kind of sources i could find , so the probably most comprehensive collection can be found at android . izzysoft . de : permissions . do not be afraid of the " . de": it serves its content in english as well . ( disclosure : i am the owner , creator , and maintainer of that site . ) a last direct recommendation is how app permissions work and why you should care -- and for more , please visit our good old aunt google : ) edit : i could not resist to add more valuable hints , as this is a very sensitive topic . so i will continue updating my answer : android permissions explained , security tips , and avoiding malware , a very thorough article on more than just permissions ( seemingly similar article here ) what can a zero-permissions android app do ? android os : malicious apps can steal permissions ( including a chapter on how permissions work ) the ins and outs of scary android app permissions ( a general introduction into permissions and the " abouts" ) not directly an answer , but an interesting ressource on our sister-site : studies on android users ' attitude to security . names a lot of further sources , studies , etc . , including " permissions " how to find those permission-grabbing add-ons in android reveals another interesting fact i was not aware of , as obvious as it might look once you know it : advertising networks get the same android-permissions as the installed app theyre associated with . ouch ! a paradise for profilers . . . and , there are more permission-grabbing add-ons . . . smartphone apps : is your privacy protected ? use permissions to secure your private data from android apps ( while already from 7/2010 , it still has good explanations on permissions existing back then -- and still there today ) advertizement inside apps also keep in mind that many permissions some app requests might not be required by the app itself -- but rather by some ad module that app uses . so according to techrepublic 14 , mobfox and admob , two of the biggest ad networks , require the following permissions : INTERNET , ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE , ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION , and READ_PHONE_STATE ( so they can know who you are [ READ_PHONE_STATE: phone number , imei/imsi ] , where about you are [ ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION ] , what networks you are connected to [ ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE ] , and whom you are communicating with [ again READ_PHONE_STATE , while in call , for the " remote number" ] ) . does this look a bit too paranoid ? that does not mean nobody 's after you , see deep dive into ad network behavior on android . which means : if you do not feel well with some combinations , you might simply check if the app on your wishlist also has a paid version -- which might do without those permissions , as it does not carry the " ad module " . speaking of this : addons detector will help you figure out which of your apps carry such a module piggyback . in this context , also consider : as trustworthy as the app developer might be , ( s ) he might not be aware of and has no influence on what those " ad modules " do with your data . remember : advertising networks get the same android-permissions as the installed app theyre associated with . 13 on this topic , also read : android apps and advertising : a bit too cozy android ad networks found accessing users private data free android apps often secretly make calls , use the camera how to curb aggressive mobile ad networks ( interesting to read for users , recommended reading for developers ! ) android adware abusing permissions , collecting more than they need reports show aggressive mobile apps want many permissions they do not need mobile ad networks accused of invasive apps ( with a " real life example " -- or rather " live example " ? ) top mobile ad networks : check out the networks on what permissions they want , how developers rate them , and more was this shocking news for you ? did i infect you with some " paranoia " -- and now you fell " left alone " with your bad feelings ? i will not leave you without some recommendations . first , you might want to know which potential " data thieves " you already invited to your device , unaware of those risks . it is usually no bad intention of the developer ( you know : " no money , no honey " -- the devs have to make a living as well ) . so having identified some " bad guys " , you might want to confront the dev and give him the option to switch to a different , less " dangerous " ad provider ( after all , the dev might have been unaware of the risks involved as well ) . if he is unwilling , you can still decide whether to kick the offender from your device . or to " go pro " , if there is a pay version available which comes without an ad module inside -- and honor the dev 's work while safe-guarding your data , which i would say is a typical win-win situation . so : what options do you have ? i will give a few examples below . addons detector knows a lot of those modules . high rated ( 4.7 stars at more than 3,000 ratings ) , it not only detects ad modules , but also analytics , development , and licensing modules lookout ad network detector -- nomen est omen -- concentrates on the ad modules . its additional value is the ability to tell you exactly what data is being collected , and by whom . comparable rating ( 4.4 at > 3,000 ratings ) trustgo ad detector offers comparable features , and also gives you details on the ad networks ' behaviour and backgrounds . currently 4.5 at ~ 2,000 ratings . " root users " might also have heard of several ad-blocking apps ( e . g . adaway , adblock plus -- the latter not even requiring root ) , some of them able to not only " block by host/ip " , but directly de-activating the ad modules . well , those are no longer available on the playstore , as google has banned them . but you certainly will find them in other places on the web . make sure to select a trustworthy source , if you plan to make use of those . i recommend f-droid , which has its own " market app " with the same name , so you get updates as well . all apps there are open source and thus free of charge . and no , obviously no " hacked pro versions for free " , all fully legal and lawful : )
i try my best to explain . . you was install the other program that need to synchronize the function . . for example is your phone book . . it need to get information automatic from your phone book . . the number phone and name you was put on contact . . hope u will understand the 1st explanation . . for system tool the application is need the line internet . . example is the facebook . . when the phone into the sleep mode . . it will cut off the internet line for save the batery power state . . you will not being disturb when phone in the sleep mode when u was on sleeping . . the easy word is the phone will function only with the original setting . . u can receive the normal sms and phone call using provider line . . but not the internet line . . i hope you can get the information more by google . . i try to get easy n simple word here . . thx .
please note , this solution will work on some android phones , but not all of them . as of right now your best bet is to make a group . go to contacts or people ( depends on phone ) , view your groups , and then create a new one ( usually done by selecting menu and then add group . then add the contacts you want to that group ( it might be easiest to go online from a computer and do this . then go into the settings of your groups or from the main contact screen and see if you can only show that group as visible . on my phone i cannot select individual groups to show and not show . but i think other android phones can do this . look for a " view " option .
as a workaround , and taking inspiration from @webs answer - why not create an additional google account , enter your bluetooth contacts in that account ( by importing/exporting via the web interface ) and sync that to your phone .
have there been any progress on this ? i did find a program , " bluetooth file transfer " from medieval software , but have not been able to try it yet . http://www.medieval.it ) ok , i tried it , but was unsuccessful
no , the stock android browser ( chrome ) does not have support for websocket . but other browsers e.g. opera has support for it in the latest release , but it is disabled . see compatibility tables for support of html5
the browser in honeycomb 3.2 does support websockets .
neither gingerbread nor honeycomb browsers support web sockets . however , firefox beta v . 7 and firefox aurora ( which is a nightly of v . 8 ) both support the current spec of web sockets off the box .
just did a little investigation . . . my xoom ( currently up to date ) , does not support the following : websockets , sse ( server sent events ) , webworkers , getusermedia ( ) ; : ( x4
the overflow menu for google now ( on all form factors , i believe ) is in the bottom right corner of the app instead of the top right , where most other applications put it . you need to make sure you have scrolled all the way to the bottom of your cards , though , because it shares the bar with the " show more cards . . . " button , which is hidden if your screen is full .
the hdr function in the nexus 5/kitkat camera app is an optional function that is switched off by default . from some informal testing with my new nexus 5 , how fast the hdr function is at taking photos seems to depend on what is in the photo . taking a close up picture of the well lit surface of my desk seems to be pretty fast ( feels like under 2 seconds ) , taking a picture down the length of my open plan office towards the window seems to take a few seconds longer . it seems to depend on the variation in the lighting ( and possibly the depth ) in the photo , which would make sense as hdr works by taking photos for different light levels and combining them . taking a photo with hdr off seems to consistently take a photo pretty nearly instantly . for me the camera app launches in about 2 seconds from the lock screen ( swiping the lock screen left without unlocking ) and in under a second from an unlocked home screen . the above was written using a nexus 5 running 4.4 . in addition the 4.4.1 update promises further camera speed enhancements , the speed-ups should apparently be particularly noticeable in low light . more : androidpolice : android 4.4.1 will improve the nexus 5 's camera , update expected to roll out over the next couple of days
pattern , pin or password screen lock is required , because there were still user certificates stored in the device . go to settings -> security and pick clear credentials .
edge and wifi use cell phone tower triangulation and these have a low accuracy level while using gps , your each device is sending the message to satellite so accuracy is high in simple terms for gps consider you device is sending the signal so accuracy is high but for wifi and edge is based on an average that is calculated from the towers around you so its less accurate
google has a big database of ( hashes of ) wi-fi network ssids . when wi-fi is enabled on your phone , it scans for wi-fi networks , and sends the list to google ( in a hashed form ) . in cities , networks are plentiful , and wi-fi networks are short-range , so the combination of networks it can ' see ' gives a very accurate idea of where you are . a similar thing happens with cellular network cell ids , but these are spaced more widely apart . the phone itself can not perform triangulation , because it only has the received signal strength for each cell it can ' see': it does not know the signal 's angle of arrival , the transmit strength of the cell , or what might be occluding the signal . however , it can still use the combination of which cells it can ' see ' to estimate position , a little more accurately than the distance between cells . even if you are connected to an edge network , if wi-fi is enabled then the wi-fi scanning technique will still be used , so the location estimate will be more accurate . both these techniques are far less accurate than gps , which computes a position based on time differences between signals coming from different satellites . when your device can ' see ' enough satellites , the precision is limited mostly by deliberate interference added by the us government ( which operates the system ) to make it less useful to non-us armed forces .
it is not an absolute answer , but if you go into settings , applications , manage applications . then press menu , select filter , and make sure that third-party is selected . anything in that list did not get onto your phone as part of the standard android install . they have either been added by your phone manufacturer , your phone network , or yourself . unfortunately some standard android apps show up in that list , if you have updated them from the market ( like google maps ) and a lot of manufacturer added apps do not show up . i have got a galaxy s too , but had a htc magic running stock android before . apps that i have spotted as obviously being modified/added by samsung are the music player app , camera app , contacts app , clock app , daily briefing , fm radio , video playermemo , mini diary , my files , samsung apps ( and everything listed in there ) , social hub , voice recorder , task manager . also a lot of the " look and feel " of the phone , including the way the 7 home screens , and the applications screens work has been added as part of samsung 's touch wiz interface . tl ; dr galaxy s has a lot of custom apps , easiest way to compare is probably actually to find someone with a stock phone ( like a nexus one ) and directly compare .
i would recommend , rather , using thunderbird as an imap client with the google contacts and lightning add-ons ( http://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/thunderbird/addon/7307 and http://mozilla.org/projects/calendar ) . you should be able to manage your contacts and calendar in thunderbird and sync with google . so then your thunderbird and phone will each synchronize to and from google .
just go to sd card and find the file android and keywords that you have in your app then connect your android device to your system and back up that file thats all [ note : some deivces does support this function . ]
android can not/does not keep track of arbitrary data created on the sd card . if you are looking for regular app data such as settings , it is located at /data/data/qualified-app-name where the name is something like com.rovio.angrybirds for angry birds , for example . as eldarerathis notes you will need to be root to view the data partition ; it is protected to prevent malicious apps from stealing your data ( etc . ) .
i have the same phone and having the same difficulty on finding any info , so far i have been able to : connect to pc using pdanet auto drivers root using graphical easy root tool install clockworkmod recovery rua1 autocwm v5.5.0.4 hope this helps .
tools like fsck would only check the file system . however , internal memory uses nand-flash , which should handle bad blocks itself with internal " bad block tables " . for file system checks , you would find a corresponding article on xda : how to fsck /data or /system ? . fortunately , there is also an article on the nand-flash level : is there a tool for checking the nand memory for bad blocks ? . as this is a very special thing ( and most likely not interesting for too many of our readers ) , i permit myself to not elaborating the details , and just linking the relevant sources ; )
in this thread on the t-mobile forums there are a few people talking about water damage indicators . the op mentions this : when i remove the back of the phone and the screen is face-down on a table , the triangle is just above the left side of the micro sd card door . it is visible even with the battery left in place . . . . which another person confirms is a water damage indicator . if you do not see any pink triangles i think you are in good shape . edit : does your phone look like this with the battery out ? because it looks to me like that white circle near the bottom right is the only water sensor on the body of the phone itself .
see the white circle right above the battery contacts ? it is in the picture . that is the phone 's water damage indicator . how do i know ? because mine is bright red . trust me , there would be no doubt . . .
usually , read-only memory is called internal storage , and the image of the phone 's firmware and os is the rom . ( that is how we do it on this site , anyways ) . so your internal storage is 2 gb , and your phone 's firmware and os is installed on that storage space . you can flash new kernels or entire roms ( kernel + other firmware + os ) as long as they fit on the internal storage . generally , this is not a problem ; you will not find a rom image for your phone that does not actually fit on your phone .
flashing a supersu update zip via recovery will override android 4.3 's built-in superuser . from then on , you can use supersu , but you will need to keep superuser enabled in settings .
if the kernel was not compiled with /proc/config . gz support turned on , then the only sure way is to look at the source tree that was used to compile the kernel you are running . copy the config . h file into your own source tree ( or just use the original source tree ) and run make menuconfig to set any new options you want .
download the firmware from : http://hotfile.com/dl/146491093/3b7d6c9/p1000lvijr2_p1000lzvvjr3_zvv.zip.html or www.sammobile.com after that follow this " how to " to install the new firmware : http://androidromupdate.com/2012/02/26/how-to-install-p1000xwjq8-android-2-3-6-firmware-update-on-galaxy-tab-gt-p1000/ make preparation before flashing : - back-up all important data stored in your device ( this is important to keep all your data in safe , if something went wrong ) - ensure that the battery is fully charge ( power lose may interupt the process and might brick the device in no time ) - galaxy tab usb cable wire  a good conditioned usb wire . - a pc/laptop with working usb port that runs in windows os , this will not work on mac users ) - install kies on your pc just to get the driver of the tab , or grab the driver . - disable any antivirus program , and also kies if you have it installed . download tools and stock rom : odin downloader with pit and driver for galaxy tab stock roms : choose the right p1000xwjq8 stock firmware according to your country or carrier providers . the build number is the same on each packages but varies with different csc file on each specific countries , so you should choose the right firmware for your device to avoid any functionality issues . these stock roms can be found in at sammobile . odin flashing procedure 1 ) once you downloaded the right stock firmware for you device , extract it using winrar , 7zip or any other program to have the single . tar . md5 file . 2 ) run odin on your desktop . 3 ) check the pda checkbox and tick the pda button and then load the extracted p1000xwjq8_p1000xxjpz_p1000dbtjq1_home . tar . md5 . ( no pit repartition necessary if you have your device runs in original firmware ) ( pit file is only needed for advacne users who installed their device with any custom roms and getting an error flashing official firmware . grab the pit file here , if you needed it ) 4 ) ensure that the repartion checkbox mark empty , just only the auto reboot and f . reset time remains to be checked . 5 ) set the galaxy tab into download mode  turn it off first then gently press and hold the volume down and power button together at the same time . 6 ) once the tab displays in download mode screen , connect the usb cable . check odin if the id:com turns in yellow color and message say added !  ( it means that the device is properly connected and already recognized with odin ) 7 ) hit the start button to begin flashing or installing the firmware . do not touch the phone while in flashing process , just wait until it completely finishes . 8 . ) a word pass on odin window will then appear as if the flashing succefully done . wait until the tablet completly reboots . , before removing the usb cable . do a factory reset , *2767*3855# to regain a full fresh firmware installed . then confirm the newly installed firmware *#1234# . thats it . .
yes , android has a command-line interface just like a desktop gnu/linux system . but because it is an embedded system without storage space to throw away on features most users do not want , there are not a lot of commands installed by default : just some specific ones used to interact with android services ( such as am and pm ) . because the manufacturer can customize the system image , there is no definitive list of what commands are available : it varies from device to device . to add more commands , you can install busybox , which is a single package containing a set of the most-used unix command-line utilities . there are several " busybox installer " apps on google play , but as it is open-source , you can also install it from f-droid or build it yourself from source . as you have already seen , there is a wide variety of terminal emulator apps . these run on your android phone and provide a window into which you can type commands and see the results . often they come with ssh clients and the like built-in , because the most common use for a terminal emulator on an android phone is to ssh into a bigger computer . in addition , running adb shell from a desktop computer that is connected to the phone via adb gives you a shell on the phone . you can instead run <code> adb shell command </code> to run <code> command </code> in a shell on the phone . neither of the above methods of starting a shell make you root by default , but if your phone is rooted , you can use the su command in the usual way to become root . whichever root manager you have on your phone ( superuser , supersu , etc . ) will probably pop up on the screen for you to confirm the root access . shell scripts run on android in the usual way , but as i have already mentioned , you do not get a lot of commands to play with by default , so many scripts written for desktop simply will not work .
try going to settings-> language and input figure out which keyboard is active and look for the settings page for that keyboard . look for settings like : " predictive text " , " auto punctuation " , and " auto capatilize " if you have any of those settings ensure that they are turned off . once you have done that test again . if you wish to use some of these features it may be worth it to try flipping them on one by one and figuring out which is the actual culprit that is breaking your links .
i would recommend doing it via bluetooth . in first place the pc-companion for c702 is not the same version as for the xperia , so you will have two installations . and when i have tried syncing through the sonyerricson online sync service ( synml ) i have faced the problem that some number types ( "mobile ( privat ) " and " mobile ( work ) " ) could be exported to the online service , but not imported back to the xperia . they were missing on my xperia . so make sure if " mobile ( privat ) " and " mobile ( work ) " numbers of your c702 are missing on your xperia . seems that number types " mobile ( privat ) " and " mobile ( work ) " have problems being accepted on other phones . but when i did it via bluetooth , android switched the number types correctly on the fly .
you can use powerful and free software myphoneexplorer ( from www.fjsoft.at ) . it works with all sonyericsson old phones and most android phones ( including x10 ) . you can easily backup contacts from c702 to your pc and then import the contacts to your x10 .
the x10 phone book application can import vcard-files . i imported my palm centro contact list successfully using 1.6 , but it failed in 2.1 . i think the import facility in 2.1 is a lot pickier . i am sure it'll import fine if i clean up the vcard file a bit . i have written to sony ericsson and complained as well .
as a last resort you can use bluetooth to send the contacts to the new phone . just select all contacts and send them to the x10 ( pair first ) and then set the x10 to accept all incoming files from the c702 . after all contacts have been sent ( they are separate vcard files ) go to the phone book and press Menu -&gt; More -&gt; Import contacts -&gt; Memory card and select the contacts from your bluetooth folder . have not tested with se phones but worked with nokia-> samsung and samsung-> samsung .
i just succeeded in transferring all my c702 contacts to gmail via the sony ericsson c702 pc suite . my new samsung galaxy s2 was updated with my contacts within a few minutes with no further measures , though i had logged into my gmail account via the samsung phone earlier . i tried bluetooth transfer from the c702 which did not work , although i did not try the x10 transfer route .
i have no prior experience with sony erricsson software , but i think their pc suite solution ( found here ) deals with the syncing of contacts etc .
i believe this is impossible . the headset requires power from the device . android versions before 3.1 state that they can not support powering the usb bus . from the developer guide : when the android-powered device is in host mode , it acts as the usb host and powers the bus . when the android-powered device is in usb accessory mode , the connected usb hardware ( an android usb accessory in this case ) acts as the host and powers the bus . usb accessory and host modes are directly supported in android 3.1 ( api level 12 ) or newer platforms . usb accessory mode is also backported to android 2.3.4 ( api level 10 ) as an add-on library to support a broader range of devices . device manufacturers can choose whether or not to include the add-on library on the device 's system image . unless there is a custom android os that supports usb host mode , i believe what i am trying to achieve is impossible
note : answering my own question as nobody knew . i did a packet capture after selecting menu -> accounts and sync -> auto-sync ( also accessible via the " power control " widget ) . what did i discover ? to my horror ( http requests from phone displayed below ) : and my contacts and calendar are being transmitted unencrypted ! i do not currently synchronize gmail so i could not say if that is unencrypted either . also the stock market application ( which must be a service because i do not have the widget displayed or the application active ) : completely unencrypted request for stock quotes : just think , you could sit in starbucks in the financial centre of your city and packet-sniff what quotes were important to all the smart phone users around you . . other items that were not encrypted : http request to htc.accuweather.com time request to time-nw.nist.gov:13 ( does not even use ntp ) about the only data that is encrypted on my phone are the mail accounts i set up with the k-9 application ( because all my mail accounts use ssl - and fortunately gmail accounts are , by default , ssl ; and yahoo ! mail supports imap using ssl too ) . but it seems none of the auto-sync'd data from the out-of-box phone is encrypted . this is on a htc desire z with froyo 2.2 installed . lesson : do not use phone on open wireless network without vpn encrypted tunnelling ! ! ! note , packet capture taken by using tshark on ppp0 interface on virtual node running debian connected to android phone via openswan ( ipsec ) xl2tpd ( l2tp ) .
results captured on an lg optimus v ( vm670 ) , android 2.2.1 , stock , rooted , purchased in march 2011 . as of today , the only unencrypted requests i could find in a pcap taken during a complete resync were : picasa web albums that is it . picasa was the only service i could find being synced unencrypted . facebook requested a couple profile images ( but did not pass any account info ) ; skype requested ads ; and tooyoou grabbed a new banner image . none of those relate to sync , really . so it looks like google 's syncing security has been tightened quite a bit . turn off syncing picasa web albums and all of your google data should be synced in encrypted form . market this bothered me a little : the return of this is a 302 moved temporarily that points to a highly complex download url : android 's download manager turns right around and requests that download location , passing the MarketDA cookie again . i do not know if there is any security danger from how market downloads apks . the worst i can imagine is that unencrypted apk downloads open up the possibility of interception and replacement with a malicious package , but i am sure android has signature checks to prevent that .
hmm , difficult problem your only bet is rooting ; and app like droidwall which is front end for iptables . and then you would have to add rule that states block any app that is running in background . that i am not sure how to achieve .
so today it worked for me all of a sudden . i think it was because i was no longer on my home wi-fi . i was on 3g data connection . i went through all the same steps and this time when i touched the tick mark , it installed and rebooted . for anyone else suffering from this , try taking your phone off wi-fi , waiting a few minutes to make sure it is fully connected to 3g and then try again .
i had the exact same problem . this is how i solved it : hold the button on the right hand side of the watch down until the screen goes off ( about 10 seconds ) . release the button . the watch " rebooted " and came up with system update message that said swipe left to install follow instructions on screen
that happened to me because the network was handling b g and n bands , if you set only n in the router , the problem is solve .
i would start at the router and look there first . do a reboot of the router and see if it still happens . if it does , there should be logging in the admin of the router that you can turn on ( if its not already ) and maybe you can see something causing the drop . try getting wifi analyzer from the android market ( free ) to check if your router is on the same channel as other networks around you . try to put your router on the " clearest " channel .
is it dropping while you are actively using it ? then is probably a router problem , or possibly a defective phone . try on another network . otherwise , try using ryanza 's one click lag fix . you do not need to actually use the lagfix , just open the app and change the wifi timeout value to something higher .
go to settings -> wireless and network -> wi-fi settings , then press the " menu " key at the bottom of your phone . click on " advanced " , then on " wi-fi sleep policy " , it should have the option of " when screen turns off " but change it to " never " if you do not want it to drop your wi-fi and use your phone service provider 's data network when your screen turns off .
if you have jpy firmware then it might be causing problems . try jpu/jpx and try also other modem . hopefully it will help !
as you have suggested , this is a samsung-only widget . you can easily find equivalents on google play if you want one ; perhaps you will even find something you like better than your old samsung widget .
that is a samsung-specific widget . i would suggest you to install other apps from play store with same functionality . you can give timely alarm clock a try .
ok , i finally found it . i need to click on " edit/modify " close to the e-mail addresses in the google account setting https://www.google.com/settings/ then the hidden nickname option appears . thank you for your suggestions .
change your nickname in your google account settings .
this is what i ended up doing , just in case this might help someone else : i tried flashing cwm 5 for rfs file systems via odin . it is actually straightforward , and then the phone reboots normally . however , trying to get to the recovery mode fails . ( i am not sure how exactly , but it would not work for me , i think it hanged at the recovery screen with android written on it ) . ( i freaked out ) then i downloaded a stock rom ( indian , based on 2.3.6 ) from samfirmware . flashed it through odin again . the device reboots ( and takes some time ) and you are on 2.3.6 ! then i flashed cwm 5 for galaxy fit ( also from odin ) from the forums . it went smoothly . it will also boot into the stock rom , and into the recovery . from there , i did not really try to do a nandroid backup . ( i supposed it would fail ) . then i formatted /data , /cache , . . . then moved the update zip file ( the rom ) onto the sd card . and from recovery , installed it . it is really not a big deal , if you are worried as i was . a simple backup of all your user data and apps via titaniumbackup or similar , and your contacts synced to google or exported to the sd in csv format , and you will not even feel the transition .
if you have noticed , it is not possible in most android phones to receive and transmit wifi signal at the same time . the wifi feature shuts down when you switch on access point , which is reasonable because why would you use an ap if you already have wifi at hand in the first place ? on the other hand , it might be a hardware limitation if the same wifi antenna and driver are used to convert the device into an ap . either way , you need to specify more information in the question , such as phone brand and model so we can see if that is the case .
further to answer from @pratappatil who has given the android details . this is a convention in programming , specifically here java . the java tutorials package details give details and examples . with programmers worldwide writing classes and interfaces using the java programming language , it is likely that many programmers will use the same name for different types . in fact , the previous example does just that : it defines a rectangle class when there is already a rectangle class in the java . awt package . still , the compiler allows both classes to have the same name if they are in different packages . the fully qualified name of each rectangle class includes the package name . that is , the fully qualified name of the rectangle class in the graphics package is graphics . rectangle , and the fully qualified name of the rectangle class in the java . awt package is java . awt . rectangle . this works well unless two independent programmers use the same name for their packages . what prevents this problem ? convention . naming conventions package names are written in all lower case to avoid conflict with the names of classes or interfaces . companies use their reversed internet domain name to begin their package namesfor example , com . example . mypackage for a package named mypackage created by a programmer at example.com. name collisions that occur within a single company need to be handled by convention within that company , perhaps by including the region or the project name after the company name ( for example , com . example . region . mypackage ) . for an alterative angle on this the stackoverflow quesion is around naming a hobby project . the nameing could be something like rossc.android.exampleproject since i do not have a domain of my own .
every android app has access to a file space in the /data partition that is private to the app . this is where the sqlite databases and user settings ( shared preferences ) reside . developer of the app does not have to worry about the naming convention or the location of the files they want to store as far as this private space is concerned . however , when it comes to storing data in sd card ( public space ) by an app the app needs to make sure that the folder created by the app is unique and not used by any other app or by the device user . android os ( androidmanifest ) identifies an app uniquely by their package name . which you can even find the playstore urls . example : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.dropbox.android therefore , developers choose to use these package names to create folders to avoid conflict with other apps . this way does not guarantee that there will be no conflict but it prevent it to a large extent . another reason is this : when user moves the the application data to sd card the data from the application 's private space is moved to the public space ( sd card ) . this private space is named in the following way:- example : /data/data/com . dropbox . android . so this is moved to /sdcard/something/com . dropbox . android
i believe that matthew read is correct about there being no native way to sync this , and about locale 's ability to work around this , but i am going to suggest some cheaper and simpler alternatives to the $10 locale app : tasker ( $6.50 ) : basically the same as locale but cheaper . with this ( and probably locale ) you could set a profile that turns on autosync for only 5 minutes and repeats this every hour ( or whatever timeframe you want ) . also , tasker can use locale plugins . juicedefender ( free ) : i have used it before ( although never tried what you are trying to do ) and it is super easy to setup and use . it allows you to control total connectivity and app by app connectivity control . it also claims to allow you to schedule " synchronization events " , which i have never tried by sounds like it would control general and app specific syncing . sync schedule ( free ) : i do not think this will be as useful as the name suggests but if all else fails it is worth a shot . it allows you to set times for the autosync to turn off and on but i am not sure if it lets you set multiple time windows per day so this may be of limited use . also regarding your " is there any way to make it pause when i actually want to use the phone ? " question , the native android power control widget has an autosync as one of the options allowing you to toggle it on/off at will .
i do not know of any way to set the sync frequency or to make syncing low-priority , unfortunately . you could use locale to turn off/on auto-sync based on profiles you set up , however . there is a locale plugin that might do most of the work for you : https://market.android.com/details?id=net.andvari.android.syncsetting
it is the same . at least in my setup ( htc desire s ) . the image i favorite end up in a gallery folder with the same name as the dropbox folder they are in . edit : the gallery app might play a big role in this . on some systems they are known to take quite a while to update etc .
knox warranty void : 0x1 you are not able to flash a knox enabled firmware anymore but you can flash other firmware . go to sammobile search your firmware and flash it with odin . you can also find the flashing tutorial form sammobile itself . remember : do not downgrade this will damage you efs folder
get the stock rom which works with root from sammobile.com. make sure that kies is not running . then , flash the rom with odin . or option 2 . unroot using the custom recovery by downloading a completely stock normal rom from sammobile which should get rid of root .
go to download mode . open odin . under the pda , this file . you might have to download philz_touch_6.15.6jflte . tar . md5 . wait until odin recognizes it , and then press start . you will be currently working with a slim kat version of samsung s4 . hope it helped .
have you got the file command available ? this question on superuser says that is the way to go .
i also recommend a third party app , but i would recommend hello bc in addition to sending photos , it handles group text messages the best , another big issue with android text messaging in my opinion .
for some reason net10 is famous for this issue - happened to me too . i ended up using a free third party messaging app ( handcent works for me ) and i can send and receive picture messages now with no problems . download one of these messaging apps , and you will not really tell that it is not the messaging app that came with the phone originally ; they work and integrate that well .
here they say , installing samsung kies should solve the problem . i have not tried it yet , but it is available on samsung 's official website for their various phone models .
maybe this post from xda will answer your question . this is not an apn problem , it is a sim problem . your provider has one set of numbers on your card , and another set of numbers that actually identify the network , and they do not match . technically , from the phone 's point of view , you are roaming , even if it is the same provider . from the provider 's point of view , you are not roaming . up until cupcake , we had that same problem here in canada when using the " fido " network ( which is owned and operated by " rogers" ) . the network identified itself as " rogers " , the sim cards identify themselves as " fido " , the phone think 's its roaming . so ; you do not need to worry about roaming charges when you are actually connected to the correct network . but ; you do not have an easy to read display to tell you when you are really roaming , nor can you make configurations that are based on whether you are or are not roaming .
from the code comments : // ... Verify it matches one of the given public // keys.  you can not just use any old signature , that would defeat the purpose . apks , on the other hand , are intended to be created and distributed by anyone and the signature is ostensibly to verify the source rather than limit the source .
any time if you connect your android mobile device to a laptop/desktop , you just switch over to " notifications " and select the option which is for connecting your mobile phone to devices . click on the ' connect to storage ' option .
sum-up from the comments : warranty first , at least as of today and outside the eu , it is not possible to install a custom rom or even only root your phone without voiding your warranty . even if it can be done in a way not increasing a ( possibly existing ) " flash-counter": in case your device " bricks " for some reason , not giving you a chance to restore to " stock " , your custumizations would be found in the service center . existing custom-roms as said , here you might want to take a look into the question where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ? , which lists a lot of ressources where to find different custom roms . a good choice might be cyanogenmod , which is e.g. dealt with in the xda-developers thread about cyanogenmod for ace plus . to find more details , you can simply use this google search .
in most cases your phone will only draw as much power as it needs , and it is ok that the charger can provide more . however , unless you know that your phone will do this and has other power management safety features , i would not use the charger myself . i have never had a phone ruined , but i have had batteries ruined by non-official chargers ( including one charger that claimed to meet the specifications for my phone ) .
as long as your charger device deliveres the right voltage then you should be safe . the maximum current specification is how much ampare it can deliver before the voltage from your charger goes out of usb voltage specs or blows a fuse . i do not know how they have constructed the htc desire battery chargine part , but i would use your charger . they should have some current limiter for the battery in any case , or you could not charge your phone in an ordinary computer usb connection .
your android box running sshdroid , just activate it . your linux box ( gui ) you can run any ssh ftp compliance ( nautilus , filezilla , etc . . . ) for ex . i use filezilla . . . just type on host : sftp://your . android . box . ip-address on user name : root on password : admin on port : 2222 just select " ok " button whatever appears on your screen . note : you must on the same subnet mask and class for it to happen . .
sshdroid does not need root , it is optional . every app can bind a socket on an not privileged port ( > 1024 ) . i am pretty sure that your ssh client parameters are wrong , the port especially . afaik you can not add the port via : to the hostname . try ssh root@ipofandroid -p 2222 instead . if you need more verbose output of the ssh binary , start it with -v , -vv or -vvv . this helps to figure out problems .
i have the droid incredible 2 , and i was running into the same thing , but i figured out a way to get it to work : hold down the volume down button of the headset while inserting into your phone . you should now see the headset recognized as a microphone headset , and so your mic and your clicker should both work .
this ( the mic not working ) is apparently a widely known bug with the thunderbolt . sorry , this is probably not the answer you were looking for , but it appears to be an issue with that particular phone and trrs ( tip ring ring sleeve ) headsets . out of curiosity , do you see a " headset " ( little boom below the ' phones ) icon on the phone when you plug it in , or just the stereo headphones icon ? apple uses the standard pinout in their headset jack , and the button works the normal way ( by crossing ground/common and mic ) . if you have a phone that follows the standard , it should work
i have been neck deep in exactly this for a long time , the problem is apple innovates special stuff that is not compatible with other brands , they have deals with many accessory manufactures to make stuff that has many functions like mic and buttons that do great things like change tracks and skip etc . what i find is android is totally lacking , and it is a gamble when you try it . some things work with either or , some with specific phone models , there is just so many different things all trying to do everything at once . i use skullcandy headphones , which i love , and have a thunderbolt i found out certain types of headphones only work with apple , the label says it , some with both apple and android , to an extent . apple has the button actions that android does not , the mic os hit or miss . i found there is the buttons on the wire that have a rocker with center , they seem to only work with apple , mic too , but the smaller single button works with the mic . i can turn my mp3 player with one press and call the the last number connected via voice call with double press . . . but its so complicated and many variables , just do not try to use headphones for both platforms if they specifically say works with iphone , ipad and i-etc . . . what a ramble . . .
an apple accessory only working in apple hardware - sounds about right to me ; - ) . you can get converters take a look here but it is probably cheaper to just get some ' standard ' ones .
yes , you can download an app to change the priorities of the buttons . i just got myself the etymotic mc3 set ( for iphone ) , and use headset button controller . you can make different profiles , and there are many options for the buttons . . . almost too many . imo , it is better having the three-button mic if you also own an ipod touch or iphone . you could also look at klipsch s4a ( android ) , if you can find them .
try downloading btunes for the thunderbolt and then holding down the volume button as you plug the head phones in . i have some bose headphones i bought at the apple store and this seems to do the trick
" i was told my a bestbuy guy , that apple headphones do not work with android devices . " thats not true you can video chat with someone on qik or tango and it works fine plus i have a pair of sony and bose that also dont work with it . and it has three rings at the input part of the headphones . i also have the htc thunderbolt .
they both may have 3.5mm jacks , but if you look at it you can see the the insulating plastic bands around the metal jack . the problem is that apple wire these sections of the jack up to different inputs than other manufacturers , so that different sections of the jack carry different signals than normal . i have heard that as long as you are happy with getting mono rather than stereo sound out of the speakers , then you can get the microphone to work by pulling the jack out of the socket slightly . rim used to do the same thing with their 3.5mm jacks on blackberrys , but i believe they use the same configuration as most manufacturers ( except apple ) now .
the guy at bestbuy has incorrectly informed you , it will work , but it depends on the phone . it works on my droid charge . . with the mic , i had to force the headphone plug to go further into the phone . . . and the mic work . . . the remote however requires a driver . . . that has not been made yet ( to my knowledge ) for the headphones
found a fix after a couple minutes of messing with the headphones ! ! plug your apple headphones with mic in then hold both volume up and down keys on the headphones until you see the symbol on the thunderbolt showing a headphone with a mic !
the configuration for i devices in the case of headphones that also use a mic is different than for other products in general . headphone and mic combos that state " designed specifically for ipod " etc . often will not function with non mac devices . the headphone may function but mic and volume controls etc may not function correctly . if you are lucky they will , if not so lucky . . . .
oh , i forgot about this . my brother came to me and jammed the jack in as far as it could physically go . the problem was fixed . . .
that strongly depends on the app used . unfortunately , since froyo ( android 2.2 ) the options " use location service " and " permit google to collect " are connected and undividable ( before you could chose them separately ) . so if an app uses the google framework 's location service to obtain position data , it will not work without that service enabled . if it accesses gps itself , it would work with or without . only way out of this trouble would be to root the device , and then use a permission protector like e.g. lbe privacy guard or pdroid privacy protection / pdroid manager , which let you decide on a per-app basis which app is permitted to access a service/certain data ( many possibilities here , not only location ) .
long press on that wifi connection , tap on show advanced settings . fill in your details . the google play store , and whatsapp will not work . for that you will have to root your phone , and install proxy droid or some such proxy app .
a keyboard can do this - that is how a keyboard works , after all . not only that , but for some scripts , what you describe is the most common way to enter text . for example , in japanese , one enters  by typing " mu " ( the latin characters representing the same sound ) . you can not do it with a normal app without rooting . anything else would be a big security flaw .
it need not necessarily be tombstones and thumbnails that takes up your phone 's data storage . normal app usage ( mostly browser cache , etc . ) also consumes space over time . have a look at Settings-&gt;App-&gt;All apps  then via menu let them sort by size to see the biggest storage consumers . e.g. my phone 's biggest consumer is chrome ( 123mb data , 280mb cache ) : .
free up space on the internal sd card folder . with jelly bean the formerly separate sdcard data is also stored on /data ( /data/media to be precise ) . free up some space there , it counts to the overall sum on /data . reason : /data and the external storage partition have been merged to only have one partition and benefit from a single storage scales better . it removes the need to choose a reasonable hard partition size split for /data and /sdcard as before . for compatibility reasons , the /data/media folder is exposed via a virtual fuse layer that emulates the former fat properties and hides the internal structure from apps . android police has an interview why this was done here .
you did not explicitely mention it , but from the context i assume you are using a device with android 4.4 ( kitkat ) . with that , google " pimped " the dialer . phonearena writes on this in an article called google makes the dialer awesome again : this is why you want android 4.4 kitkat : i think the best new addition though comes in the changes to caller id , because that has been supercharged with google as well . now , any time you call a number , or receive a call from a number that can be matched to a google maps business record , google will show you that business name , and possibly a picture ( though that part of the feature has been a bit dodgy so far ) , instead of just the phone number . this means far fewer mystery phone numbers in your call history , and if you are like me , it means even more than that . ( emphasis mine ) also see android 4.4 kitkat dialer will add google+ caller id and enhanced search options for a second source , and androidpolice 's google does caller id : kitkat 4.4 matches numbers against google places , and starting in 2014 , google personal accounts for a third . if it is not that , you most likely have a callerid app ( pre- ) installed which does the same : matching numbers of incoming calls against some online database .
probably this is because the network you are on is using nat . because of the world shortage of ip addresses , most networks ( mobile networks and wi-fi ) do not issue you a globally routable ip address . they just give you an address that only works within that network . network address translation ( nat ) is a way of letting all those devices on the network talk to internet , by using something like a proxy server that relays the connections . when you connect to a site outside the network , it sees the connection as coming from the nat server ( gateway ) , so it will show you the gateway 's ip address .
yes - you can install cyanogenmod for the i9100 s2 . get the cyanogenmod ( nightly if you feel adventurous or stick with the stable since you are new at this ) from http://download.cyanogenmod.org/?device=i9100 also , you will need to flash the appropriate gapps package from http://goo.im/gapps i highly recommend you read through the major posts of this thread on xda also , learn how to use cwm or twrp recovery - youtube has a number of videos . see how its done , before attempting to do it yourself , and of course - please back up your data to the cloud or to your pc / laptop / external sd card before attempting this and if possible , perform a nandroid backup so you can revert back to how things were should the unexpected occur and you need to recover .
woah ! i am not entirely sure what happened , but it suddenly started working again - i now have cm 11 up and running . here are some notes on what i was doing which will hopefully be helpful for someone else who has the same problems i did : first off , i was running windows 8 in a parallels vm . i do not know if either windows 8 or the vm was the culprit , but either way , it was silly and probably did not help things . getting adb and fastboot up and running in os x seemed to make a difference . also , there is a chance that there were some problems with directory partitioning/formatting - it suddenly started working after i wiped the system a few times with twrp ( wipe > format data ) and rebooted . obviously you will lose everything , but better to lose a few files and get your phone back ! other info that i found that was not relevant to me but might make a difference : apparently usb 3 can cause issues - try different usb ports , particularly usb 2 over usb 3 . windows 8 may not play nice - try windows 7 or xp ( or linux ! )
no . roms are always device specific . reasons are proprietary drivers for specific hardware components . for more details , you might wish to follow up to the rom tag-wiki , rom-flashing tag-wiki , and the sites/pages linked from there , e.g. is there an official android google rom ?
i finally figured it out , here 's how i did it : even though adb can not get root , and the phone it is self can not get root , as it turns out , there is in fact one more way to clear the cache without fully booting the phone . turn the phone off make sure you have fastboot working on your computer press the power button on the phone and then hold down the volume down button until you see fastboot , then hit the volume up button . open a terminal window , and type the following sudo su fastboot erase cache  and ( apparently ) voil ! the cache is cleared ! !
that is unlikely to be possible . dalvik cache is stored in /data/dalvik-cache , and doing an ls -l /data ( as root ) shows : drwxrwx--x system system 2013-03-29 14:54 dalvik-cache  as you can see , it is owned by user system of the group system , and all other users only have " execute " permission ( i.e. . they are only permitted to change into that directory ) . digging a little deeper with ls -l /data/dalvik-cache shows e.g. : -rw-r--r-- system app_17 6416640 2013-03-02 00:28 data@app@com.google.android.apps.maps-1.apk@classes.dex  all files in here are again owned by system , which is again the only user with write permission ( i.e. . also the only one who could delete files ) . the app corresponding to each .dex file is represented as group ; but as all " other " users , only has read-permissions . conclusion : only root can delete stuff here -- be it from a regular shell or via a custom recovery like e.g. clockworkmod . or via a factory-reset , of course . . . one thing you could try , though , is booting into safe-mode . if any user app is causing the trouble , the device should boot up fine ( as all user apps are skipped in safe-mode ) . a second suggestion is to attach your device via usb and try to capture a logcat ( via adb logcat ) to get some more hints on what could causing the trouble . this would of course require usb debugging to be enabled . in case it was not yet enabled , you might be able doing so from safe-mode ( i am not sure about this , as i have never tried ) .
do this : sdk/platform-tools/adb shell and reboot your phone .
see what can i do to manage my phone&#39 ; s internal storage ? and install the app diskusage . on my phone , it made clear that the system itself takes up 1.2 gb , while this is not shown in the overview ( settings > storage ) . a possible explanation for why you get a message that internal storage is full , is that android always keeps up free space equal to the size of the largest app you installed . so if you install the xyzapp that takes up 100mb , android wants 100mb free disk space in case it needs to update and download the new version . you can try to move as many apps as possible to your external sdcard . that frees up space , and if by accident the biggest app can be moved , android will need less free space . hope this helps ! ( and thanks to izzy ! )
you can use adobe reader to highlight your text while you read and add bookmarks . there is an app called iannotate pdf as well . but it seems tat the bookmarking frature is not available for this app .
unlikely to be possible in this context , as dalvik cache has a fixed system-wide location ( /data/dalvik-cache ) . so you cannot have " linked apps place their dalvik cache directly on sd " . either all or nothing . take a look at the app2sd tag-wiki for alternative approaches which might allow to move the entire dalvik cache to your sdcard . but a selective move imho is impossible . remark : an exception to this general rule are odexed roms , where the .odex files sit in the same place as the app , at least for system apps . so there might be a way to do the same for " user apps " which i have missed . )
i had the same problem , it is a bug that appears occasionally when you change your google account password , or when you switch to the two step verification . some apps that are using your google account can not synchronize the new password and this error appears . in my case , the guilty was the app " my tracks " ( from google ) ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.maps.mytrackshl=en ) . going to " settings > apps > my tracks " , claning data and cache and relaunching the app solved the problem . if you do not have " my tracks " app installed then try this : go to " settings > accounts > your google account " . start unchecking one of the options and select " sync now " ( in the menu ) . continue unchecking the rest of the options one by one and doing " sync now " until the synchronizing error stops appearing . at this time , go to " settings > apps " , search for the last app you unchecked , clear its data and cache and relaunch it ( the app may ask for permission , you have to allow it ) . then return to " settings > accounts > your google account " and check all the options and do " sync now " . if the error continue appearing it means that another app is failing , so repeat the operation to detect and correct it .
i would try backing up the data for one of the apps , then clearing it and seeing if it works afterwards . you could try just restoring /data/data/com.rovio.angrybirds/files/highscores.lua and see if that works . i do not have cut the rope so i do not know how its files work , sorry !
total noob with this stuff myself , i have been reading around , some applications given access like admin ( ? ) , will have been allowed to install in critical locations to do the special tricks they do . to fully remove these applications the special permission change made has to be disabled by the program first , then the program itself can be uninstalled . if the program was allowed ( the special permission ) to make changes to critical section , then removed without the permission , it is possible for critical changes to be left . ( source : fails done by commenters in google play store ) anytime these high permissions are allowed , and these changes made , it should be turned back off first in the program , prior to uninstalling the program , or unexpected things could occur . it is possible that a cool trick software has been installed , and forgotten , or not un-installed properly . maybe an app that turns the screen on or off based on sencors or cameras , or phone or messages , like the proximity , or a shake , docking ? that the application has made changes , or even changes to more critical areas . lock screen app , lock screen customiser , launcher , special trick home changes , there are hundreds of less documented tricks . there are " safe mode " ways of getting into the phones which keeps 3rd party items from operating , the stackexchange-url android site has lots of information on it . also the search of stackexchange-url bootloop . we know you do not have a boot loop , but you still cant do much when this happens , so some of the boot loop information could be applied , which is this safe mode . different phones use slightly different methods for getting into the safemode , adding to the fun , finding an expert with the same phone might be a thing to do if you wanted to access safe mode .
pressing and holding the phone 's power button for a few seconds might do the trick . it switches off my android phones .
check the microphone of the device . on the s3 i believe it is the little hole on the right side of the charging port . i have seen this issue numerous times and on occasion , it is a clogged or semi clogged mic port . if the issue is intermittent , the aforementioned possibility is less likely . other times it is network related , app related or , worst case , a failing microphone .
it could be any or all of the following : speaker 's volume is too low if you have a protective case around your s3 . otterbox cases , and a few others , have been known to cause problem with the s3 's speaker . to be fair though , speakers on samsung devices are notoriously bad when it comes to receving and transmitting sound . some android firmware installed on the s3 can cause the audio software to lower the volume unnecessarily . try upgrading your s3 to the latest android firmware , like jellybean , kitkat or later .
i have had this problem with my own s3 . usually , it happens when i am holding the phone angled away from my head . in my case , holding the phone flat against the side of my head helps . i am not sure if it is some sort of background noise cancellation gone wonky or what , but that little shift in position is all it takes for me .
t-coil is a function of the phone hardware . it requires the speaker to be rigged in a specific manner to allow it to inductively couple with the coil in the hearing aid , though there exist telecoil adapters such as the music link for devices without such support . you can often find listings of what devices offer what kind and level of support for hearing aid compatibility on carrier sites , such as these listings from at and t and verizon . the ctia also has a more general database ( though it seems to be experiencing issues at the moment ) for finding devices with all types of accessibility features , including hearing aid compatibility , as well as information on accessibility services offered by carriers , and more . the global accessibility reporting initiative operated by the mobile manufacurers forum offers a similar service , though more global in scope , for finding devices with accessibility features the m and t indicates whether it supports acoustic coupling ( which tinkers with the sound to allow a hearing aid to pick it up more easily ) or telecoil respectively and the number indicates how good the support is , on a scale of 1 to 4 , with 4 being the best ( though ratings of 1 and 2 are pretty much never seen ) . as a general rule , telecoil is just about always better than acoustic , regardless of the numbers for each .
is your nexus 4 100% stock ? ( i.e. . no xposed module changes , or low-level tweaks like status bar mods and dpi changes ) . verification will fail if the system files on your device do not match factory/the expected ones . i had this happen to me several times with both my n4 and n5 . reverting the changes i made ( thankfully , they were not too many ) fixed it .
you can use the nexus factory images to upgrade your phone to android 4.4 ( now 4.4.2 ) . to do this have a look at this question .
android does not include a telnet daemon . use the included android debug bridge ( meant for development or power users ) . it comes with the official sdk ( http://developer.android.com/sdk/ ) . install both " tools " packages enable usb debugging in your phone settings run ./platform-tools/adb shell in yor sdk folder ( needs approprate usb rights for your phone ) you then have a local shell on your phone . if you definitely need access over network install an ssh server app ( search play store for sshdroid or quicksshd ) . you might want a secure shell server on a mobile device that connects to multiple maybe unsafe networks like public hotspots .
an alternative to the former answer is installing terminal ide . its really nice , but read the description to consider stuff like : nb : this app cannot be installed onto the sdcard because you do not get ' execute ' permissions on that mount . it must run in this app 's private memory on the device [ also much more secure ] . you can of course still read / write to the sdcard and store files there . also - once extracted it takes up about 100mb . you have been warned .
usually this space is taken up by various things that come with the device , like resources for the os , built-in apps , and just disk information . even formatting an 8 gb sd card will only get you 7.49 gb . that same logic would leave you with 30 gb , the rest is most likely the os , and various system resources .
the 32gb are in 1000byte = 1kb logic , and the 25gb should be in binary logic , so 1024byte = 1kb . which gives at first a " loss " of about 2gb : 32gb = 29,8023gib the rest of the space is mostly the android system , reserved space for cache etc . . . one small part will be the journal of the ext file sytstem which is used instead of yaffs . so arround 200-400mb i think will be covered by the ext journal . you have the same problem with harddisks too . the firms write it in decimal logic but the operating system does it in binary . some operating systems nowadays also write the correct gib or mib or kib but not all . . .
i have found the problem . both the router and the phone was working correctly . the problem is with the wifi channels . according to wikipedia 's list of wlan channels , some places only allow channels 1-11 , some others 1-13 . devices will provide support accordingly . my router supports channels 1-13 , while the phone ( i guess ) supports channels 1-11 . so when the router uses channels 12 or 13 , the phone cannot detect the network ! solution ? buy another router which only support channels 1-11 . logon to your routers config through your browser to find whether the router supports limiting the channels . refer to your routers user manual on how to do this change the channel settings on the router to be manual ( i.e. not automatic ) , and somewhere in the range 1-11 ( preferably 1 or 6 or 11 ) .
if you are using the in-built ( stock ) messaging app , see if there is an option in the settings similar to what you have described . by default , only contacts with mobile numbers should be shown . alternative messaging apps like gosms and handcent also have an option to restrict contacts with mobile numbers . in gosms , it is in the sending section of the settings .
i had similar problems . finally i just decided to unlink all my contacts from both gmail and facebook and whatever else , android want 's to sync contacts with . basically turn off any contact sync you may find on the phone . then backup and clean out or delete the entire address book . ( do the same with " new " phone contacts in gmail , which usually gets doubled . ) here is a long guide how to manually backing up all your contacts and emails to a csv file , and how to import them again . you can then use the same csv file to import your contacts into gmail afterwards . " about contacts import/export , backup/restore and data/sync " hope this helps .
the author of an app can set a flag in its manifest ( the package description ) to say whether it can be moved to external storage or not . if you try to install a package to external storage , and its manifest says it cannot be installed there , you get the error code you describe . google 's developer documentation provides a list of kinds of apps which should set the flag to prevent themselves being installed to external storage , because of undesirable side-effects if the external storage is removed .
no idea why it is doing it , but you could stop it by changing the permissions on the host file to read-only . to set a file to read-only , log in as root via adb ( or use the terminal application and log in as root ) and then enter : chmod 444 &lt;path-to-hosts-file&gt; if you need to edit it again later on , enter : chmod 644 &lt;path-to-hosts-file&gt;
from within the stock android environment , you can at least force contacts to the voicemail . it is not possible to block sms directly , at least not without root ( to my knowledge ) . i have a nexus 4 , so your options might differ from what i have . if you go in the people app , you will be able to find your spam contact . in the top-right corner , you will have the  button ( or the menu button on the device ) . there will be an option " all calls to voicemail " . if you check this , all numbers within that contact will be sent to your voicemail and will not vibrate/alert you .
it looks like you are calling the application by the wrong name . it is adb not abd . the message you posted from the console is when the file ( or command ) does not exist in the current directory ( or in the environment path ) it stands for android debug bridge .
you might need to reboot after changing the system 's path variables . in any case , if you navigate to the directory where adb is installed before issuing commands , you will not need to modify anything . cd C:\AndroidSDK\platform-tools adb devices  this should work , assuming you installed the sdk to c:\androidsdk directory .
connect your phone open the windows device manager open each relevant device ( if more than one is shown ) , choose " update driver " , and select android_winusb.inf
i also contributed a lot of time to the adb problem . ( galaxy p7510 vs win7 64bit ) after struggling with non-offical drivers , android_winusb . inf , 64bit jdk , and even having virtualized a 32bit os . . , finally i found a work-around ! just come back to share with anyone concerns . reference : connect to android with adb over tcp the above instruction requires a pc which can adb to your tablet over usb . better work-around is root your device firstly , and then download a adbwireless utility , so you can switch your tablet to adb tcp mode even without usb connection at all . hth !
first got to the driver installation settings . it should ask you if you want windows update to automatically install your drivers . choose " no " ! ( you will be turning it back on when done so do not worry . ) second go to system properties and in the upper left click on advanced system properties . click on environment variables and create a new one . you want your variable name to be devmgr_show_nonpresent_devices and the value to be 1 . third head to the device manager and under the view tab check " show hidden devices . " now uninstall all the android related drivers , especially the ones whose icons are gray . restart your computer but do not change your settings back yet ! instead open a command prompt window in the folder that houses the android drivers ( . inf files ) you wish to manually install . now copy the following and paste it into the command prompt and change the part at the end that reads &lt;file&gt; to the name of the driver .  rundll32 syssetup,SetupInfObjectInstallAction DefaultInstall 128 .\&lt;file&gt;.inf  if your mouse spins for a second and your desktop icons flash it is a successful install . you get a message if it is not . repeat for all drivers . change back your device installation settings to " yes " and go about your business cause we are done here ! now you can attach your phone to your computer .
assuming your brother 's phone is not encrypted , just unlock it and rest is obvious . .
this is an old question and my answer may be of little help . since you know your brother 's number , just call . then answer the phone your self and viola ! it is unlocked . access the contacts from there . i have always wondered why this security hole is overlooked .
i had the same problem trying to get contacts off my broken galaxy s3 , and the solution was a program called " my phone explorer " from http://www.fjsoft.at/en/ i had tried everything , but could not find a solution that worked for retrieving contacts and sms messages .
i think what you need to do is subscribe to your calendar in google calendar , then have your calendar app sync with this feed--much like you would sync additional calenders like days of the week , etc . subscribe to public calendars using the calendar address click the down-arrow next to other calendars select add by url from the menu find the address of the google calendar in icalendar format , or if you have the icalendar address of a calendar from a different application ( for example , apple 's ical ) , you can use this as well . enter the address in the field provided click the add calendar button . the calendar will appear in the other calendars section of the calendar list to the left . then , in the calendar app , or s planner , on your phone choose the additional calendars to display .
if you are sure it is by google , you can find it in the list of google inc 's apps on google play . you can search for apps by any given developer the same way .
google inc . motorola mobility llc . nianticlabs@google ingress , fieldtrip waze waze nik software , inc . snapseed nest labs , inc . nest ( learning thermostat ) bitspin ( formerly team tasks ) timely , tasks bump technologies , inc bump virustotal virustotal android texttospeech listing these separately as they seem to be created within google , but were possibly personal projects/ 20% time projects , and are now retired and only accessible if you have previously installed one of the apps : google places directory team places directory google inc . android apps my maps editor by google
not really . android treats the ram like a big cache of apps that have run recently . it does not remove things from ram just to make free space , because free ram does not provide any benefit : it just makes it more likely that android would have to use more power loading the same app from storage again next time you want it . android only removes processes from ram when the foreground app needs more ram . when you think of it this way , you will see that nothing usefully reduces your ram usage , because android will keep all the ram full anyway . disabling applications has two uses : it removes the app from the app drawer , so you do not have to see it ( and maybe click it by accident ) . it stops the app running down the battery by running in the background , maybe stopping the device going to sleep .
while basically agreeing with dan , it depends on the app you disable . some of the pre-installed bloatware runs services in the background , which are quite unlikely to be killed by the oom ( out of memory ) " manager " . so disabling such an app , other apps can benefit from it : memory no longer consumed by the disabled app is available to other processes , and their likelyness to be killed due to " memory shortness " is reduced . whether you really feel a difference is depending on how much ram your device is equipped with : on devices with a small amount of memory it " counts more " , with 2 gb and more ram to command you might not notice ( except for the battery effect dan already described ) .
there is a lot of apps for kids , where you can set a mode and only allow certain apps on child mode and you being an adult administrator can unlock other apps , i have used one called kids shell it got the job done for me
how do i password protect uninstalling apps from the play store ? this is not possible as of today . i have seen a few apps to help me along , but they do not protect from the play store being launched from inside a game through a commercial for example . such behavior is not made explicitly available to third-party apps , the ones that do exist today can only go so far in providing an " app-locker " . how do i password protect either the entire play store , or the removal of apps ? you can not , at least not in a way that accounts for all scenarios . you may keep searching for " app-locker " apps that attempt to do this and hope you find one that fits your needs . have you tried paranoid android 's lockit instead of going down this route , i would recommend you setup multiple user profiles on the tablet ( the assumption here being your tablet is running android 4.2 or greater ) . in a multi-user scenario , if one user uninstalls an app , it is only uninstalled within their profile . you may read more about it here
i have fiddled around and found that altering the decode mode from hw to sw or system player in bsplayer fixes the issue ! this also works for mxplayer too . this results in the correct video ratio although it is not full width on a 1080p tv ( just like my desktop ) it is at least not stretched . i still do not get why google play movies can play its native videos full width on my tv .
the colors of the rings will change gradually as they move around the clock . if you have seconds enabled you can see it pretty easily over the course of the minute . specifically , the color of the ring seems to progress through the spectrum of visible light in order from lowest frequency to highest . that is , it goes in the same pattern as a rainbow 's colors : red-> orange-> yellow-> green-> blue-> indigo-> violet ( roygbiv ) . then the cycle starts over again near the top of the clock . that is how it looks on my phone , anyway . i am not 100% positive if the other rings follow the same color pattern or if it is just the seconds ring , but the inner rings seem to be properly colored for their lengths ( as in , at the point where the seconds ring reaches the end of one of the inner rings , they are both the same color ) .
look in settings -> security -> owner info . it is the only one place , to my knowledge , where you can set up text under the clock on the lockscreen before 4.2 .
ok just found it . in wifi settings press and hold the connected network you want to set ip to . pick modify network and in there you scroll down , to dhcp settings and pick static and scroll down to et your ip . kinda complicated comparing to non sense android . o well . hope that helps op or any other fellow searcher .
you probably do not have htc sense ( you are using other rom ) . hence you do not have those settings . i use hox with sense as well as op myself , and i do not see any options there to set a static ip . htc seems to have disregarded those settings . ( ics 4.0.4 )
in my htc desire i find it under : settings-> wireless and networks -> wifi settings press menu and select advanced here i can see option to use static ip by selecting " use static ip "
i had the same problem , it was unbearable . i tried many other things but no solution . finally , i downloaded and installed " cloud magic " email app and it works very fine .
not sure if this will work on the s4 , but it seemed to do the trick with my wife 's s2 , and my s3: change ' recent messages ' ( email account settings ) from 25 ( the default ) to ' total ' .
i had the same issue . galaxy note client and webmail client showed they were read but s4 said i had 500+ unread . i went into my webmail client and selected all and forced it to mark all as read . a couple of seconds later all the messages on my phone showed as read and number went to zero .
this is due to the fact that you have given admin rights to the app . reinstall the app and then do this : go to settings-> location and security-> device administrator and deselect the admin . after this is done , uninstall the app .
i had the same issue with my nexus 4 and its definitely a hardware issue for sure . . . avoid factory reset and rebooting of your phone becoz it wont change anything . . but on a temporary basis u can put the display setting of auto rotate on and when there is issue to swipe in portrait you can auto rotate your screen in landscape through an app swipe it and three four time down and then it would start working in portrait form also .
this is a hardware issue most likely . the only way to solve this would be to send the device back to the manufacturer .
it appears the message is initially logged to my phone , and tablet , as google says " hey there is a new mmessage fofor you . " once i start in on the convo it only runs on the one device .
the likeliest culprit for your high latency is first and foremost the fact that you are using a wireless carrier 's network , which are notorious for their high ping times . switching from one carrier to another probably would not solve your problem , and even if you went from a 3g contract to 4g you probably would not see that much of an improvement , especially as more and more people start buying 4g capable devices . additionally trying to do something as data-intensive as play world of warcraft over your cell carrier 's network is never going to feel right . games like that rely heavily on low response times and are best left for wired broadband connections .
if it is auto-completed by google chrome , please follow the following steps , go to your google account dashboard . this will list all of the information collected on you by google . scroll down to Web History and search for your credit card entry or other entries to be removed , and remove it from the history . or you can go directly to your web history . further , in dashboard you can scroll down to `Chrome Sync and click on Manage Chrome Sync . click on the Stop and Clear button to clear all the Autofil and Omnibox History and to stop syncing the data with google server . steps 3 and 4 will merely stop google from collecting data on google chrome 's omnibar ( i am not 100% certain on this ) .
annotations are unfortunately not supported on android at this time : notes annotations appear on standard youtube players and embedded players . annotations do not appear on custom youtube chromeless players . annotations do not appear in video playbacks taking place on mobile , tablet and tv devices . someone from google has evidently acknowledged this feature request , but i do not believe there is any kind of timeline for its implementation ( or official word that it , in fact , will be implemented ) .
the app 's homepage at http://digitalsquid.co.uk/netspoof/ lists the requirements needed for the app to work : requirements network spoofer runs on android devices with the following requirements : which are rooted ( su ) . have an sd card ( or internal storage ) with > 450mb spare space . which has wifi so i would start by double-checking how much free space you have on your device . then it lists the currently supported ( and unsupported ) models : supported devices currently network spoofer has been thoroughly tested on these devices : samsung galaxy nexus htc nexus one t-mobile g1 it is reported working on these devices , as well as working on most other devices : lg optimus 2x huawei u8150d htc hero droid bionic samsung galaxy s / s ii samsung infuse 4g however , network spoofer doesnt currently work with : droid / droid 2 / droid x motorola atrix many other devices should and probably will work , but please report any odd behaviour or crashes , so i can get this working with more devices . your device unfortunately is not on the list of currently supported devices , which means that the app 's author does not guarantee that it will work for you . if you follow the bug reporting link there are ways there for you to provide the dev with more information , so that they can try to get things working on your device . but before you go there , have a look at network spoofer 's faq page which does list some common problems , and some ways to get round them , or what additional information you can provide to help get the problem fixed . finally there is currently an open bug report about network spoofer not working on an s4 , with the same error message that you are getting , that does list how the reporter of the bug got it to work : i had the same problem when trying to run bt5 on my phone using the complete linux installer app , but solved the problem by changing the script from the file bootscript . sh ( attached ) to the combination of the 4 other files ( installbt first , then startbt , and bt , then stopbt to unmount everything ) . the chroot command is located in the bt script . that could be worth trying ( you will need to visit the bug report to see the attached files ) .
no , nothing will be deleted if you chose to " unmount " first . as your device was not detected , it should not even be mounted , so there is nothing that could " break " . a short explanation on that " mysterious unmount " , though : if your device is " mounted " ( i.e. . you can access its files from your computer ) , for faster reaction and other performance reasons all data transfered is " buffered " ( instead of being written to the storage immediately ) . so " unmounting " tells the system to " flush " those buffers , and thus " commit " ( write ) all buffered data to the storage . if you would simply " plug the line " without unmounting first , not-yet-written data were lost . imagine what that would mean if some larger file was only written partly ( it gets corrupted ) , or if you moved files to the phone which where not yet written at all ( they are " lost in space" ) . so it is always a good safety measure to " unmount " first before plugging out the cable .
i would check Settings --> Applications --> Running Services first . see anything there that looks rogue ? consuming a lot of memory or the process seems hung up ?
i ended up spotting the offending program via battery usage . there was one app that was showing a lot of battery use even though i was not doing anything with it ( newsrob ) . i killed that and everything 's been fine since .
you probably have driving mode enabled . in my samsung galaxy s4 , it is in Settings &gt; My device &gt; Driving mode &gt; Incoming call . see if you can find something similar on your phone .
if all else fails . so if you can not install apps from the google store . then you can sideload them with adb . the apk can be found in backup folders from apps like ' titanium backup ' so you can have your friend install it and back it up . then copy the apk . i had a cricket phone that i did not buy service for . . . and they disabled the app " google voice " this sideload method worked to bypass that .
in my previous experience , i have always had problems downloading with chrome . i would try a different browser like boat browser or dolphin browser .
this some sometimes happens to me in chrome . what seems to work better is , instead of tapping on the link to the pdf , long-press on the link and choose save link .
you need to change the account in google maps . open the maps menu . select More &gt; Settings &gt; Switch Account . source .
sounds like an encoding problem . have you tried importing the . vcf into google contacts ( on the web ) and then syncing your phone with your google account contacts ? that might provide better results ; android does not play nice with multiple languages right now .
i have followed the steps mentioned here . it is using . vcf technique only . i had to transfer nokia c3 contacts to sony xperia and it worked for me . create a backup file in your nokia phone . for that go to menu > settings > sync and backup > create backup select only " contacts " for backup . it will create a backup file at a location you specified . copy that backup file in your pc . rename its extension to " . zip " or " . rar " ( make sure to uncheck " hide extensions for known types" ) then extract this file . it will extract all your contacts in root folder named "32" in " . vcf " format . copy this folder into your memory card then go to " contacts " in your android phone . press on the 3 grey dots on the upper or bottom right of the screen . select import from the list . next , select import from > sd card / external memory . it will search for " . vcf " files and popup you the choice to import specific files or all ( select " import all vcard files " to import all contacts ) wait for a while and its done .
yes , it is possible . need a file manager w/root first , you need a file manager that has root access . personally i use es file explorer . within es file explorer , you will need to enable root access ( it is under the tools part on the left menu ) . all users will need to have signed in all users must have had to signin at least once to create their partitions . else , you will not see them . browse the exact location is : /storage/emulated/* # Android &lt;= 4.4.3 /mnt/shell/emulated/* # Android &gt;= 4.4.4 (actually, it may be 4.4.3 too)  where * is the userid . i am not sure how to get the user id , but on my tablets with 3 users it shows up as : /mnt/shell/emulated/0 # owner account /mnt/shell/emulated/10 # first user I created /mnt/shell/emulated/11 # second user I created  from what i gather for userids , it goes in order that i created the users . 0 = the first original owner account . then each account goes up from there ( 10 , 11 , 12 , etc ) . note : if your file manager does not have root permissions ( meaning the app itself must request root access ) , then when you enter one of the directories above , they will be blank . this is telling you that your file manager does not have root access - you need a file manager that knows how to request root access .
wifi is designed to be fast and consume little power . this is especially true if you have a fairly recent phone . the drawback of this is distance or range . you trade the power savings for distance when you use a cellular connection . therefore , a cellular connection does take up quite some power . this can be easily verified by turning on airplane mode and then turning on wifi . take note of how long the battery lasts . in other words , a poor 3g connection will absolutely destroy your battery life . i would not worry so much about keeping wifi on all the time and letting it do its thing in the background since it sips very little power on standby . so to answer your question , disable 3g when you are in an area with poor connection . keep wifi on all the time .
you will definitely have better batty life when you are not using wifi if you turn it off . i do not believe turning off 3g when you are on wifi will save much battery life , because android is already automatically routing all communications over wifi .
try reboot -p to shutdown the phone .
found a solution that worked for me . from this page : go to settings> application manager> all> google text to speech engine instead of disabling it entirely , hit " clear data " note : this solution may or may not be permanent ( i have a feeling when i next actually use a feature with voice , it will re-enable ) , but it is easily repeatable at need . it is mostly viable for me because i do not use such features terribly often . if you use maps every day or whatever you might need to find a different answer .
a battery such as this extended battery from mugen power can be used on the galaxy s without adding thickness and will usually give you around 30% better battery life . always be careful when using non-oem batteries in your phone , there are a lot of cheap ones out there , but a no-name brand battery might leak or short out . read the reviews and remember , you get what you pay for .
you might want remove the external sd card before giving the handset . it is safe to change your google account password associated with that phone . basically what they try to do is a factory reset , in which case , you should not be worried about the stuff on your phone .
i assume you have a screen like this one ? there is a way to disable the so called " fullscreen landscape keyboard " . some custom roms have feature an option by default , but not cyanogenmod . what you could try is to download the xposed framework and disable that fullscreen landscape keyboard through xposed modules like " gravity box " or " xblast tools " . those two modules also feature a lot of other useful tweaks . i hope i understood you correctly and that this will be helpful . edit : those two modules i mentioned above may be a bit confusing at first . so i would rather recommend this module instead : no fullscreen keyboard xposed - android apps on google play
there are different boot combos for different galaxies . on my phone it is up + home + power . sometimes i have to hold it for almost two minutes for some reason . if you cant boot injto recovery then boot into bootloader/downloadmode and flash there with . exe like odin or heimdall . on my phone down home power boots into bootloader . make sure the drivers are newest from samsung official site
i also faced the same problem in my phone , when i flashed a wrong rom . but i had usb jig which reset my phone to download mode automatically . then i was able to flash with odin . try using usb jig ( you can buy it on ebay ) to force your phone into download mode .
i do not know what was the issue behind it , but i upgraded my arc to 2.3.4 and surprisingly this made it work . just added it as an answer in case someone does come across any such thing .
i do not think there is anywhere to cite where google has said that putting your app on the market is not exclusive , but i am sure it is allowed , since there are a lot of different alternatives to the market and you can even download versions of apps available on the market through other means . in certain cases , like tasker , getting it directly ( not through the market ) is even encouraged by the author .
not sure about keyboard font but maybe you can change the font in apps . check out this link - custom fonts in apps . and also this link - custom fonts in apps 2 . link 2 is from external site .
no in fact there is the Knox void warranty flag that will be set to 0x1 if you are on the 4.3 . knox is not yet really understanded but so far something is sure , if you flash any rom that does not contains the knox security ( official or not official ) it will void your warranty . so even if you flash a 4.2.2 version of stock rom from samsung it will set the knox void warranty to 0x1 and your phone will not be supported by samsung . edit 1 : well according to comment , it might be possible to avoid the change of th knox flag , with the root method from root de la vega . but still if you are in usa ( where voiding warranty with a simple logical flag is possible ) be carefull while proceding because it still tricky . souce : xda forum about knox behaviour
head to settings scroll down to find application manager scroll to the right until you reach the page all locate badge-provider click on clear data , if you cannot click clear data then first hit force stop , then you should be able too . restart your phone ( source )
mouse cursor graphics can be located in the framework-res.apk . specifically , res/drawable-x/pointer_arrow.png inside the apk file where x ( suffix of drawable ) is pixel density class of your device .
well , you have several applications that do what you want . you have tasker which is paid , llama which is free and i am currently using and can recommend , if you look around in the market , you can find other applications .
the app that i use for this is unlock with wifi ( free version , paid version ) while it can not do anywhere near as much as tasker and locale can , i prefer small apps that do exactly what i want and not much more . unlock with wifi as well as its core function of disabling the screen lock when you are attached to a trusted wifi point , can also switch wifi , bluetooth , gps and background sync on and off depending on whether or not you are connected to the trusted wifi ( i have my home wifi , and my parents wifi points specified as trusted ) . if you are interested in doing more than this , or triggering differently then locale and tasker ( both paid apps ) are very highly recommended for automating android settings and apps .
there is also the free timeriffic . works similar to what i remember of locale but without the gps component .
the hardware and software support sms , but not calling . the most likely explanation is that your contract is a data-only contract and sms messaging is disabled by your operator . there is a chance , however , that the problem is your sms settings . you can check these by opening Messaging , then open Settings from the top right corner and check that the Message center under Text message (SMS) settings is correct . the message center number is network specific , so check it from another phone that uses the same network or ask your operator .
solved by using manual method , searching and do " trial and error " on each files .
to update the path variable inside a running adb shell you can use the expect command . this works on a non-rooted phone where you can not edit system files as suggested in the other answers . put the following script somewhere on the path of your development machine , for example in ~/bin/adb-shell-busybox: you can also inject any other setup commands that you might need .
by default stock android mksh uses this config file : /system/etc/mkshrc
additionally to what @alex-p wrote , you can set the ENV environment variable to override the path of the mkshrc file used . all login shells also read /system/etc/profile and $HOME/.profile ( these are a good place to export ENV ) . disclaimer : im the mksh maintainer .
you must go in settings -> developer options and there must be an option called " root access " . set it to ADB + Apps .
check out the free version of ' groove ip lite ' in the play store . the free version utilizes google voice over wifi only , but that is all you are asking for so you should be golden .
try custom messaging apps like go sms pro or handcent sms . these will allow you to customize the notification alerts for incoming messages from specific numbers ! hope this helps ! : )
in the more recent updates to the galaxy s iii ( at least android 4.1.2 ) you can modify the notification panel at the top of the notifications screens that you get when you drag from the status bar . open settings , ' display ' ( under ' device ' heading ) then in the ' general ' heading choose ' notification panel ' . here you should be able to choose which quick setting buttons you want to appear and one of them is the toggle for ' screen rotation ' .
i do not think that an app can change the power button menu . the same is true for the " power widget " , a strip of toggles at the top of the notification area that some roms offer . you can , however , get something very close with the help of widgetsoid -- in this case the toggles are inside an ongoing notification instead of part of the notification area . auto-rotate is one of the toggles included , of course .
have you tried notification toggle from the google play store ? it will let you change the rotation lock from the notification screen .
notification toggles in your rom are related to the framework . apk and settings . apk . so you technically need to edit them to enable/add other toggles . you could try swipepad for launching/performing quick tasks .
go to your phone 's Settings . under Accounts , add the existing google account . after you go through the wizard ( and making sure email is synced ) , go back to the gmail app . when you trigger/click the hamburger menu , you should be able to select between your different gmail accounts .
the post you link says that a more recent ota update fixes the problem . if you are not comfortable rooting the phone , i suggest you wait a few days and apply that update when your phone offers . to answer your other queries about rooting : yes , you can unroot again ( and lock the bootloader ) once you have changed whatever settings you like . while the phone is unrooted , ota updates will not apply . applying an ota update afterwards may undo the settings you have change : we can only guess whether they will or not . in this case , since the next ota update fixes the problem , it probably will change the tethering flag . fwiw , the problem you are seeing is not that the phone does not have the ability to tether any more . kitkat adds new tethering features , and it seems ( from the descriptions online ) that the update had the accidental side-effect of making t-mobile ( and some other carriers ) think that your plan does not allow tethering when it should . whether tethering is allowed is a matter between you and your carrier , not android . if tethering is disallowed in your contract with the carrier , and you try to do it anyway , they have every right to stop you . many carriers have other means to detect and block it that do not rely on the phone . it seems to be an accident that users on some carriers are being blocked when they should not be , and that is what the work-around ( and the official update ) avoids .
the problem is not that a file already exists at that path : it is that the app you are trying to install is already installed on the phone . have you previously tried to install superuser as a normal app ? you need to uninstall it before you can root the phone . uninstall it in the usual way from settings  apps . in addition , the motochopper exploit only works up to the 4.2.2 firmware for the galaxy s4 ( and only s4 variants with the snapdragon chipset , not exynos-based ones ) . if you have already updated to 4.3 or 4.4 , this exploit can not work . you need to use another method , for example unlocking the bootloader the conventional way ( though if the phone is carrier-branded the carrier probably has disabled unlocking the bootloader ) .
edit : after update to the question my answer is not valid for this case , i thought that the phone was not booting right after flashing new rom . leaving my old answer in case someone might have the issue i have described earlier . as far as i know until your phone boot there is no way to check logs . though i think your phone might have some problems booting due to some cached information which was not wiped before flashing your rom . i had similar issue and wiping caches fix my boot-loop on galaxys4 - cyanogenmod 11 . all you need to do before flashing your rom , is to turn your phone in recovery mode , then wipe cache , and dalvik cache , after that you can flash your rom . i can not tell you exactly how to do this because i do not know which recovery you are using . this operation will not delete any of you personal data , only some apps cache , after rebooting your phone should start preparing apps and then boot normally . in case its still not working you might try to wipe cache and dalvik cache again and additionally make factory reset , this operation will wipe all your data from your phone so if you got important information on your phone make sure its the last possible solution , after factory reset flash your rom again . also some custom roms are not working correctly with every recovery , so make sure you are using supported recovery . ps . also i advice you checking this forum : http://forum.xda-developers.com/ for any information regarding flashing roms/kernels etc . disclaimer : though this worked for me , and i think it should work for you too , i am not taking any responsibility for any damages to your device , nor lost data .
install the android sdk and plug in your phone . go to a command prompt change directory to to your adb folder type adb logcat &gt; logcat.txt this creates a text file in your adb folder and would tell exactly why your phone is not booting .
it depends on how the particular recovery you will choose to install handles user data . most recent versions of commonly used recovery images ( e . g . twrp and clockworkmod ) recognize the need to keep certain portions of internal memory on devices without removable storage . on such devices the /sdcard mount point is still present , but is pointing to /data/media partition instead . when doing a regular factory reset , this /data/media partition is left untouched . if you really wish to clear that area as well , in clockworkmod recovery , for example , you would need to navigate to mounts and storage and use the format /data and /data/media(/sdcard) option .
terminology is important in this case . . . formatting /data will wipe out your internal /sdcard/ mount . wiping /data , on the other hand , will usually not erase your sdcard . usually you do not need to actually format /data/ , and wiping ( usually called a " factory reset" ) will suffice . technical explaination : /sdcard/ lives in /data/media . when doing a factory reset , the recovery will delete everything in /data/ except for /data/media/ . in fact , when factory resetting , my recovery will tell me " wiping /data , skipping /data/media " . however , when formatting , you cannot be selective like that . formatting will wipe out everything on a mount point .
open up my accounts application from application tray . select the corporate sync account you wish to modify . your corporate exchange account settings will be displayed select remove account to remove this corporate exchange account from the handset . seen here troubleshooting page in case of further problems .
i just upgraded as well and had the same thing happen to me . however , in my case i am still connected to an exchange server . i know our it guys are very open with not locking down our phones with stuff like this and i have had windows mobile phones connected to the same exchange server with no need for a pin number . open phone settings open location and security settings go to select device administrators mine currently says " corporate sync " is one of the device administrators , but does not allow me to remove it . you may be able to remove it since you have removed the connection to the server . i suspect either the phone was not enforcing the settings set by the exchange server correctly or that there has been a bug introduced in the new version . note : i know this wont work for the person asking the question , but might be helpful to others . i was able to remove my exchange account , change my password back to pattern instead of pin , re-add my exchange account , and the phone did not force a pin to be set .
for rooted phones only well i have had the same problem as the original poster ever since i updated it to froyo . my exchange account i previously had on the phone was using a remote administrator certificate that i could not remove . yesturday i worked out a simple solution using r/w access to the /system/app folder . using a free root file explorer named super manager . i navigated to /system/app and renamed the file policymgrprovider . apk to policymgrprivider . bak . this removed the remote administrator policy and allowed me full control over the lock screen . after i switched it to no lock i went back and renamed the file to policymgrprovider . apk . no problems what so ever . i did rename the file bluremailengine . apk to a . bak at the same time , so if its not working disable that app as well long enough to change your lock screen settings . i know you do not want to root your phone , but unfortunately its probably the only way you will get that stupid pin lock gone .
i tried the suggestions here with no luck . the solution i tried only works on a rooted phone . background : removed exchange/corp sync account , screen lock remained , and could not be disabled . solution requires a rooted phone , installed a terminal emulator , installed busybox - need to edit one or two files with unix ' vi ' command droidx : open terminal emulator . su cd /data/system vi device_policies . xml open a line below policies add escape out and save file :wq check list of files with ls command ls the droid 3 had a file called mot_device_policies . xml which additionally needed the same changes as described above . the changes comment out the policies and after a reboot , you can turn off the screen lock !
android 4.4 makes it easy . it allows you to remove this ( at least for me it did ) , by selecting the option , Clear credentials (Remove all certificates) from the security menu . immediately , i was able to set no password/lock-code on my device again . hope this helps !
fwiw , i just tried the steps posted above by mru and they did exactly what i wanted - removed the corporate account and freed my lock screen . that said , there was one very minor glitch . i tried to remove the pin requirement immediately after i removed the account , but the system would not let me . as you can imagine , i was disappointed . but i went in awhile later , and the restrictions had been removed . i had to enter my pin one more time , and that let me reset the security to my preference .
afaik it is not currently possible . . . check tis forum : http://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/mobile/njde0koxkui
gosms pro has a " notification bar privacy mode " option , which ' shows " new message " instead of the message 's content ' . i personally use sliding sms ( which is a standalone app created for and taken from cyanogenmod 10 ) . it has an option to enable " privacy mode " , which hides the sender and message from the status bar notification . 8sms ( which is also from cm10 m2 ) also has this option .
third party sms app like handcent sms , 8sms and go sms etc have option to hide the notification message from the status bar . just go to these sms app . in settings you will find option to hide the message content in notification bar .
you can lock a particular message in your conversation so you do not accidentally delete that . the check box is for those messages . see following screen-shots - first long tap on the message you want to lock , and select lock . the message should be now locked and a lock icon should appear at the bottom . now when you delete the conversation the message was in , the locked message would not get deleted if the check-box is not selected .
you can lock messages that you want to retain in your phone . iirc long pressing the message will give you the option to lock the message .
there is an easy way to hide root/superuser temporarily . just rename the superuser app/apps to some other name in /system/app . the disadvantage is that this will disable root for all apps .
here is how i solved both problems : 1 ) remove battery and reboot . two times because it was still behaving strange the first time . 2 ) remove files little by little , until i found the problematic file , called %01.%02 , i recognized its content as a tile from the maverick map app ( which i have not launched so it is more of a random casualty ) . anyway , i renamed that file to a.a. and then deletion was successful .
short answer : no . longer answer : the thumb-drive version of ubuntu is for x86 processors . there are ways to run ubuntu in android , all of them requiring a ubuntu port with an arm architecture . search for complete linux installer in the play store for basic stuff . it will rum on top of android in a virtualized environment , and you can connect to its environment and everything . just download the image and put it on your flash drive instead .
as usual , a factory reset is a possible last-ressort to sort things out and see whether the problem is software-related . and even if the problem remains , this way you do not need to worry about your data in alien hands : ) as a factory reset wipes all data ( and 3rd party apps ) from your device , you of course want to backup as much as possible , to be able to restore it later . without root , this get 's a little complicated -- but not impossible , if you are running android 4 . x . since starting with ics ( 4.0 ) , adb supports a full backup of non-rooted devices . which brings us to a seemingly chicken-and-egg problem : you cannot establish an usb connection , which is the most common pre-condition for an adb connection . but fear not , there is a solution for that as well : you can connect android with adb via wifi as well , and there is even a little app called wifi adb to help you with that 1 : wifi adb makes it easy to debug/test your android apps directly on device via wifi tcp/ip connection . no need to use usb cable . trouble again is this requires root . having a rooted device , you could of course also use titanium backup to backup your apps and data 2 .
another alternative is to carry a second battery pack in your carry bag . just swap the battery when you are running out . the disadvantage is that you need to turn off the phone while swapping .
i am not managing to find any iphone-like battery cases for the gnex , but you might look at an external battery pack without the integrated connector , but rather just a bog standard plug for your own cable . i personally have one made by aluratek . they also offer 3 other newer models and in retrospect , i would get one of those as they charge over microusb rather than a proprietary plug . i also use a itty bitty igo keyjuice as the cable for compactness and just velcro'd it onto the above mentioned battery pack so they are always together for use . even the smallest of those packs will net you better than 3x your runtime . another option might be an oversize extended battery , like the one offered by seido . it'll add bulk and prevent you from using any case except their 's , but it'll also come close to doubling your battery capacity even over the stock-size extended battery you have now . i personally have a stock-size extended battery from them in my incredible s and my personal testing seems to bear out their capacity claims .
there might be a number of explanations , first you might have set your handset to ignore 3g networks when connected to a wi-fi connection . to check this , try deactivating the wi-fi and see what happens . if the problem is still there , then check whether use 2g network is enabled , and disable it . try enabling 3g go to applications icon-settings-more settings-mobile networks-mobile data if there is a tick on the mobile data , then its supposed to work . so switch off the wi-fi first and try whether it will work . hope you get to solve this let me know if you do . it might also be a provider problem like stated by some , either check the apn settings with the provider , or try getting a friend to show you the apn settings . you could also try getting a different microsimcard to see whether it will work because that might also be a problem .
it seem like the line provider problem to me . . try to check the setting-more-mobile network-access point name check the setting there . . or download new access point name . . if this not fix the problem . . u need to call the provider line to help u fix the problem . thx
as far as i know , they are stored under : data/data/com.android.chrome/app_chrome/default/bookmarks
i had a similar problem . i had enabled mobile tracker and that why the sms 's were going . disable the tracker and the sms'es will not be send out on sim change .
hey i got solution after giving lot of time on this problem . this is the defect of samsung software . actually every software version is linked with some number . but it not send any sms to that number . because of licence , security reason they need to linked every version to particular number . if some problem occur in mobile phone then only it communicate with this number . but in some particular software there is some defect that is why it send sms when new sim inserted into mobile . the solution is go to your nearest samsung service center and update your software .
before changing the sim , set your phone to flight mode . then switch it off , and change the sim . switch on after 5 minutes , and disable the flight mode . it will help you save your balance deduction .
please provide more specific detail . is the error warning appears on the playstore or when you try to open whatsapp ? what galaxy note pro do you use ? if you are using galaxy note pro 12.2 wifi only . based on this whatsapp faq your device is unfortunately not supported .
i have samsung galaxy note ii . in my phone i can configure the content synchronization in : settings / cloud / contents sync there is independent sync setting for pictures and videos .
i had a droid 1 . screen got very jittery when i used a non-oem charging cable , unless i held the back of the phone in a certain way . also noticed this when running cyanogen ver 6.0 . went back to the stock rom . finally starting doing it again . i ended up sending it back and getting a warranty replacement . factory reset did not fix it . warranty replacement works fine .
pictures , videos , downloads , and music are all stored on the sd card by default . you can get at them by popping your sd card into any card reader . ( probably have to get an adapter ) app settings are stored on the phone . but if those apps support google 's backup service those settings will be restored on your new phone .
i decided " f it " and pulled the sd card and did a factory reset . the problem still persists so it is most definitely a hardware issue . i guess i will have to take it in :/ .
its happening to me as well since yesterday . never happens with dell but first time in hp . read somewhere that enabling fips in wifi setting in laptop will solve this problem will check and revert .
this is a documented bug related to tethering between intel wireless and qualcomm s4 based mobile phones , leading to disconnection or bsod . it has been documented here and discussed here .
see my answer here on some ways to save battery power on your phone .
i never used those tracking apps , but maybe you can decrease their polling frequency ? . this will decrease the accuracy of the tracking , but generally you do not need the app to track every meter you move .
there is a bit tricky method suggested by one of xda members . rooting is required . download and install a terminal emulator on your android tablet . run the emulator and enter the following commands : dhcpcd usb1 setprop net . dns1 8.8.8.8 the android phone from which net connection is to be sourced must be connected via usb cable and on that phone enable usb tether . now you can access internet on your android tablet using your android phone as a usb modem !
i can trim to two clicks : 1 for full backup to local storage and another for dropbox sync . for full backup to local storage : 1 . tap and hold on empty home screen area . choose widgets . 2 . from pop-up list , tap titanium backup ( actions ) . again , tap action . 3 . on next screen , choose backup all user apps + system data and tap create widget button . 4 . done ! now , all you have to do is to tap this widget from your home screen . for full sync to dropbox : 1 . make sure you have already enabled and configured dropbox sync from menu ~> preferences . 2 . from preferences , tap dropbox settings and then labels to synchronize . check synchronize everything checkbox and tap ok . 3 . done ! now , all you need is to open app and tap sync to dropbox now ! button at bottom from overview tab . . main method for full backup to local storage ( to shoot out your confusion ) : 1 . tap backup/restore tab . 2 . tap click to edit filters just below tab bar ( right-side ) . make sure all radio buttons are set to all and there is no label are selected ( if you have labels ) . tap apply button on top-right . 3 . hit physical menu button and choose batch . 4 . on next screen , tap run button left to backup all user apps + system data . tap run the batch operation button on top . go really for a sleep : setup and enable a full backup schedule profile from schedules tab . it will be enough if you just enable the two default schedule profiles . you can change its backup frequency after tapping edit button . so , in the last , you just need 1 click : 0 for full backup and 1 for dropbox sync ! : ) what about 0 clicks ? ? install dropsync and link tb 's backup directory to a folder in dropbox ( free version supports 1 directory linking which is enough for this ) . it'll sync backups with dropbox automatically ( make sure Auto Sync is check in settings ) . so , you do not need even that one click . . .
as of version 4.8.2 you can automatically synchronise to dropbox ( or box .net) with each scheduled backup : go to schedules in the main menu select a schedule or create a new one fiddle with the time settings to your heart 's content select " sync to dropbox " in the " when finished:" combo box at the bottom . could also be a good idea to adjust the " connectivity modes " to synchronise over wi-fi only in the settings to avoid unnecessary data charges ( if applicable ) .
as can be seen in this video from the google i/o conference , in jelly bean applications can no longer read the system log for other applications , they can only read their own log . this has broken most ( all ? ) system log readers , here 's a blog post from a developer of such an application talking about how it has affected his application . the only way to have an app read other apps system log entries when using jelly bean is to root the phone . although other apps can not read the log files it is apparently possible to do it from the pc , try giving logshark a go .
the easiest most simple way that will give you definitive results is to remove all apps and install them one at a time until you install one that starts your problem . if you just installed an app recently and think it may be questionable , uninstall it and see if your problem is gone . this in all honesty is a lengthy process .
what you describe can not happen . the android updater downloads the whole update before doing anything . only after it is finished downloading does it offer to restart and install , and no internet connection is required for the installation procedure . perhaps what is happened is simply that the android update has completed successfully , and you are waiting for some apps to update themselves . new functionality like the play newsstand app is separate from the os update , so you might have to wait a little longer for that update . also , if you are expecting the new home screen , with a google now page and transparent effects , be aware that that also is not part of the os update : the new launcher is only on nexus 5 devices for now , and you will be able to download it from google play soon . when you are trying to get help with a problem , describe the actual symptoms you are seeing , not just what you think caused the problem . we could give you much more specific answers if your question were more specific than " some functions are missing " .
i agree with dan regarding the atomic operation of the update . i read a news article saying that nexus 4 's update does not bring all the features that are seen in nexus 5 . read this article for more info .
most ( if not all ) custom roms deliberately prevent over-the-air updates from carriers/manufacturers . this is done both to prevent incompatibilities during the upgrade process , and to avoid losing root . with that said , some custom roms do offer ways to be notified of updates . for example , for roms that are integrated with rom manager update notifications are available through that app ( available for the premium version only though . ) other roms may even include their own update notification built-in . this is really up to the developer of a given rom , and you should be able to find this information on the rom 's support thread . after the initial rooting and installation procedure , upgrading a rom to a newer version is quite easy : download rom 's update . zip file and place it on the root of your sd card . reboot device to recovery ( clockworkmod in this case . ) perform a nandroid backup . this step is not strictly necessary , but highly recommended in case something goes wrong during the update process , or if you just are not happy with a new version . if that happens you can always restore a previous backup to get your device back to a fully functional version . clear cache and dalvik-cache partitions . again , not really necessary , but in some cases this helps prevent issues with installed 3rd-party ( and system ) apps in case the updated rom changes things around too much . apply the update . pick the zip file you downloaded in step 1 and wait for the update to complete . flash the gapps package . optional , if you want the play store , google talk and other google experience apps . you have to do this step each time you upgrade the rom , since the /system partition gets formatted as part of the update process . reboot . the first boot after rom update will take a long time ( 5+ minutes , ) depending on how many apps you have installed . this is because the dalvik-cache gets gets rebuilt . after this you should be all set .
this is usual android disconnection response . it is to do with your phone checking in with the closest antenna when you end a call . perhaps this will help explain the speed a little : http://images.cellphones.org/cell_phone_calls.jpg p.s. i just hit end call then home or lock screen and put it in my pocket :- )
i am not sure why google now ceased to appear , but here is how to reset it : open settings --> apps . scroll right to all . open google search , hit clear data and clear cache . open google now again and it will walk you through the initial setup guide . my personalized card settings were retained after the clear .
i was able to install google play services by browsing to its page at https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.gms and then logging in , clicking install , and choosing my phone . come to think of it , i might start installing more apps this way , from the comfort of a desktop browser . : ) anyway , i am able to use the google+ app again . i am still puzzled by the " no connection " business and having to periodically downgrade play to market to install anything from my phone running android 2.2 , but i am glad i did not have to root it and install cyanogenmod as suggested by some friends .
when i have been unable to log-in to the google account on an old phone or something , it will often work by logging-in to youtube with the same credentials . youtube is usually a default installed app . open it up , go to the account settings and log-in using your gmail credentials . i get no futher problems with logging into gmail . it does it at the same time as youtube . this sorts it out for me . hope this helps someone .
be sure to check google drive because the app can store/sync to the " my tracks " folder .
i am still not sure where actual mytracks data is stored . i think it is stored somewhere in the internal memory , not in the external memory . but i have found a way to export the gpx data . start mytracks . press menu button . tap " save all to external storage " . tap " save as gpx " . saved x tracks to /mnt/sdcard/mytracks/gpx . at least some of the data for google mytracks is stored at /data/data/com . google . android . maps . mytracks . but to view /data/data you need to enable the root explorer in the phone and you need root access . to enable root explorer in file expert : start file expert . press menu button . tap more . tap settings . tap file explorer settings . check root explorer option . for this to work you need root access on the phone , i.e. the phone needs to be rooted . also , sometimes you will need to mount the file system as writable , and you can do this too within the app settings . ( i tried the same thing with es file explorer but i was unable to even view the root folder / with it , it was only able to view /sdcard . so therefore i recommend using file explorer instead . )
i have not ever found a way in any the settings to adjust this . i think the time is hard coded . i completely agree with you about the time before it would close , for this reason , i disable it unless i am testing something and need it for a specific test .
the find command works well in adb shell . the syntax is find /path -name file_name . for searching read only areas you will need root . if the find command is not available on your particular device , you might need to install busybox ( search the market . ) for example , adb shell find / -name *maps* will find all files that contain word " maps " across the entire file system .
no , you are pretty much out of luck . once you update , you have that version and cannot go back . i do not know your android knowledge , but , if you have the apk file for a previous version , you can " sideload " the application on to the device ( unless you have at and t ) . but that is a bit more complicated if you never done it before . it requires the drivers for your pc , copy the file to the sdcard , and then " open " the apk file with an file manager , which will then launch the package installer .
i guess it will be fixed in a future update but until then , have you tried contacting the developers for an older version . i am sure they will be appreciative of any feedback you give and it would be easy for them to provide you with a previous version directly . if you are feeling brave , i found the following two sites that might have what you need as a direct download , may need something like astro file manager ( free ) to install and will need to enable unknown sources in the settings . http://www.freewarelovers.com/android/app/winamp http://getandroidstuff.com/?s=winamp+android i do not know how reputable the sites are so i would try my first suggestion initially .
my understanding is that the stock e-mail app sends mail in plain text only -- not html . thus whatever client receives the message will render it in a default font for plain-text messages . for outlook , that is apparently times new roman . ( courier new is another possibility . ) so your question might actually be " can i send html e-mail from the stock android app ? "
use ideal text enlarger . works without need for root . but not all apps work with it and overly large fonts make the interface more difficult . i am looking for a similar solution , but in terms of accessibility , the ipad 's triple finger gesture to zoom and magnify any part of the screen in any app is unmatchable in android as yet .
individual apps might have settings for font size , but i do not think android 2.2 included any system-wide settings for changing the default font size . check the market for a third-party contact list app that allows you to change that setting .
your battery status may be off for a while , but will return to normal as you use the device . in general it is good to do several consecutive full discharges and full charges , which will restore the stats about how long the battery lasts . there is nothing you can do beyond that .
broadcom did not specify it , it could be any from this list , search for the gps category . galaxy y uses the broadcom bcm21553 which is arm11 . based on this , i conclude it uses the bcm4751 gps module . you can also try this ussd codes that might reveal some information .
yes , you can now install the stock android keyboard from the play store - it is called google keyboard .
there is no official way of installing the default keyboard if it is not installed by the manufacturer . however , there may be unofficial ways using files stripped from other devices or compiled from aosp . there are some keyboards on google play , see for example keyboard from android 2.3 , which claims to be like the default keyboard from android 2.3 . another way of getting the default keyboard may be installing another rom . i think hardware makers would install their own keyboards if they think that they are superior to the default one , for example because they better work on the screen size of a device .
the same thing had happened to my n7 . here 's what worked for me . let your device stay in that state for as long as the battery lasts , i.e. wait till the battery is dead . after that is done , power on the devise by holding the two volume buttons and then connect the charger or connect to a computer . use your volume buttons to navigate to START and click on the power button that should bring it back to life Edit here is a photo of the boot loader i found on google which shows the Start
flashing baseband via odin lost my imei and phone number and connectivity . i have fixed this by flashing modem via cwm . after that the disconnections have seemed to stop . also another problem got solved - before i could not copy +200mb file from pc to android via samba fileserver - something disconnected the process every time . now i can copy 300mb file without disconnections . i will wait for a day or two and try to mess with wi-fi settings and let you know if the problem is really solved . izzy : i am sure my internet was going through wi-fi . now the logs are different than before flashing modem ( or replacing kernel , although kernel did not solve the problem ) . here is what i get if i check what you suggested :
i have solved the problem by flashing modem ( aka baseband aka radio ) only through cwm / recovery mode . this way i have kept all my settings and apk 's and rom and kernel . the files i have used ( for sgs i9000 ) can be found here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1158783 you have to choose appropriate modem according to your phone/location/operator . perhaps it needs to be done twice or with correct modem ( i suggest trying few times ) . my actual procedure ( i do not suggest repeating it ) was : flashing several tar . md5 modem files several times via odin which did not work and i have lost my imei and phone number and signal . later i have restored backed up /efs folder bud did not help with imei . then i flashed zip modem files over cwm in recovery mode which solved both problems . personally i have tried i9000xxjvu and i9000xwjw1 and both worked . after updating rom with latest nightlies and later changing the kernel i notice that baseband version does not change . this is probably why i could not solve the problem by changing roms and kernels before . i read somewhere that modem does not affect wi-fi , but obviously it does to some degree .
ok , so it is quite obvious that your phone is receiving 3g service ( likely edge/umts ) , not just the 2g gprs service . gprs is simply not capable of the speeds you are getting . since you have called the carrier and had them check , it is their problem . i would say just go with it and enjoy the free service . do not let them charge you for it if they figure it out later , since you did try to make them aware . if you are worried about it just call again and make the situation really clear .
you could use tasker to make a beep or push a notification when battery level is ouside your safety boundaries , so you can take an action by yourself ( ie . un/plug the charger ) . go to developer website , where tasker userguide can help you to set that task , taking as context the state of your device . the following image shows an example of configuring tasker to take an action depending on battery state :
application : no , as for an application to do this , the answer is no since charging on an android phone is done by its hardware ! the software has nothing to do with the actual charging of the phone ! ( this is why your phone is able to charge even when the os is powered down ) method : no , since the charging is not controlled by the software of your phone , this means it will be very difficult to stop your phone from charging ( since there is no software modification that i can think of that will help . . . i could be wrong ! ) however , as pointed out by francisco alvarado <a href="stackexchange-url earlier you could create tasker profiles to notify you about custom charge levels . or if you are very paranoid about maintaining battery health you could make tasker prompt you before automatically shutting down ( just a suggestion ) .
i found the solution thanks to ' related ' items which show up in green on the right side of this page , such as " how to change android primary google account " , and other related threads . i went to settings , accounts and sync , clicked on the gmail account , remove account , then add account , at which point i entered my existing gmail account ( the one that i know the password for ) and when i went to playstore it opened and i am now in . thank you .
there are many apps on the market that allows you to password-/pin-/pattern- protect other apps , see : https://market.android.com/search?q=app+lock
you reset your phone means there will be no apps in that . to find out what is occupying your phone memory goto settings -> manage application or settings-> storage option to find out what is occupying space in your device . another way : if you have any file manager application installed in your phone go to internal storage and find out the things which occupying space in your phone . it may be any files such pictures or videos .
it depends . some phone manufacturers adds the feature of moving apps to sd card in some of their models but most of them does not have this feature by default . although you can change that manually by rooting your phone and using an app called ' app2sd ' on any version of android .
if you add an additional google account , android will ask you which account to use when there is ambiguity . from the main screen of most google apps ( including play store ) , you can tap the upper left corner of the app , and from the slideout menu touch your email address ( which will be at the top of the slideout menu ) , and then choose another address associated with the fun to use the app as that account .
the first answer is one way to do it , just make sure in settings under sync , that you remove the check box for gmail and any other services you are not going to use from that account . another way which i have not tested myself as far as retaining apps but should work is to log into your gmail account from a browser and go to settings and there is an option to set up alias gmail accounts under your main account .
yes you can , you will need to create a different " calendar " ( probably " tag " would be a better name , but that is google 's terms for it ) . creating a calendar ( do this from the desktop , i did not found a way to do it from android 's calendar app ; do anyone know ? ) : go to http://www.google.com/calendar . look for the " my calendars " box on the left , click on " add " fill in the information , and click create calendar . you can change the color later from " my calendars " box , by clicking on the triangular button . adding events to calendar ( can be done from android ) : on the " create new event " view , choose the calendar you have just made from " calendar " combobox .
after following lie 's steps to create a new calendar in google calendar , you will have to add it to the calendar app : open the calendar app menu > my calendars menu > add calendars select the calendar you just added lie mentioned this in a comment , but i do not have enough rep to respond . add calendar is for adding calendars to the app that are not in the my calendars list already . it will not let you add new calendars to google calendar . ( the above is true on my xt720 running eclair-2.1 . )
check this link . install the su binaries from here than update to latest version . hope this helps .
you should be able to download the latest supersu from chainfire . push that to your nexus 7 using adb push and install it from your custom recovery . i am guessing you have that already ?
if you have " wifi-sleep " on , when the device goes to sleep , the wifi connection will disconnect from the access point . it does not happen right as the device goes to sleep , but a little delay after . it should not drain the battery much more then just having wifi on . of course , if you have very network active apps running , then it may drain it a bit more . but on the other side , if wifi goes to sleep , and you have network active apps , they will just use your mobile connection , if it is available .
one checkmark means that the message has been delivered to whatsapp servers , but has not been delivered to the recipient 's phone . you do not need to send it again , the message will be delivered to the recipient the next time his/her phone connects to the whatsapp servers , assuming you are not blocked . sending it again will not help , since it is already delivered to whatsapp servers .
according to this question on stack overflow iptables is available in android source distribution . users of retail android devices cannot access iptables binary . even android os itself cannot access that binary . this is hard-coded in android . many devices also do not have iptables at all . the only way to access iptables binary is to build your own android images . check out http://randomizedsort.blogspot.com/2010/08/building-android-and-linux-kernel-for.html . once you get comfortable with that process , check out http://randomizedsort.blogspot.com/2011/03/porting-iptables-1410-to-android.html . iptables is a default module in aosp , you can use netfilter to write c code to handle that . for example , you can create an android project , and write a jni file , use ndk-build to compile that , and then adb push the executable to the android file system to execute . and in the mobile end , you can adb shell to it , directly use iptables command as a root user , just like in linux . to check if your device supports iptables : issue the following command in adb shell or in terminal emulator : iptables -L -t nat  alternatively you could try the beta of ip tables app on google play to see if it does what you want . there is also droid wall that you could try . it supports scripts that may help , e.g. $IPTABLES -A "droidwall" --destination "192.168.0.1" -j RETURN 
it might be helpful : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2076327 theh file system could be ext4 - probably the most popular linux file system .
on yesterday 's cyanogenmod nightly , i performed the following steps : unmount the sd card in the ui erase the sd card in the ui ( this recreates the partition table itself and creates a new fat32 fs ) unmount the sd card again , if needed plug in the phone open a shell with adb shell su to root ( this has to be enabled in settings ) run make_ext4fs /dev/block/mmcblk1p1 to create the new ext4 fs mount the sd card in the ui ( you will have to unplug the phone to do this ) reopen the root shell and run chown media_rw:media_rw /mnt/media_rw/sdcard1 to give the folder the expected owner run chmod 775 /mnt/media_rw/sdcard1 to make the sdcard writable having done this , the card is mounted automatically by cyanogenmod , and it can be written to from file managers without root privileges . i also copied music and pictures to the filesystem , and after a reboot , they are indexed and shown in apollo and gallery . i have only been using it for less than a day , but it is been working like a better fat32 fs so far .
i would recommend using haxsync to sync facebook data to your phone , works great for me .
go to contacts . . . . press the left button ( the settings button ) and then accounts . here you can add your facebook account . ( also i guess if you use facebook app , it asks you whether you want to sync contacts or not . )
there is no such thing as an " i747 t999" . the i747 is the model used by at and t . there is no relevant difference between the i747 and the i747m used by bell and telus , or the i747r used by rogers . they are identical as far as software or repairs are concerned . the t999 is a different model used by t-mobile , wind mobile , and possibly others . the only real difference is the supported frequency bands , though this means they are not intercompatible for roms . casings are identical , as are common parts like the camera or screen . i would presume that by " i747 t999" , they mean the part is compatible with both the i747 model and the t999 model , which it should be , as the physical form of them is identical .
try going to /data/media , it should be the same folder as /sdcard . i think the files you are trying to delete might be virtual , i had this exact problem while trying to clean up in /sdcard/Android/data until i realized that i could also find them at the path specified .
make a backup of your data first . every folder and file in the /sdcard/data directory is 0 bytes . this looks like a corrupted filesystem or a defective sdcard ( see correction ) . especially , folders have a usual minimum size of 4.0k . i would suggest you to back up your data first , then check for errors : does " dmesg " show filesystem errors on mmcblk0 or similar ? if so try to backup , reformat sdcard ( see correction ) and restore or replace the faulty sdcard . ( edit ) correction : the galaxy nexus has no sdcard but a unified ext4 filesystem for /data that also includes /sdcard ( which is symlinked to /data/media ) . you might solve the problem with a wipe . but that will also delete all of your /sdcard content too . you might have luck entering recovery and adb'ing into it to fsck . ext4 your /data partition , i am however not sure if your rom supports this command <code> # boot to recovery first ! adb shell cat /proc/partitions # look for the biggest one and replace the ? ? accordingly fsck . ext4 /dev/block/mmcblk ? ? ? </code> here 's an external report about a similar issue : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1541379
from what you said in the comments above , there is a way to change the text colour and the icon colours along with the colour / transparency of the status bar . it requires a rooted phone unfortunately but once rooted download wanam xposed from the play store here is a link wanam xposed work 's on samsung android 4.2+ so you should not have any issues once this is installed it will ask you to install the xposed framework , do not be alarmed it is required and will not harm your phone . once the framework is installed you will be prompted to enable wanam xposed from the new xposed installer , if not you can simply click on xposed installer , click modules and wanam xposed should appear and check the checkbox . now go on wanam xposed , note everytime you make a change it will only appear after a reboot ! you can now go on theme and click either background color ( or colour as it should be : ) ) and this will enable you to select a colour for the status bar , or you can click on the following circle battery color stock battery text color signal icons color clock and date color status bar icons color ( remaining icons ) each of these will change the icons instead of the status bar background colour hope this helps !
s2e moves the whole applicator folder to your ext partition . if you want to move specific applications you need to use something else . something else in this case can be link2sd . you can pick apps and even data to move .
you cannot execute either binary or shell script that resides on the external sdcard due to the execute permission bit being blocked . either move the script temporarily to a location other than sdcard ( if you are not rooted - you are in a bit of a spot there . . . ) after reading the posting on xda , it would appear that something is amiss , notify the developer of that forum and post it there and see what response you get : ) edit : you have that external sdcard treated as mass-storage device . turn that off and see what happens ( had to read all of the thread and some one posted - see #18 there ! )
try using the format +bbaa12345678 in your contacts ( so you replace the 0 by a + sign ) .
you can try if this app works . contact number formatter it works for us telephone numbers , not sure about brazilian numbers .
given that mcafee himself ( who has had nothing to do with the software for years after selling it to intel ) describes the product as " the worst software on the planet " , i would take the refund and be grateful at dodging that bullet . i will not recommend a particular one , but you could buy six copies of a competing android security product for what a year 's subscription to mcafee live safe costs .
i had exaclty the same problem . i use sony xperia z with jelly bean 4.3 the solution that worked for me is like this : 1 . stop contact autosync of google account . 2 . clear all data and cache of contact storage app . after this email app will not autocomplete with gmail contacts . the drawback is that the native gmail app will not autocomplete either . in general i believe this should be fixed in the next patch for android somehow to let me choose from which contacts i want autocomplete to pull . hope this helps ks
go to settings -> apps , swipe to all , scroll and press launcher , then select clear data . your home screen is as good as new : ) update : as suggested by chahk below , a good way to avoid cluttering your homescreen is by going to the play store then going to menu -> settings and un-checking the auto-add widgets option .
it does not look good i am afraid . you would need to be able to see ' something ' relating to the phone from a ' lsusb ' command to be able to use odin to recover your device without cracking it open . you have probably already seen this , but it looks like the jtagbox is your best bet . good luck !
a quick google-fu , which took less than 2 seconds yielded this hit where i got the information from , fyi - keywords without quotes " android gps offline maps " possibly two that might be of interest - navfree navfree is a completely free navigation app that offers turn-by-turn directions , spoken and on-screen instructions , offline map use and address search and live search via google and microsoft bing , among many other features . the maps it uses are available for free download from the navfree store . the map data is stored on your device so there is no need for a constant data connection while driving . it also allows you to browse maps anytime , anywhere without paying for data connections , which means no costly roaming charges when abroad . and the other - mapdroyd mapdroyd features world-wide off-line maps powered by openstreetmap . experience true unplugged vector maps avoiding expensive network connections . apparently , there is a way to do this - as documented over on xda which enables you to create your offline maps for storage and to be used by the likes of google maps etc . . . hope it helps ! : )
asus released an update , and it is been 2 weeks since it happened
evernote has their own login-data which has nothing to do with your google-account . perhaps you just used the wrong password ?
un-installing the app and installing it back again , fixed it .
mhl is a new wire protocol , using very clever signalling technology to use very few wires to transmit a lot of data : 1080p video , 7.1 channel surround sound , and rcp remote control data . mhl also uses the existing power lines on usb to allow the tv to power the connected device . when connected to an mhl display , the display controller on the phone speaks the mhl protocol just like it would speak the hdmi protocol to an hdmi display . the mhl standard itself is just the signalling protocol : it does not specify what connectors are used . this allows the micro-usb connector on a phone to detect when it is being used for mhl , and switch to speaking the mhl protocol . apart from the connector , there is no relationship between mhl and usb , so you can not use a usb hub : the cable has to connect directly to the device . hdcp hdcp on mhl works in exactly the same way as over an hdmi or displayport connection : the intention is that only consuming devices with a valid , unrevoked device key can perform key exchange and thus decipher the content . see the wikipedia page on hdcp if you want to learn about that , or about why the intended behaviour is not the actual behaviour . mhl connections there are three types of cable . the first is not an adaptor at all : it is just a cable for connecting an mhl producer such as a phone to an mhl consumer such as a tv . you can only use this if your tv supports mhl and has the appropriate connector . the second is the 5-pin micro-usb-to-hdmi adaptor you have mentioned . you can still only use this if your tv supports mhl , but it means the tv does not need a special port . it does not use the hdmi protocol , or convert any signals : it is just a cable with a micro-usb connector on one end and an hdmi connector on the other . the third is the 11-pin micro-usb-to-hdmi adaptor . this is needed for newer samsung phones , which are incompatible with the 5-pin adaptors . only the connection to the device is different : as far as the tv is concerned , it works the same as the 5-pin adaptor , and the tv must still support mhl . as you have surmised , the use for the extra pins is that 11-pin cables support using usb-on-the-go at the same time : the adaptor is y-shaped , with a micro-usb connector at one end , and hdmi and micro-usb connectors at the other . the usb part works as normal and can be used with hubs , either in host mode or peripheral mode . displaylink the other thing you have seen , a " usb to hdmi convertor " , is for pcs . software running on the pc acts as an extra framebuffer , and uses proprietary compression technology to compress the video stream so that it can be sent on a normal usb link . the compression protocol is secret , and optimized for sending computer guis rather than movies . the hdmi end of the convertor has enough processing power inside it to decompress the stream into a framebuffer , which it sends over hdmi to the connected screen . the technology is developed and owned by displaylink ( formerly newnham technologies ) , based near me in cambridge , gb . because they rely heavily on software running on the producer , they do not support android , and likely never will . and because the compression protocol is secret and proprietary , the open-source community will not be able to supply a driver either . these devices use the standard usb protocol , so they work with hubs , but of course any delay or bandwidth contention caused by other devices will make the display laggy and add compression artifacts .
link2sd will not move apps to sdcard but it will link 2nd partition with system 1 ) format your 2nd partition of sdcard and try it
as far as i know this is not really possible . but there are apps available in the play store that implement a panic button where you can place a button on your home screen ( and maybe also your lock screen , but i have not it yet ) . one of those apps i found is red panic button . but you can also have a look in the play store yourself if you search for something like panic button etc .
there are several shutdown apps on the market , they all needed root . you can combine them with widgetlocker and put their icons on your lockscreen for quick shutdown .
not gingerbread-specific , but according to ohloh , android was created using : c c++ java others
it was hard to take screenshots on 1st generation kindle fire tablet . you had to android sdk etc and connect to your computer etc just to take a screenshot . we are used to print screen function on computers . how to take screenshot of kindle fire hd or kindle fire 2 1 . press and hold volume down and power buttons simultaneously . your kindle fire screen flickers and takes a snapshot of tablet screen . you can find the saved screenshot images in photos > screenshots . make sure to select device tab at the top as shown below . you can send saved screenshot via email , skype etc . i did not any option to send them via bluetooth . it seems kindle fire has limited sharing options .
i am running cm 6.1 as well and i have a bug in my market that if you have , may solve your problem . my app updates get stuck sometimes and i have noticed if i cancel . an update the app no longer shows up as needs to be updated , or even installed , although it stays in my dl list . you could try starting the update then cancelling mid download . for me these apps in limbo do not give the update notification .
i do not think there is a way to disable market update notifications for a single app right now . in order to disable update notifications for all apps in the market , open the market app , press the menu button , choose settings . in the notification drop down , select do not notify me .
as sparx said , depending on how you rooted , you can " unroot " with an app if you only rooted your device and did nothing else . if you modified android , by say , removing some bloatware , or flashed another rom on your device , then you will need to use something like kies , odin or heimdall to flash back the stock rom . flashing back the stock rom can replace all traces of any software modification that you have done to the device . this can include the os , boot , and kernel . i have never used kies so i can not speak about how good that works . kies is the " official " update tool for the devices . i have used odin in the past . it is a samsung product , but it is basically a leaked software that is used internally . heimdall is an open source alternative to odin that works on other platforms besides windows . it uses the same protocols that odin uses . if you do go any of the " flashing stock " routes , try to search for someone giving instructions exactly how to do it . the community is very large , and someone has already done it . if you look , you can find their step by step instructions that you can follow .
i do not know what version of android you are using , but here 's what you can try - go to settings > wireless and networking > wi-fi settings . in this screen , press the menu button and then advanced . click wifi sleep policy and set it to never . this helps in retaining the wifi connection . if you have a weak wifi signal to begin with , then the best tip is to move your device closer to the wifi access point to increase signal strength .
wifi connections work by talking to a local wireless access point so , basically , you need to be within reach of one . public access points can be found in pubs , coffee shops and the like . you may also have one at home .
i believe that google can and will update their system apps like gmail , market , search and youtube ( i think that is still system app ) . there have been plenty times that the market updates itself , without any interaction from the user . i have not seen them actually update anything automatically , except the market , but if you have a " with google " phone , i am sure there is some blurb somewhere that says they may update the applications without you knowing , or something .
the power button is handled at a very low level by something like a watchdog , so if it is not working , the problem is probably in hardware , not software . that means it probably needs physically replacing . take it to a repair shop and have them check it out . even if you do not think you did anything to break it , it could be the result of an earlier impact : e.g. it cracked the circuit board , but only after continued use has the crack broken the electrical circuit .
i hope you use clockworkmod , reflash the custom rom after clearing the cache , factory reset , etc , . if the problem exist try flashing other roms and see if the problems is due to the custom rom . if you are having the problem only when using the first custom rom , then contact the developer of the custom rom and ask tell him about your problem .
digging into the packagemanagerservice class on grepcode ( warning : this class file is huge , your browser may chug a fair bit when rendering it ) , the optimizing message is displayed in the following context : here the value of com.android.internal.R.string.android_upgrading_apk is the string " optimizing application " . in layman 's terms , it loops through each application on the device , updates the message on the screen by calling showBootMessage() and then calls performDexOptLI() on the application . so naturally , the next question is " what does performDexOptLI() do ? " well here 's what that looks like : so this invokes the dexopt utility on all of the applications that need it . it is difficult to find any simple documentation regarding dexopt , but there is a high-level overview here . suffice it to say , it is being used by the just in time ( jit ) compiler to create optimized . dex files that help improve the performance of the apps on your device and it outputs them into the vm cache . the reason it stores the . dex files in the cache is because otherwise it would have to re-extract them any time you want to run the app ( the . apk is just an archive , it is not an executable file ! ) . thus , it makes sense to just keep them in the /data/dalivk-cache directory to reuse them , and dexopt performs some optimizations during the initial extraction while it is at it . tl ; dr ( or non-programmer summary , i guess ) : it is rebuilding the dalvik cache .
you do not mention which android version is running on your device . with &lt ; 4.0 , chances are close to zero : without root access , you cannot access those places . with 4.0 and up , you theoretically would have the possibility to use adb backup ( see e.g. our backup tag-wiki ) . thing is , you have to approve that from your device by tapping " ok " on the authentication popup  which is not possible with a broken screen . tl ; dr : it is not possible .
i wrote an app that might be able to help you - free busy silent mode . you can use the location feature in your office , and it shall auto silent/vibrate your phone when you are inside the radius
this is not built-in functionality , but it is something you could achieve with a trigger/event app such as tasker . this kind of app runs in the background , and lets you configure certain actions to take ( such as turning off the ringer ) when certain events occur ( such as seeing a particular wi-fi network ) . tasker 's not the only such app , but it is very complete and has some users who contribute to this site , which means that if you have questions setting it up you can probably get them answered here . see tasker .
i personally recommend automateit . not only can it achieve what you are wishing for , but it can also save you some battery life too . the app lets you scan surrounding cell towers in order to determine location . so in this manner you can silence your phone as soon as it connects to a nearby cell tower at your workplace . this way you save some juice by not having to keep your wifi on to determine location . give it a try , and if you love it enough , upgrade to the pro version to make fancier rules that can better suit your needs .
the llama - location profiles application should help too . this application uses phone masts around you to determine your location and switch profiles . llama uses phone masts to determine your location , so that you can change your ringer , vibrate and ringtones depending on where you are as well as the time of day . llama provides you with sound profiles so you can quickly switch between quiet , loud , silent and normal sound settings . you can set your family , wife and children to ring even if your phone is set to silent ! you can create events and home screen shortcuts to manage your sound profiles and more : -silence your phone at work -turn your bluetooth on ready to connect your headset for a morning run -set your phone quiet when it is late at night and you have not gone out -start the music player when a headset is connected
look under settings / applications / memory then narrow down to " running " , and see what is taking room . before i found " running " , i noticed that nfs shift and let 's golf took a very large amount of " memory " ( akin to disk space ) so uninstalled them . then under running , i could see if there were any things running that i did not want , in my case skype was running ( i use the chat ) , imo was running ( i use the chat ) , etc . but if i would have found things i did not want running i would see what i could do with them .
the best solution is to swap the ' storage memory 's ' . it is to swap internal to external and external to internal . if your phone 's rooted it may be easy just to edit a file ( depending on the model ) . so better search How to Swap Internal and External for your model . better search xda forums .
no , there is no way to increase internal memory ; this is installed at the factory and is fixed . you can , however , free up existing space on your internal memory by removing apps , cleaning out caches and deleting end user files that are stored there . modifying stock apps ( ie , removing bloatware ) usually requires a rooted device , and will prevent you from receiving over the air updates as well as most likely voiding your warranty .
it is possible that the usb cable is designed for charging only ( i.e. . not a data cable ) , or is of poor quality . off-topic : although not a usb cable , i have encountered otg cables that could not detect a usb drive . in this case , it was a poor ( or defective ) otg cable ; other cables were able to detect the usb drive . related posts ( external ) : all micro usb cables are not created equal ?
as you have already tested , trying out different browsers might be a good alternative . i suggest you try either boat browser or dolphin browser . my stand for chrome browser still remains . it is still an immature browser , and lacks many features / add-ons that are available in other browsers .
the skype application description in the market lists the list of devices that supports video calling . as of skype 2.5.0.108 , video calling is supported on these tablets : samsung galaxy tab 7 ( wifi , verizon , sprint , plus ) htc flyer samsung galaxy tab 10.1 ( t-mobile ) acer iconia tablet ( a500 ) motorola xoom acer iconia smart devices that are not listed may still be able to do video calling , but skype says that the video quality may not be as good as on supported devices . check out skype 's application description page for the latest list of supported devices .
turns out the answer to this problem was quite simple , in order to disable google play store ( 1 ) first , you must have version 4.8.2 installed ( just replace it in /system/app with the new com . android . vending . apk ) download a root service from the store called " disable service " ( again make sure root is installed and the app is given root permission ) now , in the disable service app , navigate to the system app tab and find google play store . tap on it and you will get a list of services scroll to the bottom and uncheck " check wifi and update " service . you will see a " please wait " notification , and at the bottom busybox should appear , notifying you that the app was given root access exit the app and voila ! google play store will never update itself or google play services ever again ( unless you install a new version , in which case you would need to repeat the process )
deleting the MarketUpdater.apk disintegrates google services from the phone .
in the system folder there should be marketupdater . apk . if you delete that file , play store will not update itself anymore . nothing else should be affected though .
you can stop apps being auto updating in the following way . go to google play store app . click the menu button and click settings select Auto-update apps under general choose Do-not auto update apps
first , you must have version 4.8.2 installed ( just replace it in /system/app with the new com . android . vending . apk ) instructions ( found https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ji6ynspaz8 ) : root , install supersu install busybox , then terminal emulator stop whatever internet access on your android , or it will silently auto-update store , making your hard typing work useless open settings -> app manager and find play store . tap on it . it will open properties window . there will be button uninstall updates . tap on it , click yes on " replace with factory version ? " question . because there is no internet connection , this is the moment the play store could not be updated . let 's use it . open terminal emulator and type commands one by one ( numbers are just for order , do not type them ) : su ( at this time supersu app will ask you for granting root access for terminal emulator app , click grant access ) touch /data/app/com.android.vending-1.apk chattr +i /data/app/com.android.vending-1.apk enjoy ! regardless of internet connection , play store is now has version you need , not google . this might work for play store 4.8 and up , but i did not test it .
try the app purchased apps . you can now browse and install your previous application purchases . it shows only applications that you purchased , you do not have to dig through hundreds of free apps anymore .
https://play.google.com/apps should show all the apps you have purchased under my apps . you had probably have to work out which one of those apps is the one you are thinking about though
i think what you want is the my orders page . this is reachable from the play store web site by under the " gear " menu in the upper right . i see all of the things i have purchased from google play , including apps , music , etc . for what it is worth , there does not appear to be a way to get a list of your orders from within the play store app . however , i do see a list of transactions in my google wallet app , although admittedly they are not all necessarily from the play store .
your google wallet shows all the transactions you made within googles websites . since its your bank statement that shows a payment to google , it could be a range of things you paid for . visit wallet . google . com and in the transactions tab you will find all the purchases with name , date and value . when you click the transaction it shows you what you purchased , and even the credit card you used .
while the permission might make sense , the explanation does not at all . to my knowledge , READ_PHONE_STATE has nothing at all to do with a firewall or networking . it is a read permission ( so what could that have to do with passing a firewall ? ) , giving access to your imei/imsi and phone number lets the app figure out whether a call is in progress if a call is in progress , gives access to the phone number of the remote device i bet the app has the INTERNET permission as well ( confirmed as per google play link you provided ) . the app is free of charge . minimum android version is 2.0 , so READ_PHONE_STATE was not forced on it ( it is enforced for android versions up to 1.6 ) . so i rather assume it carries some ad module which requires this permission : the combination of INTERNET and READ_PHONE_STATE is very common to those ( it needs to obtain the ad information , and most likely uses your imei to identify you -- in a positive sense , to see what ads have already been shown ; but of course it could as well be used otherwise ) . if you have already installed that app , you can verify this using e.g. lookout ad network detector or trustgo ad detector . you could also check with addons detector to see if it carries any other module piggie-back ( e . g . for analytics , which again would explain READ_PHONE_STATE to identify your device ) . second thought : why would that app need to get through the phone 's firewall ( if there were any ) ? is not it supposed to do connections to the outside ? if that would require anything else but the INTERNET permission , what should the INTERNET permission stand for ?
enable usb debugging from settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Development then connect your phone to a machine that has superoneclick installed . open superoneclick , click the root button and . . . viola : )
you should be able to set the lock screen in Settings &gt; Lock screen &gt; Screen security .
try setting - - > personalize - - > lock screen style
you have to actually open the app from the launcher icon to get it to show up in your recent apps . another case of it not showing up is when you access it via the notification bar when you click on your email notifications .
if you have not opened the application in a while , it will naturally disappear from the list of recent apps . try opening it with the widget and then going back to the home screen . if gmail is once again under you list of recent apps , you just have not opened it in a while . if it does not appear at all , then the widget you are using does not add gmail as a recent app .
every program under ' settings ' - ' applications ' , ' manage applications ' has , when clicked a ' clear data ' button . this should do what you want . as far as i know , you will have to be rooted to have a program does this for you .
backup your apps using astro file manager or mybackuppro or titanium backup . then perform a factory reset to wipe everything . finally , from the backups , restore the apps , but not the data . ( most backup apps allow you to do this . ) be warned that some apps store data on the storage card , so a fresh install might still pick up the old data off your sd card . be sure to erase your sd card too .
it does not work with my hp wireless printer :- ( at the moment google cloud print requires a pc connected to the printer - hardware manufacturers are supposedly going to release printers with the software built in - but seeing as the software is nowhere near complete . . . it could be years and you will need a new printer ! the hp printer has its own method for mobile printing though . hp have a system where you send a special address your documents as email attachments and the printer will print them . the same printer works fine with iphone directly . my wife just taps print and it prints her documents . . . i think android needs to get printing using existing standards asap .
judging from other apps , i would suspect the answer to be samsung printers only . that being said , hp has eprint , but google 's cloud print offers printing for older models of printers as well regardless of make .
it does require a samsung printer . from the android market description : compatible with samsung wireless and networked printers only thanks for mentioning the app . it did not come pre-installed on my phone and i do have a samsung wireless printer .
follow them , then go to their profile and star them ( it is next to the follow button ) . you will now get notifications whenever they tweet .
user2183694 suggested that i run byobu attach-session , but when i did that , the byobu screen would come up for a split-second then quickly pop-up at the bottom the message : cannot exec 'attach session': no such file or directory  then it would drop back to the normal terminal . this at least gave me hope that it could work on the phone . then i tried just byobu , which gave me the error : ERROR: Sessions should be nested with care. Remove 'screen' from $TERM to force.  echo $TERM responds with : screen  but even using TERM= byobu responds with : Please set a terminal type.  so i tried screen -r , which gave me the self-contradictory message : There is a screen on: 3658.byobu (12/01/14 21:03:57) (Attached) There is no screen to be resumed.  but i discovered that screen -r -d works ! unfortunately the -d detaches any other screen connections ( eg from my other pc ) , but at least it works . i do not know why i have to detach other sessions , i can actually reconnect them from another pc after connecting from the phone without problems though . if anyone knows how to do it without detaching existing sessions , that would be good . tldr use screen -r -d
you should be able to use the attach-session command to attach your existing byobu session . byobu attach-session 
if you have wifi access in your place and the tablet is rooted , you can try adbwireless to see if adb runs well in your tablet . if it works then the problem may be your broken usb cable or usb connector .
are you in the groups permission to access this , on mine ( arch 64bit ) its and my user id is under the group called ' androiddev ' to add your user id to the group , sudo usermod user_id -G androiddev -a
that depends on your android version and device , but based on what you said it seems like you should be able to . you can try volume in settings , or you can download volume control and control various different volume levels and settings . several attempts to get this are posted here , but it does not seem like some devices have it .
i have found that cyanogenmod has something like this , but i did not really want to install that just for easier volume controls . i found that there is an xposed module called gravitybox that includes this . it included a lot of other stuff that i did not care about too , but thankfully someone extracted this specific feature and repackaged it as expandablevolume . i installed that , and it works great now ! ! example 1 example 2
i like slider widget - volumes . a small widget that gives control of the screen brightness and the sound volume directly from your home screen . you can easily manage those with the widget 's slider or your hardware buttons . with a double click , you can also use the buttons to toggle . slider widget shows 6 categories ( e . g brightness or ring volume ) , which you can choose from 7 categories ( more below ) . you can also change the order of the categories displayed in slider widget .
if you do not need them anymore , then you should be able to delete them . i am not familiar with zinio , but is there a way to safely delete the magazines within the application ? i would try that first . deleting these files may cause app instability if it is expecting them to be there ( when they are not ) . try moving them somewhere else ( do not delete them just yet ) and see how the application behaves with them " missing/moved " .
summarized answer : the main issue your facing is that you are using smartassv2/ondemandx that was developed for stock kernels . but you are using it with a non stock kernel , the cyanogenmod 7.2 . see bellow a summary for each of them . useful reading : a beginners guide to android kernels smartassv2/ondemandx governors stock kernel is the factory firmware . if you are using smartassv2/ondemandx governors , they are modules for phones with stock kernels because they do not have ' smartass ' or ondemandx ' governors : xda developers forum :: smartassv2/ondemandx governors for rooted/stock rom | 2012-02-24 last updated : by andyx ; 16th may 2012 at 07:47 am . this modules are for people with stock kernels because they do not have ' smartass ' or ondemandx ' governors . differences between this modules and build in stock kernels : allows to set max cpu freq when screen is off ( to save battery ) , allows to set starting cpu freq when phone awakes ( to speed up awake process ) , allows set/change almost all aspects of governor ( to suite needs ) , should be a bit more responsive when parameters are well chosen for smartassv2 governor . cyanogenmod 7.2.0-rc1 the current cyanogenmod 7.2.0-rc1 u8160 port status is stable , but there are some known issues reported . already fixed reboot related issues : v0.9 ( 20120203 ) : hotfix 4test5 [ 21 feb ] : revert longterm patches due to random reboot issue . v0.7 - 22 january 2012: kernel stability fix ( disabled sched_hrtick due to instability/random reboot issue ) . note : check your version . the latest is v1.3 released at 2012-06-25 . use the link bellow to get detailed information about the development and what users are reporting . if you have got a version above v0.9 , consider reporting your issue , thus allowing the developer to deal with it . if your version is not the latest , consider changing to it . xda developers forum :: huawei u8160/u8180 cyanogenmod 7.2.0-rc1 u8160 port latest release : v1.3 last updated : by psyke83 ; 25th june 2012 at 01:57 pm . thread responses : 3830
if you have wiped everything you have probably wiped the system partition meaning there is nothing to boot up to . try following the steps here to install a factory image which will wipe your device and completely re-install everything . if this does not work then it is likely that there is a hardware issue , which due to you having the screen replaced is unlikely to be covered under warranty ( nor will google/lg take responsibility for it )
it is entirely possible for a malicious app to become available through it . however , the same can be said for any other software distribution system . the app store is not immune to sneaky devs either . never assume that any software distributor offers 100% safe software . whether you are using windows , osx , ios , android , linux , unix , freebsd , or any os , the only person who should be responsible for your security is you , yourself . when installing software , make sure that you trust the vendor and the app itself , regardless of how much you trust the supplier . if you trust rovio , then angry birds is going to be just as safe on ios as it is on android , or any other platform it is available on .
we do not compare apples with peaches . but it is always a good idea to be careful what you install . true , google play is to be considered one of the safest sources for android apps . still , some malware sneaks in every now and then . so you should use some common sense before hitting the " install " button . things to look at include ( but might not be restricted to ) : what permissions are required ? though not always easy to decide , there are some things which can count as indicators  e.g. taking a simple calculator app , it certainly does not need access to your contacts , calendars , system settings , etc . how is it rated ? i am not talking about " naked numbers " , but check the comments . they might give you useful hints on whether it is safe to install . also , an app installed several thousands of times with no traces of maliciousness in the comments should be considerably safer than an app with almost no installs and no comments . should it be a very popular app , but only has few installs ? that is in most cases a clear indicator for malware , hiding behind a popular name . better keep your hands off those . aside of that : in case you are still unsure , pick a good forum and ask . another good idea is to check other apps from the same developer ( just follow the link on his name ) , and use above criteria on them .
there may be malicious apps on google play , but google will detect them , remove them and issue a remote uninstall command that will remove it from your device . there may be malicious apps , but they will be gone within a day .
anyone who has any experience programming and working on both android and ios apps can tell you that there are most certainly malicious apps on the play store . here 's the deal : in order to publish your app to apple 's app store you have to submit it to apple for review . oh , and you also have to pay them $99 per year and jump through some other hoops . either way , apple goes through your app 's code line by line ( or at least that is what they claim ) and verify there is not malicious code . as a lot of devs can tell you , it is not hard to get an app rejected and not all that uncommon to have to resubmit . the end result is that the apple app store is about as safe as it gets . not perfect , but as far as safety it does not get much safer . now , if i develop and app for android i can basically just upload it to the play store . i will need to create a developer account , but that is all i have to do . if my app contains known viruses or malware google will eventually catch it and remove it from the app store . the important thing to keep in mind about android is that it really is closer to windows in that you can easily mess around and download an app or apps that can steal your personal information , slow your system down due to poor design or ads , and any number of other things . my best advice is to pay very close attention to an apps permissions and if in doubt just do not install it . also , even if you do not usually read reviews on ios devices , i would recommend that you at least take a look at the reviews for any lesser known android app you are considering installing . you can find out pretty quickly if the app has been causing other users problems with their devices . for this reason , i would not recommend just indiscriminately downloading every single app that looks interesting on android . you really should be savvy enough to pay attention and protect yourself . in addition to programming i have also worked for a few years in the mobile industry and i can tell that i hated to see older users get androids because they would end up with so much crap on their phone and then wonder why it did not work the way they wanted . if this is you , then you maybe you should go with apple . if you do not mind paying attention to what you are doing then android will treat you very well ! hope this helps .
it is possible for there to be malicious apps on google play . however , there are a number of things that you can do to protect yourself : check the permissions that an app requests when installing . if it looks excessive for what the app does , then you can email the developer and ask why they need the permissions they ask for . most developers should be happy to do this , although it may take a while to get a response . look at the amount of downloads and reviews . if it does not have many downloads then be more cautious . it does not however , mean that the app is malicious , just that you need to check more yourself . if it has a lot of 1-2 star reviews then i would probably stay clear as well . if it is a popular app ( such as need for speed , riptide gp etc . ) that is normally a paid for app , but you find a free version then be very careful . a common tactic by malware authors is to pose as popular apps but actually they install malware on your device . essentially you have to use common sense . if in doubt do not install the app . google does have a system called bouncer which scans all apps uploaded to the play store which has reduced the amount of malicous apps but it is not 100% guaranteed .
this is definitely due incompatibilites between the ril and the baseband/modem firmware . the ril or the radio-interface layer are the libraries ( shared-objects ) that allow the phone to talk with the modem firmware . i found this issue on the cyanogemod jira : https://jira.cyanogenmod.org/browse/cyan-2172 if you read the comments , you will see that people have solved this issue by flashing a compatible firmware . since i am now running cyanogenmod 11 , i dug around xda and found a leaked 4.4 firmware for my device . it was packed in a cwm-flashable zip so i flashed it and voila . please remember to backup your device , your current modem/baseband and the ril files . flashing a new ril is not necessary always but helps .
its the data option you need to dial ##data# and touch edit then enter your 6 digit msl codeyou get from your carrier . then touch more then touch hdr/1x selection . from there you chose your preferred method it probably was on evdo only but check cdma or cdma lte if you get 4g . now you touch back button til you asked to recycle phone after that you should see signal bar once restarted . hope this helps .
this is usually because you have very low signal ( ie no bars ) but are still connected to the network . does it ever show any signal bars or is it just when you are in certain locations ? can you provide a screenshot of the status page ( go to settings > about > status ) which shows the signal strength ? this might help to see how much signal you have . edit : your signal strength values look way off . . . on my nexus 4 ( and all other android devices i have owned ) these values are more like -85dbm 14asu did you flash a new radio when you went to cyanogenmod ? i would suggest looking for the latest radio available for your device ( probably start on xda ) and see if that makes any difference .
well , one that comes to mind - if application is removed from market or is not listed as compatible for your device , restoring from google account is one way of getting those applications . i did it with " fml official " and " amazon " applications when they were not available on nexus 7 2013 - " backed " them up on my samsung s2 and " restored " on nexus 7 . and , of course , for some applications settings are restored too .
as david said , you can restore an unsupported app from a previous backup , or you can restore the data of that app ( e.g. saves in a game ) . when you install an app from the play store , you are limited to what is available for your country ( unless you are rooted then there some ways to go around it ) and even if you install an app that you previously had , the data will not be restored . google play store just backs up your apps names so when you restore through the play store , the data is not restored .
partial answer , once i figured out the general principle - touch random places on the screen , and this app . sometimes produces briefly visible icons that apparently the designers find cooler and easier to use than using the menu button on the phone , or even an always visible icon on the screen . . . . if i swipe vaguely near the lower left of the camera app 's screen ( upper right of the device 's screen ; these positions are always in landscape orientation , whereas my device [ and i ] prefer portait ) i can make a small square image briefly appear ; this image contains a thumbnail of the most recent picture i have taken . when tapped , i can see that picture . i can then side scroll to get to earlier pictures . if i again touch the lower left of the camera app 's window - which can be reoriented back to portrait when in this state - i get a set of 3 icons + a date at the bottom of the window , and one at the upper left . the date appears to be the date the picture was taken . if i click the first icon from the left , looking like 2 upward pointing diverging arrows , i get a menu : photo share amazon send to kindle bluetooth email gmail picasa print to retail text messaging then a label " downloaded apps " concur i guess i can send the picture to any program i wish , provided it is on the cell phone . how amazingly useful . the circled arrow - 2nd from the left - talks about a " quick upload " app . which requires me to set up a " default quick upload account " to use it . no clue where it would be uploaded , or what privacy might apply . the downward pointing arrow - on the far right - offers me the following list more ( that turned out to be a header , unclickable ) delete set as edit print picture info the icon at the upper left that looked like a camera takes me back to picture taking mode so , ( 1 ) it is possible to see what pictures you have taken . ( 2 ) it is probably possible to get access to the files from other computers , by mailing them to one 's gmail account , then downloading the attachments - much more " convenient " than having access to the image files - not . ( i say probably because i have not yet tried this . perhaps it will turn out that there are more bugs here , or another layer of impenetrable user interface ) ( 3 ) the files themselves are not made available directly to the unfortunate user/owner of the device .
not that i have found . it is just different names for the same phone . ( a pretty standard marketing practice . ) some more info here : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/htc_dream
as far as i am aware , you can not actually sync the birthdays to your contacts . it is however possible to sync your facebook events ( including birthdays ) to your android calendar . all you need to do is add your facebook calendar to your google calendar . you can find out how to do this here
it should be located under android settings > location and security . but you need apps that support this feature in order to make full use of it . if you have a google apps or an exchange account your admin will be able to use the corresponding features like password reset etc . certain apps ( examples : llama / widgetlocker / wavesecure ) when made as device administrators are then allowed a higher level of access to system features .
quick answer : /storage/emulated/&lt;user_id_number&gt;  details : unless possibly exploring the file-system with root permissions , the primary user cannot copy the files around . it is easiest for the restricted user to use a file explorer or some wifi uploader , like airdroid , to upload the needed files from his or her account . i will experiment and report more later , but for now , use airdroid or similar from the restricted account to upload the needed files .
they are stored in /mnt/shell/emulated/  i have just created a restricted profile and it created a new folder in there with the name "10" , the main admin users folder is "0" . you should be able to copy the files into the relevant place within these folders to get mine craft to pick them up . ( this was done on the 2012 nexus 7 but i do not think it will be any different )
i had a similar problem with subway surfers . i finally found that profile data was under : /data/user/&lt;user_id_number&gt;  hope this helps .
as other said , you just can not . because , every new version of android comes with its ' new feature written within its ' package ( which we know as firmware ) so , if you want to have those there is no way . but , still , you can have some taste of newer version of android on your old one by replacing your stock application with 3rd party application . in some cases , those applications are way better then the stock one . for example you can use a 3rd party dialer and sms app replacing the stock one . how to ? well off-course you have to be rooted . then use any app that can uninstall system app and make any 3rd party app as system app . in my case i depend on link2sd to do this job . this is the only way you can get the flavor of newly release features on your old stock firmware ( android version ) . hope that helps .
short answer : no ! that would cause the handset to boot-loop or cause f/c ( force close ) as ice cream sandwich and later , their apps are relying on the v4 . x framework . by bringing it across to gingerbread could spell disaster and " weird " issues with the handset . however , bringing across gingerbread 2.3 . x apps across to ice cream sandwich should work , ( paradox ahead . . . ) as ics upwards would have compatibility layer within their framework for running apps that target below ics ! hope this part makes sense !
use the adapter that allow to connect wired headset . the smartphone switchs automatically to the wired headphone if inserted .
this is how i would fix the problem on a galaxy s4 . open up the following menus in your phone ( with the s5 , they may be slightly different ) : settings accounts email settings primary account sync settings size to retrieve emails within this menu , you should be able to adjust the settings ( on your phone ) for " size to retrieve emails " and " while roaming " . make sure both of these settings are set to download more than " just headers " .
this is likely a bug introduced in one of the latest updates to galaxy s5 . the functionality was working before for my phone : emails downloaded and you could set the size , but it stopped working during the summer ( and i remember there was a system update downloaded ) . i am also using exchange email on my galaxy s5 and see the same symptoms ( headers only downloaded , cannot change setting from headers only ) . i have a second imap account configured , and that works normally ( you can change the settings and message body is downloaded ) . unfortunately i have not found a fix to this bug .
i had the same problem . turn off your phone and then press both the power button and the volume down button at the same time and it will do a factory reset .
i ended up being too reluctant to downgrade again ! apparently lg have finally released an australian update so i just downloaded a stock p990 froyo rom , installed it via cwm , wiped data and cache , and everything works fine now ! it even fixed a bunch of issues i was having with usb drivers .
after restoring your backup of the original firmware , in recovery select Wipe Data/Factory Reset  this way you have the original firmware ( except for the recovery partition ) but without any user data .
i have experienced this problem myself . when you install cyanogenmod it changes the filesystem type to ext4 . however , your stock 2x backup almost definitely used the ext3 filesystem . if you want to revert to a stock rom on the 2x after trying cyanogenmod then the following tool can convert your filesystem type back to ext3: http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1021549 just download the zip and apply it like a normal rom in nandroid or clockworkmod . once it is done just restore your backup as normal .
i got solution : i just clean battery node and it is work .
some network-branded devices use a virtual cd-rom device to supply their own tethering software . if your phone 's tethering is not restricted and the device created is empty , i would say it is safe to ignore it .
turn off any battery saver app , as i selected the wifi sleep mode to never , but it kept switching off , i then uninstalled the battery saver app . . voila now skype works un-interrupted .
normally skype should stay connected on both networks , wifi or 3g . and it should also stay connected when your phone goes to sleep . so there are two things that could be your problem : 1- maybe your provider is blocking skype from the 3g network , in this case follow @matthew read answer : settings -> wireless and network -> wi-fi settings -> then press the menu button , choose advanced , and change the wi-fi sleep policy to " never " . 2- make sure that the background data usage is enabled in settings -> data synchronization -> background data . if not , applications are not allowed to use data while the phone is on sleep .
android shuts of wifi after a certain time by default , sometimes as little as 15 seconds after the phone is locked . to change the timeout period , go to : Settings -&gt; Wireless and network -&gt; Wi-Fi settings  then press the menu button , choose advanced , and change the wi-fi sleep policy to " never " .
i know that chrome for android ( not the android stock browser ) does have websocket support , and you can set a default homepage , not sure about fullscreen mode though .
i know that dolphin was a web browser specifically designed for the android platform . it was so successful it was then introduced for ios devices . i do not know if it will accomplish your needs , but if it can not then . . . you can get it from google play store . alternatively you may like to try maxathon cloud based browser http://www.maxthon.com/
motorola charm has a proximity sensor located on the upper left corner ; as stated in motorola charm product support site , external lighting conditions will affect this sensor . my suggestion is : each time you need to use the touchscreeen while making a call , try to " trick " the proximity sensor illuminating it with a flashlight or led , so the sensor " thinks " that you have moved away the smartphone , thus re-enabling the touchscreen circuits . if you do not have any of these items on hand , look for a place with bright light toward which to move yourself/your phone .
what the phone 's essentially asking you here is , do you want to use only 2g data networks , only 3g data networks , or automatically switch between them depending which is best ? the gsm setting will give you access to 2g ( and 2.5g ) data networks using gprs or edge data standards and speeds . wcdma will give you access to 3g networks ( using either normal 3g or hsdpa standards and speeds ) . the normal setting would be auto , which lets the phone automatically select the best ( normally fastest ) data network that it can pick up in the area that you are currently in , but as this involves using all the 2g and 3g chips and antennae this uses more power than forcing the phone to always use one or the other . the downside to picking gsm is that it will stop your phone connecting to high speed 3g data networks , but will save power as the 3g ( wcdma ) chips and antenna will not be used . the downside to picking wcdma is that it will stop your phone from using 2g networks at all ( so if you are in an area with no 3g support , then your phone will have no data signal ) but if you are in an area that you know has good 3g signal , then selecting this will save power .
out of the box , no . lg 768 user manual lg devices do not have the full device encryption capability with the stock rom , but you can always install an app to deal with that : sse - universal encryption secret space encryptor ( s . s.e. ) password manager , message ( text ) encryption and file encryption integrated in the all-in-one solution . store and manage all your passwords in one secure place protected with one master password . keep your messages , notes and other texts safe from unintended readers . securely encrypt your private and confidential files or whole folders . wiping ( secure delete ) feature is included . everything is encrypted using strong encryption algorithm : aes ( rijndael ) 256bit , rc6 256bit , serpent 256bit , blowfish 256bit/448bit , twofish 256bit and gost 256bit ciphers are available . other utils : password generator , clipboard cleaner , algorithm benchmark , . . . minimal permissions . no ads . cross-platform ( windows , linux , mac os x , . . . ) gui version and command line version of the file encryptor is available on the application home page ( download section ) . this software is open source project  we have nothing to hide , so you can have securely hidden everything you need . ( as open source , this software is published under tsu - 740.13 ( e ) encryption export license exception )
if you really want to delete or replace system files ''at your own risk " , first make sure you are rooted . then install nq mobile security . from the home screen of nq , slide to the left to access rom app manager . once you are there , make sure you back up the file before uninstalling it so you can restore it if anything goes south . good luck and just say thank you if i help !
if you really just want to remove it ( which , fair warning , may cause problems with the system ; i have no idea ) you can : use adb to delete the . apk file : adb shell rm /system/app/Camera.apk . you may need to first elevate to root ( adb shell and then su from the shell ) . use titanium backup to uninstall it a potentially safer route that people take is to use titanium backup pro to " freeze " the app , causing it to essentially act as though it is uninstalled without actually removing it ( so it can be " defrosted " later if needed ) . this does require the pro version , though .
the camera app will be usually named camera . apk , located in /system/app . to delete this first clear the data stored by the app in /data/data/com . sec . android . app . camera/ or something similar using root explorer , find the file , click mount rw and delete it . using terminal emulator , acquire root privileges su  mount system in read write mode mount -o rw,remount -t yaffs2 /dev/block/mtdblock03 /system  delete the file rm /system/app/Camera.apk  using adb mount system in read write mode adb shell mount -o rw,remount -t yaffs2 /dev/block/mtdblock03 /system  delete the file adb shell rm /system/app/Camera.apk  using titanium backup , select the app and click uninstall
seems to be caused by same problem that drains my galaxy ace battery . i noticed when to turn off all data connections ( wifi , packet ( 2g/3g - no difference ) ) to save battery then the phone will actually drain battery ~2-3 times faster than with data on mode because it will not go to idle mode anymore . i suspect there are some system service witch uses data connections and prevents phone to go idle mode . but i have no idea , what it is , i have already switch off all google services ( background data , location service ) , all syncing , all apps , trying different software versions ( 2.3.4 , 2.3.5 , 2.3.6 with factory reset ) but no result . because there are extremely few information about that problem , i suggest that it related only with samsung software for few galaxy devices .
also happened on my samsung infuse . it took me awhile to realize what the problem was . and also as you stated it never used to do it , only about the time the warranty expired . but yeah disabling my data while at work ( which is a low signal 3g zone ) fixed the problem .
it looks like your phone tries to build a 3g connection only if packet data is enabled . after all , 2g is just fine for voice and texts . but unsuccessfully trying to create a connection when there is no network costs a lot of power . in my experience , phones normally cope just fine with that . my theory is that the 2g signal normally contains some sort of flag that indicates whether there is also a 3g signal . the 2g repeater would incorrectly send this flag -- possibly because the tower it gets its signal from sends it too . thus your phone wastes energy trying to connect to a signal that only exists somewhere else . if you cannot ( or do not want to ) replace the repeater by a more sophisticated model , you should turn off 3g altogether while in your office . gsm phones have a setting in Wireless &amp; networks -> Mobile networks -> Network Mode that lets you switch between wdcma ( 3g ) and gsm ( 2g ) . i do not know what the setting looks like on a cdma phone . you can probably automate this with tasker if you do want to use 3g where it is possible . alternatively you could use a widget to change the setting manually without having to go to the settings menu . one app that provides a widget for this is widgetsoid .
i had same problem and fixed this way : go to google sync and activate , then download an app named " ds battery saver . " since then , my google services no longer consume battery as it did . i think it is because it could not go into sleep mode . this app allows it to go to sleep . i have been using since then and it resolved my problems . before this , with my galaxy on idle , it only lasted 12 hours or so . that is without the screen on or making phone calls . it is an android bug has nothing to do with wifi . my wifi was always off , and still it drained all my battery .
in froyo and later , there is a " cursor handle " that you can grab and drag to the right location . now this photo doesnt show it , but the actual cursor is still there blinking too . that handle will also bring up a quick action menu to select text or paste . and once text is selected , you can copy and cut too .
multiling keyboard has arrow keys in there somewhere .
this depends on the phone you are using , on my spica , for example , i can use the directional keypad to adjust the position of the cursor . on phones that have trackballs , the trackball does the same job . otherwise , the backspace key can be used as a workaround for left-arrow key ( delete a few chars , then retype the word you are inserting and retype the deleted chars . another alternative , if you are typing in english or in one of the supported languages , you can try swype . swype is a word-based text input ( as opposed to character based ) , and you typically delete or swipe one word at a time and the correction mode ( double tap on the word you want to correct and pick or swipe the new word ) make correcting errors a breeze .
providing this as an answer for those who do not want to install a custom rom and want something close to the stock soft keyboard . i installed anysoft keyboard ( found it on this question ) . the android market does not have the current screenshots , but here 's one that shows the small left/right arrows at the top of the keyboard :
the samsung keyboard and the swype keyboard have arrow keys you can use for this ; see this question .
summing up the solution from above comments : fixing up the possibly broken build.prop file you do not need to mount your sdcard to revert your changes . if you can boot into recovery , and access the device via adb shell , you can do so and replace your edited build.prop file with the backup copy you have created ( using the cp command ) , thus restoring the state of before your edit . example , assuming you have named your backup build.prop.bak and placed it in the same place as the original : keep in mind the file ends with " prop " , which is short-hand for " properties " -- not " prob " as short-hand for " probabilities : ) if it still not boots : uninstall the last app installed as the first part did not solve the problem here , it might be the app installed ( facebook home in our case ) is causing trouble on the device it was not intended for . so let 's kick it out . boot into recovery again , get your adb ready , and # uninstall the app # adb shell pm uninstall &lt;package_name&gt; adb shell pm uninstall com.facebook.home # reboot the device adb reboot  this finally solved it . as a factory-reset was done , how was the app able to survive that ? this was an after-thought to the entire issue . a possible explanation lies in the fact that the factory-reset complained about the sdcard not being able to mount . so if parts of the app got installed to the card , they might have survived there . unlikely as this is ( after all , apps on sdcard should not be able to cause boot issues , as the card is mounted only after boot_completed ) , i see no other explanation ( comments welcome , i can include them here if wished for ) . this lead to another question : should i remove the external sd card to protect it from factory reset ? normally , a factory reset should not touch the external sdcard . but " better safe than sorry": if it should not be touched normally , it should not matter whether it is in the device or not , so it should not hurt to remove it before the factory reset . however : if you use ( d ) app2sd , there is a special directory called .android_secure on the sdcard holding the ( encrypted ) parts of the " moved apps " . after a factory reset . the system does not know of them -- so when re-installing such an app , it might lead to problems . thus when removing the card before doing a factory reset , make sure to remove the .android_secure directory from the card ( using a card reader and your computer ) before re-inserting it again .
i am assuming that you want to move the data from the old card to the new one . . . before you replace your old sdcard , connect your device to your computer via usb cable and mount the sdcard so your computer can access the data . now copy all the data from the sdcard to your computer . once that is complete , put in the new sdcard and then mount the new sdcard . now you can copy the data from your old sdcard ( now stored on your desktop ) to your new sdcard . after you copy the data to the new sdcard , unmount it . then you can use a file manager like astro , to install them using the apk file as gathrawn stated . . .
connect your x10 to your computer with the old 8gb car installed and enable usb debugging with your pcs file manager copy the entire contents of your x10 's sd card to a temporary folder . change the cards so the 32gb is installed . copy the entire contents of the temp folder onto the new microsd . it will be an exact mirror of what you had before .
you should be able to use the apk itself to reinstall the app . create a temporary folder on your new sd card , you can call it anything you like ( such as " apk-install" ) and copy the apks into there . when you plug the new sd card , use a file manager ( download something like " astro file manager " if you have not got one already ) and browse to that folder . now if you run that apk file it should give you the option to install the app . ( i assume that you have already enabled the " allow install of non-market applications " option as you say that you have loaded non-market apps before ) . you are running eclair , so ( unless you have rooted ) i assume that you have not moved any of your installed apps to the sd card , but if you have remember to move them back into internal memory before you swap cards .
the best integrated solution with your android phone and pc is to use autoremote and eventghost . the general idea is that you use autoremote to send a message to eventghost which then unlocks or locks your pc . the task will look something like this : AUTOREMOTE MESSAGE DEVICE: NAME OF COMPUTER OR CHROME EXTENSION &lt;----Addressed at the end MESSAGE: Unlock (Really could be anything)  next is the eventghost side . eventghost does not always respond especially if your not on the local network but you can get around this with autoremote 's chrome extension if you have any trouble with autoremote , the developer has a great website and is very active in his google group . the direction to install the autoremote plug into eventghost can be found here . here are the steps to create the eventghost trigger : create a macro but do not worry if you can not find the autoremote plugin . this is really a fancy folder add an event from the toolbar which will trigger the eventghost macro . it should look like this : autoremote . message . unlock next are your actions . this will unlock your work station if you have any questions feel free to ask them in the comments and i will do my best to quickly respond . if my answer solves your problem please do not forget to mark it ask the answer and upvote it for it is usefulness . i am new and trying to build my reputation here .
there is not a way on the stock calendar app . however you can do this by using two different calendar apps .
go to settings> accounts> google> location settings and turn " let google apps access your location " on .
the sdk needs to be run as admistrator to be able to write those files . just retry and run it with elevated rights .
the wl1271 wifi chip in the droid 2 does not support 5.0 ghz networks , so there is sadly no possibility of a workaround . its " better cousin " , the wl1273 chip , does support 5 ghz networks ; unfortunately , motorola went the cheap route . you can get more info on these chips at the texas instruments website .
edit : apparently download and recovery modes are merged for the g1 . just press alt-l on your physical keyboard while in download mode , and recovery will show up . what you are seeing is download mode . the key combination is usually subtly different . in the case of my phone , it is just a matter of having the phone connected to usb or not . you should try it with and without usb , as well as removing the battery and doing a fresh boot . ( you can also remove the battery , plug into usb , and reinsert the battery and try ) . also try other keys -- you already know using back instead gets you to that device info screen .
everything i read suggests i need to boot into recovery mode as a first step , if you are using samsung spica ( and probably most other samsung phones , not sure about other phones ) , the general idea of rooting/installing-custom-rom is that the very first time you flash your rom , you need to do it in download mode . this first flashing uses the system that samsung itself uses . this first flash will usually install clockworkmod custom recovery , which will replace the phone 's original recovery mode with a much more featureful version . once you have clockworkmod 's recovery , then you can install any rom in the clockwork 's . zip file format ; nearly all ( or all ? ) modded android are distributed as a clockwork . zip format .
problem solved ! install open garden . it is fabulous . do not have to root or get a mod rom . it uses best available option between bluetooth . . wifi and infra red to keep android phone continuously tethered to your devices . im loving it
i faced this problem three days . and today i am happy . because i found the answer . some carriers such at and t ( my case ) use to block mobile hotspot feature . you may want to solve it as i did . i flashed/install the odex for my htc one ( m7 , not one x ) stock rom . but solution should be very similar . before flashing it , you need to consider prerequisites . ( 1 ) root your device ( 2 ) install a recovery manager ( i recommend the " teamwin projects - twrp 2.5" ) ( 3 ) download the odex or de-odex , depending on your current rom . please visit the next reference , i did it and it works : ) x 1000 http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2285047 good luck ! ! !
make sure Mobile network in settings is ON . to change timeout time on the htc one x , do the following : settings more portable hot spot tethering portable wifi hotspot settings menu at top right advanced power mode always on
looks like you have messed up some terms : i was trying to enable mobile hotspot function , so i could enjoy internet from my pc adhoc wireless network first : the mobile hotspot function is to share your android device 's mobile internet connection to other devices not having internet on their own , e.g. a tablet or laptop , via wifi . second : only few android devices support ad-hoc networks . there are solutions , but all of them require your device to be rooted . third : if you wanted to use your pc 's internet connection on your android device , that would be reverse-tether , and again require root to be established .
as with all updates , the first thing that comes to mind is factory resetting the device . this clears all the remnants of the old version out of the system and resets app data that could cause inconsistencies . the downside is you will lose all your apps and their data . normally i only do a factory reset in between major versions ( 3.2-> 4.0 , 4.0.2-> 4.1 etc . ) , but if minor updates cause trouble , this would be a first step for me . oh yeah , the reset can be found in Settings -&gt; Backup &amp; reset -&gt; Factory data reset . note that while this usually does not affect your sdcard ( including internal storage ) , some devices may wipe that too . but not the nexus series , so you are safe .
i emailed htc and this was there response in case anyone is interested . " i understand you have a question about live wallpapers for your android device . i would be more than happy to assist you with this device feature inquiry . you mention that you would like to know whether a developer would have access to the area where you choose the wallpaper or scene for the home screen of your phone ? this question would be difficult to answer since this might require " rooting " or unlocking the boot loader of your phone possibly . " so as vague as it is , it seems like they are system files used for htc live wallpaper previews . i guess a scaled thumbnail is as good as it gets .
i had the same problem ( after the latest update to dropbox 2.3.8 , the other day ) , however i had 8gb memory left ( and some 600mb internal ) . i had to uninstall the whole app to make dropbox work again . with the following steps : clear cache and remove data uninstall the app restart the phone reinstall the app files can be opened again . . . i also tried to locate the " com . dropbox . android"-folder per the information at the following page ( http://www.reddit.com/r/nexus7/comments/19i7bs/dropbox_permanent_failure/ ) , but that was after i had uninstalled the application and i could not find the folder ( which seems logic ) . i am running a htc desire z with android os 2.3.3 . hope this helps !
i had the same problem . it was solved after i unlinked my device from dropbox ( in dropbox settings ) and then re-linked it .
i had the same message but discovered it was because i was connected to a secure wifi network which did not like me accessing files from the dropbox app on my htc one . solution : disconnected from the wifi and used my 3g on my phone .
i fixed this by removing data from the sd card . it was nearly full . freeing up ~1gb of the card solved the problem . it is likely that the application uses some sd card space to open files .
i resolved this issue by reinstalling the app , but now that i think about it , this might have been caused by the fact that i had changed my password ( using the web interface ) but never told by phone app the new password .
as far as i know , nandroid uses the yaffs2 file system for storing backups inside the . img files . a quick search on google points to these instructions on extracting files from a nandroid backup : first you will need to download and build the " unyaffs " module : svn checkout http://unyaffs.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ unyaffs cd unyaffs gcc -o unyaffs unyaffs.c  then copy the image file off your phone 's nandroid directory and extract it : mkdir data &amp;&amp; cd data ~/src/android/unyaffs/unyaffs /[path-to-backup-folder]/data.img 
that happens on stock " launcher " sometimes , and i do not think that there is anything you can do until google , or the manufacturer releases an update . until then you can use a different launcher if it really bothers you . personally , i use next launcher 3d and nothing else . izzy 's response seems most feasible to me .
this suddenly solved itself : what i did is to enable developer settings and suddenly it started working after about 10 minutes .
this was supposedly fixed several months ago , but people are still reporting problems . i can read items on the card , but do not have write permission . to fix it , i combined strategies from a few sources . partition card with ms-dos partition table and ext4 filesystem . i used gparted on my ( linux ) desktop computer . insert the card into your phone . ( you will probably not have write access now . ) open the terminal emulator , installed by default in cyanogenmod . type in the following ( i recommend wifi keyboard for large blocks of text ) . give the emulator root privileges when it requests them . the $ and # indicate prompts , so do not type them in . $ su # chown media_rw:media_rw /mnt/media_rw/sdcard1 # chmod g+w /mnt/media_rw/sdcard1  this changes the sd card 's permissions . the owner and group change from system to media_rw , and it also gives the group write access .
not sure if it is any help , but possibly the issue is that that you are trying to mount in the wrong place ? this is my working script that works on an s3 mini with cm11: the realmnt location already existed , so of course the mkdir was never called . and media_rw/sdcard1 is already owned by media_rw i also had to update /etc/permissions/platform . xml to include : &lt;group id="media_rw"/&gt; in : &lt;permission name="android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE"&gt;
there was an answer posted up by adasdadasd that i wanted to accept , but has since been deleted . i will reproduce it below , and accept my answer , but if adasdadasd resurfaces , please repost and i will delete this and accept yours . https://jira.cyanogenmod.org/browse/cyan-332 https://github.com/cyanogenmod/android_packages_providers_mediaprovider/commit/faf3f77b9222554227740aed8127714ea9e3f407 fixed by default ? new change in github .
this seems to have been fixed in version 3.3.11 and above of the market app .
the only way to remove the other accounts from the market is to unsync them from the phone . settings > accounts and sync > click the google account > press remove account perhaps remove all three , add your account a , load the market . then go and add the other two accounts through accounts and sync and not through the market . this should leave account a as the default .
after doing some additional research i finally came across a youtube video on how to bypass a samsung galaxy s continuum activation screen . the steps outlined in the video are very simple : from the activation screen select emergency call . enter the following *#83786633 which will disappear when you press the last 3 a toast with the text Softkey is enabled will appear then press the home button
install a stock or a custom rom that best fits your need from , e.g. , samobile or xda . this way you can select the android version and its flavor .
this has happened many times to me , and every time it has been a bad cable . if you have one , try finding another usb cable to test it with , and see if it works . often some connection goes bad in the cable just from use and wear and it will only charge and refuses to transmit data . the other possibility ( this is known to be a problem with the evo 4gs , but i do not think i have heard of it on the galaxy s ) is that the usb port on your phone has been damaged or gone bad . this happened to my dad 's phone ( evo ) and they sent him a replacement . let us know what happens after you try a new cable !
nfc disovery events that indicate only a certain tag technology ( or even only the presence of any tag ) are usually too broad to be bound to just one app . it seems that the android team therefore decided that it should not be possible for one app/activity to take precedence for such an unspecific event . as a consequence , the only way how this mandatory intent chooser can be avoided is if an ndef formatted tag is used and if the app 's developer registered the app/activity for a more specific ndef intent ( e . g . a uri , an nfc forum external type or a mime type ) .
this is because there can be no default handler for all nfc intents . you had have to create a mimetype for your nfc tag and use that mimetype as the data field for the intent filter . however , this site does not deal with developer issues , so you had be better off on stackexchange , for example here .
someone , or something has set defaults for the application ( s ) , and this default was set as soon as someone or something set it by either internally , or by hitting the button " always . " , in this case you will have to go to your app drawer , go into settings and find your application manager . in this case , you will want to go to the application that does not have the option . find it , click it , go down and hit " clear defaults . " , now , hit the home button , find the application you are wanting to run and voila ! the action menu should set itself back . if it does not , find the application that is automatically running upon startup of that specific object , and hit clear defaults . thank-you , fxapoc .
that is because this is a stock android feature . to accomplish the result you want you will need some kind of third party software i geuss . there are lots available in the play store .
i have jelly bean 4.2.2 on a htc one s and swype 1.4 installed . i was ready to go on a shooting spree when i thought i could not hit a return button to start a new line ! i opened a sms thread , tapped menu > settings and scrolled all the way down . there is an option at the bottom called soft keyboard type . open that and you get -- &lt ; > smiley key &lt ; > send &lt ; > enter for a new line select the bottom one and you are golden ! this setting will change it for both the stock android keyboard and swype . cheers
can it be that you only have a next button when there is more than one field on screen ? please add what program you are using when you see this .
this is quite normal on the default keyboard . the smiley should only shows if you are typing in a single-line textbox ( i.e. . it have been configured so you cannot add newline ) , and there is only a single textbox in the page , and the app did not bind custom functionality to it . is there a user configurable option to switch between smiley and next ? not as far as i know . the developer of the app you are currently using gets to decide the " type " of keyboard that is shown by default , and they can customize the action button . if yes , how to invoke ? try opening the browser , while on the browser , the smiley should turn into newline button ( e . g . on multiline form input ) , or go button ( on the address bar ) , or sometimes next button ( on pages that have multiple single-line input ) .
according to the list of officially supported and unofficially ported devices , no . also , read more at this sticky post by cyanogenmod moderators .
from your home screen , under Menu-&gt;Settings-&gt;Accounts&amp;sync-&gt;Facebook you can uncheck Contacts . obviously , this will stop your phone contacts from syncing to facebook , but after you get the list the first time , the only thing that really updates is the pictures , so disabling it should take care of it : )
i am not familiar with a setting in android to mix both channels but perhaps this stereo to mono adapter could help .
the official google play music app will download music as untagged , numbered mp3 files , as you said , and uses an internal mapping method to know which mp3 is which . however , the app offline music importer should do what you want . it is free for the first 50 songs ; after 50 it costs $2.49 to unlock . a description from their app page : why you need this app : when you make your google play music media available offline , you are storing cached music files in a special folder on your device . the media provider service within android cant see the music in there . even if it could , the file names are meaningless and they dont have any id3 tags . the service would not know what the song title is , what album it belongs to , what track number it is , not even the artist . the files are just raw music . for all those reasons , you cant play those files properly in any other music player except the google play music player . this app gathers those meaningless music files , applies the proper id3 tags and artwork , moves the files to your /music folder on the sdcard , and updates the media provider . all your imported music will be available to any music player installed on the device .
settings -> data usage -> press menu key -> auto sync data in settings go to accounts section--> google and select your account and check what ever you want to sync
you do not need android running to do a factory reset . try following the steps in this video to reset your tablet .
for now , afaik , every action associated with a mouse click can be accessed using a touch or a long-touch . combo using a key-press and a touch are not well supported ( if supported at all ) . long-touch over a link , gives you a popup with : open in new tap ; open in incognito mode ; copy link address ; save link as . for future reference , google chrome shortcuts link , from google support page ( the majority of the linux links are available for android . . . just waiting to have this page updated with the android shortcuts list ) : google chrome - keyboard and mouse shortcuts
dotvezz has already commented that ntp is used . if so , then you can use clocksync , which lets you set the ntp server . however , you need to sync manually . automatic sync is supported only with rooted devices . clocksync synchronizes device system clock with atomic time from internet via ntp ( network time protocol ) . useful if provider does not support nitz , sends incorrect time or if your device/rom has heavy clock drift . there are 2 modes : automatic for root users and assisted manual mode for users without root ( rootless mode ) .
we confirmed with the device manufacturer that the devices use ntp to sync the time with pool . ntp . org . after a bit of research of my own , i discovered that ntp is configured in /system/etc/gps.conf . you have to be root to edit this file , but i was at least able to confirm that the information given to us was correct . we have opened the firewall to traffic going to pool . ntp . org , and so far all of the devices have kept in sync , so it looks like this has worked as intended . thanks to http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1200089 for the info on the ntp config file .
the problem with recording is dependent on the kernel if that kernel has the capability to do so within the audio hardware driver ! that aside , another aspect , this governs actual phone calls , is that audio is a mutually exclusive thing , lift handset , audio , speaker is routed to respective hardware pieces , if not in call , audio and speaker gets routed to speaker ( combine that with headset and another route is made ! ) now i do not know if that principle applies to voip over wifi ( as have never tried it ! ) another thing , depending on where you are , this will be dependent on jurisdiction of your country , two way recording could be seen as illegal and may/could be equivalent to wire-tapping , ianal ! check first , if that is " ok to do " , then check with the party involved first if they actually mind being recorded , if not , then you could end up in trouble for invasion of privacy and recording their conversation without their consent i am loosely saying that as its a questionable thing to do and do not know legalese but its something to bear in mind .
this probably is too late to be of help to the op , but this question is valid and could be useful for others . found this : http://community.skype.com/t5/video-inactive/record-video-calls-windows/m-p/3012#m44 but it pertains to windows and not the phone environment . unfortunately on android , skype itself would have to have this feature for the best overall success . related topics with good answers : stackexchange-url stackexchange-url direct link : droid@screen an on-phone solution to recording audio would have to simultaneously record incoming mic audio ( from you ) and outgoing speaker audio ( from other ) . however , you could simply record the stream externally and use a movie/video editor to synchronize the video and audio streams .
there is a guide on rooting xperia s ics and gb over at xdas . not having any xperia device , i cannot verify -- but the comments on the thread confirm it working . it does not even require the bootloader to be unlocked . requirements for that method : windows net framework 3.5 or later preparation : application settings : [ unknown sources ] checked {allowed} application settings : development [ usb debugging ] checked {allowed} application settings : development [ stay awake ] checked {allowed} settings -> display settings [ screen timeout ] set to 30 minutes if your screen goes off just once then you wont be able to return to the installation properly . very important ! ! please think about your battery and try to keep the display brightness to a minimum . please use a regular picture for the background . do not use the default live wallpaper . charge the xperia ss battery to 80% . use the generic ch ( 1257-3740 ) xperia s lt26i rom ( 6.1 . a . 0.452 ) . can be found here along with the latest flastool link : xda fileserver net framework 3.5 or later gingerbread part 1 and part 2 it also mentions a root toolkit . installation process : flash gingerbread firmware wiping data and cache only if you are not on gingerbread run step 1 . bat install ice cream sandwich without wiping anything run step 2 . bat to enter cwm recovery you have to tap on sony logo at start few times . if it does not root properly first time run it again thanks to bin4ry for the files alternative : unlocking the bootloader an alternative method involves the sdk , and is described at androidpit ( german ; google translate 2 english here ) . this method , however , involves unlocking the bootloader -- so be aware of sony 's harsh politics when it comes to warranty in this case .
ok , at last , the mighty user of xda , bin4ary , has released a very nice and easy toolkit to root ics jb roms of most sony phones , including xperia s . i used the tool and easily rooted my phone . very fast and painless . no need to flash or unlock bootloader or anything . if you are also interested , this is the page on xda : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1886460
that is a pre-destined case for apps like opensignal , which are designed for mapping signals around you . network signal info offers it as well . both tools can be used to get a coverage map for wifi and mobile signal , and also offer you to log signal strength .
turns out the issue appeared to be specifically with a google maps update . i have received two updates over google play since then and the problem appears to have resolved .
a smartphone 's most limited resource is its battery . this means phones are specifically designed to survive power losses . and imagine a hang up with a subsequent reboot would brick with some probability . how many complaints would that cause ? so the answer is simple : just try out to switch your battery . if it works : fine .
does your user manual have any prohibitions about removing the battery while plugged in ? that would be my first point of information . and i probably would not try it myself , but that is just me . the issue is that you have no idea of whether the folks who designed the charge circuit accounted for this or not , and you do not know how they did the charging circuit , so you do not know for sure whether it is safe or not to try it . i am guessing that it will not hurt your phone because the designer should be doing something safe for the ' battery goes missing ' case . i also would not be surprised if the phone either just cut out , or went into it is ' oh noez , the battery is out of juice ' routine and turned itself off right away .
it is device dependent , if the manufacturer can fit in the circuitry to use the wall charger without the battery then yes you had be able to do that . most laptops can run without batteries , i doubt many smartphone does though ; phones are primarily designed to be used while on the go , while laptops are more likely to be plugged in . a safe test is to shutdown the phone normally , plug the phone into charger , and pull out the battery , then try booting up the phone with only wall charger . if you can boot up , then it is 90% likely that you will be able to pull out the battery while it is running without causing a reboot . is it safe to swap the battery without shutting down ? if the phone does not have the appropriate circuitry , it will be no less safe than just unplugging the battery . there is no moving parts in a mobile phone and all modern hardware are designed such that complete loss of power will just reinitialize the hardware as if it is just booting up . therefore the only possible damage you can do is to the file system . modern journalled file systems are designed to be able to withstand power loss . if you are using journaled filesystem , e.g. ext3 or ext4 , then your data should be safe ; if using unjournalled filesystem , e.g. fat or ext2 , then there is a small chance of file system corruption .
this feature is supported on the samsung galaxy nexus . i routinely change out batteries while the phone is plugged in to the wall charger . the only issue i have noticed is that the battery level does not update to the new level right away , but instead slowly increases over time .
i just tried this on two phones , a samsung galaxy 551 and a samsung galaxy s . it does not work . the phones typically just shut off . however , one time the galaxy s did not shut off right away but i was not able to put the battery back in before it shut off . my google nexus s is made so that you can not even take the back cover off without unplugging it . i suspect that this is simply not a supported feature in most phones and that you are not likely to find that it works anywhere . not to mention the fact that power-loss may damage components or corrupt data . this is one reason why the phone monitors the battery life and shuts down if there is not enough battery power .
just for completeness sake i want to share that i have operated my old lg gt 540 countless times with the battery removed , while the usb cable is plugged in . i can power it up on in these situations ( and run cwm ) . so i guess that there might be more lg android phones with similar circuitry . since i have upgraded to my new galaxy s2 , i have been too reluctant to try it out .
i had the same problem , and solved it by simply re-setting the " screen timeout " option in display settings . it seems some app messed it up .
drm stands for " digital rights management " , and mainly is used with sold ebooks/pdfs and the like ( and also for sold music files plus maybe even videos ) . those keys are to identify your id as to prove if you have permission to access those documents . if you never bought any of those " crippled " documents , chances are you do not have to bother .
there are multiple approaches to this problem . the first an most effective is to switch from pop3 ( which i assume from your question you are using ) to imap , where mail is handled on the server instead of client-side -- so you can delete a message when you decide to delete it ( and not when client x is retrieving it , as handled by pop3 ) . second might be trying a different mail client ( again , i do not know what you are currently using ) . for android , i would recommend k-9 mail -- which is capable of handling pop3 as well as imap , and even exchange ( the latter via webdav ) .
i think i have the solution to the problem . when setting up your email untick the push notification you then get a manual button , from there you can manually input incoming and outgoing settings . in the incoming settings there is a delete email from server , click the when i delete from inbox . from then on you will be able to delete from your phone to the server . hth . now the only problem is you can not set the the sync schedule .
i use a samsung galaxy siii and outlook and have had the same problem . my approach ( at godaddy 's suggestion ) was to change the advanced settings in outlook email account settings ( in the outlook tools menu ) so that email is left on the server even after delivery ( one check box ) but deleted after so many days ( another check box ) and/or deleted after the email is deleted from trash ( a third check box ) . then i make sure to delete my trash on the phone after i have downloaded whatever i want to save on my computer copy of outlook .
this sounds like something that you need to make sure your operator has enabled on your contract , normally with smartphones a data plan is a data plan , once you have got one they give you a ( monthly/weekly/daily ) bandwidth limit which you can use either on 3g or gprs , the operator does not care which you use . it sounds like you do not want to pay for a monthly data limit , you want to get a metered contract where you only pay for when you use it ( normally charged by the megabyte or by the hour , or something similar ) . you can then turn the data connection on or off depending when you want to use it . the exact setting for this can vary from phone to phone , but is normally under something like settings -> wireless and network -> mobile networks -> use packet data . on many phones you can also switch to only use gprs or 3g ( sometimes called gsm and wcdma modes ) but all that does is control the speed of your connection , not normally how you are charged .
i borrowed a friend 's fitbit and tried to sync it with my nexus 10 . i enabled bluetooth . i then installed the fitbit app and logged in as him . there is no option anywhere to sync the device . i then logged out , and created a new account . on a compatible device , once the account is created , it prompts you to sync a fitbit device . this question is never asked on the nexus 10 . circumstantial additional evidence comes from the large number of unhappy reviews citing device compatibility on the fitbit app page . so it is confirmed that despite the probable existence of the necessary bluetooth hardware/software , at the time of writing fitbit devices cannot be synced with the nexus 10 .
you can do that with the nook , first thing is to get access to the nook sdk , ( not just android here ) : https://nookdeveloper.barnesandnoble.com/ next , you will want to disable the home button , stack overflow has a good thread on this : stackexchange-url lastly when setting up your nook-esk kiosk be sure to set it up in a way to keep it plugged in . kiosks should always be powered , and a full battery drain will reboot the whole os .
is is quite possible that the channel it automatically chooses is too congested , or even not supported by your devices wifi card .
an helpful app to resolve this might be wifi analyzer , it shows the available ( and perhaps conflicting ) wifi channels and their strength .
disabling the proximity sensor seems to have worked : after some testing , i got no freezes at all .
why call it " factory reset " if it does not really restore your phone to it is stock factory state ? since the original definition make no sense in the current world , let 's try to make up an alternative explanation . so , the term factory reset was not referring to the action of resetting the device to the state it came out of the factory , instead the term means it is the type of reset the factory does to the phone 's software before putting it into the packaging , the factory reset will reset the phone to a state suitable for shipping to customer , therefore if the factory now released a phone with your model and os version , they will do factory reset as the last thing they do after testing . how is that explanation ?
you may have ear terms like " factory reset " or " factory default " . they are basically the same . is the term used to describe the action of reversing a device to the state that it was when it got out of the factory . for this to happen , all custom data will be clean of the device , leaving just what was already present when the device left the manufacturer . for users with custom roms , the factory reset works the same way , when used it will wipe all custom data and leave the device like was when the custom rom was applied . what is a factory reset on android devices ? it erases all the data on your device by cleaning up the internal storage and return the phone to the default factory settings ! this means that : your google account , your device settings , system and application data , and app 's downloaded/installed by the user will get removed . after the factory reset is complete , your device will be just like the first time you have turn it on . to have you " stuff " back , youll have to re-install and re-configure everything . reasons for a factory reset : when the device experiences a malfunction for unknown reasons , resetting it may fix the problem . if you gonna sell your device , a factory reset insures the removal of all your personal data . sending the device for repair or simply returning it , the factory reset comes in hand . they do not need to know what you have been using , nor they need access to your personal data .
on a non-rooted device we can group the partitions into two categories . the ones that can be affected by the user during normal runtime and the ones that can not . the ones that can be are data and cache . the ones that can not are system , and boot . ( plus recovery on some . ) factory reset here means that the partitions that are affected by user activities are wiped clean . thus when the user permforms a factory reset , she is greeted with a phone that has no user data on it . if she updated her phone via offical methods the updates are still there ! so not even on stock devices are reset to their factory state ! with the above in mind let 's look at custom roms . when you flash one the updater-script wipes your system partition than copies the contents of the zip there . what was previously there is now gone ! there is no way you can get back to where you were before if you do not have a backup or an original system image . now , when the user boots technically most everything is the same . during normal operation she can still only have effect on data and cache . so if you perform a factory reset it only makes sense to wipe these . remember the original rom is now long gone ! you are right that the terminology is confusing ; blame google ! it is this way since the g1 .
a factory reset is an informally standardised term for resetting a phone . a user will understand that this makes your phone the same as when you received it . if you have taken a power user step like rooting and flashing a custom rom then you are outside of the normal use cases . it is worth noting that the " factory reset " on a phone with a custom rom will reset that rom back to its default view . it is impossible in today 's devices to be able to reflash the system and restore back to how it originally shipped . the same is true of many user flashable products , such as routers and media players .
the official calendar app , just like google maps , youtube , etc . , has been an independent app from the android stock rom and published on google play . which means you can just download it via google play
i am going to assume you did this using a rooted phone . if that is the case , you should be able to find someone who has calendar app , and manually push that to system/app and fix permissions .
has your calendar app really been wiped ? ( try adding it as a shortcut from the app drawer . ) you can sometimes download an application from your handset manufacturer for your pc which provides a feature like " emergency firmware recovery " . this should allow you to install the latest official release of android .
if you are using swype , slide your finger from the swype button ( bottom left ) to the sym key . this will display a set of navigation buttons - including a dpad that lets you move the text input .
yes , when you choose the particular event you want to edit or delete you are given 3 options ( at least on my droid 1 i am ) : change only this event change all events in the series change this and all future events choose #1 to change just that one event in the series .
yes . one option would be to use the images distributed by google at factory images for nexus devices . download the appropriate package ( the 4.2.1 nexus 7 archive is what you had presumably want ) and then either flash the images manually or use the included flash-all.sh script ( if on linux ) . manually running the commands will be of the form : fastboot flash &lt;partition name&gt; /path/to/image.img  so , as an example , you had flash the system partition with : fastboot flash system /path/to/system.img  you will need to have the fastboot utility configured for this , but it will work regardless of what os or recovery system are installed on the n7 at the time as long as you do not modify the bootloader . you will also need to use fastboot oem unlock to unlock your bootloader if you have not already , which will wipe your personal data .
all batteries have some self-discharge so whatever their charge was initially they will discharge when sitting on the shelf . also most batteries effectively " die " if they undergo very deep discharge . this is why all batteries are shipped charged - either fully or partially . so when you buy a battery ( or a device ) the battery will always be charged to some level which will depend on the manufacturing process and the time the battery spent on the shelf . this is why the battery level showing " full " chargealone is not a sign of the phone being not new .
it is not uncommon that rejected/refurbished phones find their way back to the market as " new " ones . but in my ( and at least al everett 's ) experience , batteries are almost always shipped with some charge . i would not worry , as long as there are no other indicators that your device was pre-owned .
see wikipedia on lithium-ion battery technology ( especially sections " cell life " and " safety" ) . in short : cell life is best at ~50% charged safety requires the battery to be charged to above 3v ( and below 4.2v ) the best consumer experience would be to charge the battery to 100% the liion battery discharges itself during shipment/storage the battery 's internal charging level detector may be incorrect and needs some cycles to self-adjust as a trade off , it is charged to ( my guess ) 60% and then shipped . it is not full and may be even almost discharged when the customer gets it , thus tell them to charge it the first time . i guess the manual does not say it is empty , does it ? it is the best tradeoff between cell life and the customer 's first user experience with the device .
it will not ask for a password for free apps since there is no danger of financial loss of any kind , it is a good point however there are apps on google play that can ' lock ' certain apps check 'https://play.google.com/store/search?q=app+locker' or something to that effect this one looks like it does the job : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.domobile.applockfeature=search_result#?t=w251bgwsmswyldesimnvbs5kb21vymlszs5hchbsb2nril0 . they will enable control of apps via a pin
from google play download applockr or you can disable the app via settings> apps> all applications then by selecting the google play application and pressing the disable button to disable it until you want to enable it ( do the same process but the disable button will be replaced with the enable button )
this may sound odd , but there are not very many android viruses . my android system still has never caught a virus and i spend a lot of time on the internet . you may be better not having android anti-virus applications .
i have installed avatarrom on my phone , partly because of this problem , reinstalled kaspersky and since then it works .
it is easy to achieve a similar workflow with an off-the-shelf barcode scanner app such as zxing 's barcode scanner . after scanning a barcode in that app , you can press a button to copy the scanned text to the clipboard . after switching to your other app , you simply long-tap the text field to paste the text into it . it is a few more screen taps than you are imagining , but that is the easiest way . there is also a keyboard app that has a button to scan a barcode and enter the scanned text as if typed in . it is non-free , and requires replacing your soft keyboard , but barcodescanner keyboard lets you shorten the workflow by a few taps . any better solution would require some kind of bespoke development , whether that is modifying the target app or making a custom rom .
to save you from copy-pasting , there is an interesting alternative option : some kind of " barcode keyboard " , i.e. using a qr-reader as input method . there are a few apps available at google play which ( according to their description ) offer exactly that . an example fitting for your case would be barcodescanner keyboard : this soft-keyboard scans and enters barcodes directly into input fields of arbitrary apps , batch scanning mode is supported . note the barcode-scanner symbol in the lowest row of the keyboard , second from the left ? as the other keys are also present , you can type normally in fields where you need that , and simply tap the barcode-icon to invoke the scanner , as shown in the second screenshot . remark : i did not try it , so i have no more details on how it works and how reliable it is . just found it at google play and thought it might be helpful for you : )
all the telephone calls go through mobile network not wifi . if you have any voip application like viber or skype installed . then while making call , it asks whether you want to use phone or viber/skype . i guess you might have selected one of these apps with " always " settings . in this case , go to application settings and clear defaults . and next time be sure of selecting phone always .
aha , found it : under apps -> settings -> connections , i can turn overall use of wi-fi on or off . then if i select " more networks " , i get this screen : and i can turn on or off " wi-fi calling " . tmobile has a note about it here : http://support.t-mobile.com/docs/doc-5864
actually there is a way to do just that in tasker , basically you can simply set the screen timeout to 15secs once the screen turns off ( which usually is the trigger to turn the lockscreen on : ) ) and there also is an event which is called display unlocked ( which is lockscreen unlocked ) and with that simply turn the screen timeout back to whatever u choose , i.e. 30 minutes .
i just found a simple way to reduce the display timeout while on lock screen ( in case you just want to wake the device , see what time it is , and then want it to lock itself more quickly than your android sleep timeout setting ) : condition : securesettings - failed login attempts 1 and tick the " invert " box . action : display timeout ( put your desired seconds here ) . this profile will detect the lock screen and not look for any failed attempt and will turn off the screen with your desired timeout . note that this condition requires secure settings plugin to be installed .
you could watch out for an automation solution . i e.g. use tasker for a lot of things like that ( yeah , it is eur 5 -- but you can obtain a free 7-day trial at the project page , and according to the dev even make it work another 7 days by exporting its settings , uninstall , reinstall , import settings ) . rawly described : you combine events/conditions with tasks . in your case , you had e.g. set the default timeout to 30s , and have tasker take care for specialities : profile " reading": condition : app running ( browser , ebook-reader , . . . -- make your choices ) task : set screen timeout to 2min ( automatically reverts when condition is no longer met ) profile " lockscreen": condition : [ screenlock on ] task : timeout 15s you have got the idea . unfortunately ( as indicated by the square brackets ) , tasker seems to have no condition for " screenlock active " ( or i did not find it ) , so this might require some addon ( locale addons are compatible ) . nevertheless , you have got the idea -- and there are other automation solutions out there on the playstore which might do the job to your liking , and even may be cheaper . i would look out for addons , then check llama - location profiles etc . as well .
there is no simple answer to the question , " why do programs crash sometimes ? " the error message you see tells you that an app has crashed , just like when a program crashes on a desktop computer . usually this indicates a bug ( programming error ) in the app or in one of the libraries included in the app ( e . g . an ad network , or a library for accessing a particular web service ) . the bug might always happen when you try to do a particular action , or it might be caused by being in a particular state . for example , a calendar app might have a bug that only happens when you create an event on the first of the month , in a month that already contains an event . if the bug is triggered by particular circumstances , clearing the data or cache for that app might make the bug go away until the same circumstance arise again . sometimes , the app itself might be correct but the crash caused by a programming error in android itself . the app might be relying on android to behave in a particular way , and if android does the wrong thing , that could later cause the app to crash . similarly , the crash might be caused by hardware problems : if the phone overheats , the hardware might compute the wrong answers sometimes . in the first instance , you should report a crash to the developer of the app that crashes . android 's crash-report process will automatically include relevant information with the report , to help the developer see what is wrong . even if the problem turns out not to be their fault , they will know the right place to report it , and might be able to suggest a workaround you can use to avoid the problem . if you do not report a crash , it probably will not get fixed .
i have found that android experiences random hangs and lockups when there are less than ~20mb of internal memory . in particular , i have found that on startup there will be a few force closes from the latin keyboard and the system ; also the phone becomes noticeably laggy . when there are less than 10mb , the phone is so laggy that it becomes totally unusable . you might want to clean up your internal memory and see if it helps with your problem .
i was in the same boat as you . wanted tasker , did not want to root my app . after downloading it , i did it find it fairly limiting without a root because as matthew read said , it basically only allows you to do the things that any other app could do . so unless your requirement are some niche thing that you wanted , there is probably an app that does it for you anyway . some of the things that can not be done without a root include turning gps on / off toggling 3g on / off setting cpu speed dpad ( allows you to script the phone like it was being used ) turn the screen on reboot the phone i mainly got tasker as i thought i could optimize the battery life on my phone but without those settings , there is not that much i can really do . still worth the 2 bucks though , been great learning playing with it . and maybe down the line , i will go and root my phone . edit - this answer is only for ics and above . not sure what it would be if you were still on gingerbread
the simple answer is that it requires root to do things that would require root if they were not automated by tasker and you were doing them manually . tasker is irrelevant . edit : turning on/off gps does not require root . apps must be able to do it , because power widget can . as for the lock screen , i think what you read must have actually referred to the keyguard ( the " swype to unlock " screen ) . the phone is not locked the same way as it is with a pattern/password when the keyguard is on ; it is just to prevent accidentally keypresses , not for security . tasker can disable the keyguard .
i am not sure what you are talking about , tasker does not require root for any of its features . from their website : this simple concept profoundly extends your control of your android device and it is capabilities , without the need for ' root ' or a special home screen .
the android developer guide covers this pretty thoroughly . they have all the supported formats as well as recommendations . i would additionally recommend using the same resolution as your screen if your device can handle it , that will much improve the quality .
when i encode movies using handbrake or dvdfab , i choose the " ipad " option , which create an m4v with h . 264 and aac ( i think ) . yes , this feels like sacrilege , but i just ignore the voices in my head . ; ) on xoom , this plays fine . to keep the file size down , i take the audio down to stereo @ 44.1khz and 96kbps and the video rate to 1200kbps , while still maintaining 720p . this seems to work out alright and most 2 hour movies are in the 1 to 1.5gb range .
new ( manual ) contacts should get backed up if your gmail account is linked , and they should show up in your gmail contacts . but my old ones ( on sim and phone before email was linked ) did not . i had to copy the ones from my sim and phone to my sdcard by going into contacts ( people ) then menu -&gt; export to sd ( as for example SIM.vcf ) . and after that menu -&gt; import to ( my email ) linked gmail address . and i just told it to import all vcf files on the sd . and that was it , they were now all in my gmail contacts .
do not store your contacts on the sim card . there is no advantage in doing so . modern smartphones are usually only able to import/export contacts stored on the sim card . the contact app from android 4.0 on provides a feature which lets you import your contacts form sim card to either google contacts ( which i highly recommend ) or simply local phone contacts . Open Contacts &gt; Menu &gt; Import/export &gt; Import from SIM card furthermore the " messaging " app of android 4.0 is able to mange the text messages stored on the sim card .
is there some specific purpose or feature that would necessitate using the sim ? if you have an android phone then presumably you have a google account . any contacts added to your google phone will by sync'd automatically to the signed in google account unless you turn that function off . why not just use google to manage them ? then you can keep your sim and sd card free of unneeded data and if you lose or trade up your phone you never lose your contacts . they would still exist in google . plus you can sign into gmail to manage contacts that way .
for managing your sim contacts you can try sim contacts manager .
i wanted to delete some contacts on my sim card on my htc sensation . i tried and tried and it did not work . so i took out my old nokia phone and it can read and write to the sim card . deleted the contacts i did not want . it worked .
the default ( well , default on my samsung galaxy s - i guess default in android does not mean much ) contact manager can do a part of this . when creating a new contact , it gives the option of storing it on the sim , phone memory , or a linked account ( like google ) . there is the option of copying contacts from sim to phone or phone to sim ( contacts-> menu-> more -> copy contacts ) . import/export is in the same spot . i know these suggestions are not quite what you are looking for . i do not know if contacts can be stored on a sim card in different ways depending on the phone . from what i have seen the software that comes with android phones might ( depending on manufacturer ) let you move contacts around .
skype for android has a couple versions . most are wifi-only , so you would be able to use them no problem except that the g1 is not in skype 's list of supported devices , so you will not find it in the market . looks like it is verizon-exclusive . the newest version will not run on your phone even if you grab it pseudo-legally ; i am not sure about older versions . skype 's api agreement also prohibits other apps from making skype calls , as far as i am aware . fring used to support skype , for example , but had to remove that feature due to threats from skype .
what country are you in ? skype have only got an exclusive deal with verizon in the us , outside the us it is not restricted to any carrier afaik . if you go to an international version of the skype site , like http://www.skype.com/intl/en/get-skype/on-your-mobile/download/skype-for-android there is a different skype app that will work on any android 2.1 phone ( even if you manage to download it in the us , it may do further checks to see if you are in the us or not once installed ) . also if you search in the android market from a non-us phone ( that is running at least android 2.1 ) you should be able to find this official skype app . see here for more on the differences between the skype apps .
skype was usable on fring but a disagreement between them stopped this , a bit of pressure on fring may make this possible again
try clearing your calendar data ( settings -> applications -> calendar -> clear data ) . if that does not work then you might have to resort to a factory reset . ( if you have to go this route then there are lots of options for backing up your data before hand to minimize the pain )
following the package name you provided , the app you are talking about is called gingerbread launcher free from the developer eugene373 . you must have installed this launcher before install go launcher . go launcher was your default launcher and after you removed it the system is asking you to choose between the android 's launcher and this one . if you do not need it you can remove it .
there is an app in the market with the id " com . ebproductions . android . launcher " that is gingerbread launcher free . this appears to be a slightly modified version of the aosp stock gingerbread launcher that someone 's made available for devices that do not come with the stock launcher installed .
to send a test to multiple recipients , just press the comma , button after each phone number . once done , just send . all recipient numbers will line up on top of the phone number window after each comma .
i am not aware of any stock messaging apps amongst any of the roms that will do that , but it looks like there are a bunch of apps in the market that will ( like smessaggia bulk customized sms or group sms , or group sms and scheduler . )
it seems that asking this question has encouraged me actually make a proper effort to poke around the phone 's settings enough to find a workable solution , which is to enable Spell correction for the qwerty keyboard word suggestions / predictions . the option is enabled in the location : settings language and keyboard touch input text input QWERTY section spell correction now , typing i , t , s mid sentence will produce the suggested words its , Its , it's , which is pretty much acceptable for me . it's might be third , but it is listed and that is what counts ! i do not know if this is a common problem or if the default setting for Spell correction is on or off , so i do not know what the cause of the problem was , but at least it is sort of fixed .
from all my experience with the market , you need to have a gmail account . there does not seem to be a way around this . login android market--google non-gmail account ?
you can only log in to the market with either your gmail account , or an account hosted with google apps for your domain . this is not just to authenticate you , information is synced between your device and google servers . if you do not have an account with them , they do not know who you are . you said that you can login with your personal email address ( someone at mydomain . org ) . i am going to guess that mydomain . org is hosting the email on google apps for your domain .
it looked like a gingerbread-related problem . since android 3.0 you can login with any google account , with or without gmail .
i use the dropsync ( comp . ttxapps . dropsync ) app to keep full synchronization on my big dropbox which i have shared on several computers and several android devices . i have rarely had problems getting large volumes of files per directory trees in my dropbox handled . the only issue i have encountered is when the particular device had a default bandwidth limit applied , which i generally reset to unlimited .
as answered here , you can use file explorers such as es file explorer to achieve this functionality .
sync is not possible and the " download folder " function is also missing on android . you can support this feature request : https://www.dropbox.com/votebox/2133/android-download-upload-folders
first of i agree with @lagos . you are buying a used phone , why not factory reset or install a new rom ? regarding viruses and malware , chris dibona , open source programs manager at google , wrote the following on google+ : " yes , virus companies are playing on your fears to try to sell you bs protection software for android , rim and ios . they are charlatans and scammers . " it is up to you if you trust him or not but he should have some insight . and in you case it might be a bit different if you are staying with the custom rom of course .
i use droidwall for this purpose - it is a firewall with a whitelist or blacklist configuration . also avg antivirus free and lookout for detecting virus and other malware . set droidwall to whitelist mode with log enabled , which disables internet access for all apps and services except the ones you explicitly allow . then use the phone for a while , open up all the apps once , restart the phone ( all this to give a malicious app a chance to get activated ) . then , open droidwall and view its log . you will see all the apps which tried to access the internet and the ip addresses they tried to connect to .
check the wifi connection you connected it to if it is working properly . go to settings> apps> all> google services framework and clear the data . restart your nexus 7 and see if the update downloads without hitch .
install this wifi tether and configure it according to video . it is working
according to oneclickroot , their tool is supposed to work for the lg motion 4g . you can download the tool from their site , and they even offer a " remote rooting service " . in addition to that tool , you will need the appropriate drivers for your device , which you can e.g. find here . having that installed , it should be as easy as : start the tool , connect your device , click to root . another rooting guide is offered by androidforums ( the article links all software needed , including the drivers ) , which uses the o4x tool from the xda developers ( i used this succesfully on my o4x -- seems like it also works on your motion 4g ) . steps included are also pretty easy : having installed the drivers , unpacked o4x , and the additional *is11lg_systembackuptest . signed . apk* from the xda post , you go to settings&rarr ; security on your motion , and tick unknown-sources . in settings&rarr ; developer options you enable usb-debugging . then you install and open IS11LG_SystemBackupTest.signed.apk , and finally restart your device . once phone turns back on ( should be running slow ) connect your phone to your computer through usb ( charging only ) . open the command prompt and enter cd C:\o4xr , then type root . next wait for the script to run and your phone will reboot ; when that happens uninstall the systembackuptest app . do not open it , or you will have to repeat the entire procedure : )
you will really struggle finding a way to root a tablet running ics , especially a ' no brand ' one . i have had the same issue with an arnova gbook . unfortunately , the answer to your question is that it would be very difficult , and maybe even impossible , unless a new ics root exploit comes out , as google patched the main one in android 4.0 .
if you do not know what device you have , it is hard to get any assistance . without any warranties of success , and without assuming any responsability by what may happen to your device , i can suggest that you visit unlockroot , known to work with tons of devices , may became a solution for yours . the process is done with three steps : your device must be in usb debugging mode . turn it on , go to settings-> applications-> development and check the box .  look here  connect your device to your pc , run unlockroot . exe . click " unlock root " , enjoy ! and it is reported to work quiet well , see last entry labeled " what are the risks of rooting ? " . the faq section is also quiet useful . read the documentation from the website and proceed at your own risk .
i just want to start this answer off by saying that if you are not an expert computer user , this is probably not for you . you will need to know how to setup and edit partition tables , along with knowing how to resize , delete and add partitions . i of course accept no responsibility for any damage you cause to any device from reading this tutorial . in theory here is what you need to do : repartition your device 's sd card so that you can make room for all the the operating systems you want to run get a new boot loader that supports dual ( or multi ) booting flash the partition with a build that is compatible with your phone specifically for your device ( the galaxy note 10.1 ) , here is a great link on dual booting : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2258867 the tutorial is on an ubuntu machine , if you do not have ubuntu it is pretty easy to install from their website : http://www.ubuntu.com you probably do not even need to install ubuntu to do this tutorial , i think you would be fine just running off of the live cd . i am a little biased because i love ubuntu , but i would recommend installing it when you have free time . it really is a life saver and it runs on top of a linux kernel so you get all of the benefits of linux when you use ubuntu . very important before you start the tutorial 1 ) backup your device every time before you make a change to the os or to the boot loader . it is extremely easy to brick your device if you do not know what you are doing . if you brick your device and you have no backups to go from , then you are out of luck my friend . 2 ) you need to have a cwm ( clockwork mod ) installed on your device before you start the tutorial along with nandroid backup . see extra stuff below for install information . 3 ) i cannot stress this more : make sure that you are installing a mod that fits perfectly with you device ! ! you will potentially render your device unusable if you do not check your roms thoroughly . 4 ) this is not so important but will save you a lot of time in the future . go get a bigger sd card , no 1gb or 2gb is not enough and 4gb is pushing it . go out and buy a 16gb sd card , they are not that expensive and if you are going to be doing multiple booting , then you will want the extra space . it will be a huge pain to transfer all of your files onto a bigger sd card because you decided you wanted to triple boot android , arch linux and ubuntu all on one device . this is the voice of experience unfortunately . hopefully the tutorial works out well for you . when you get comfortable with installing os partitions , then you can start trying out different flavors of linux . my favorite is ubuntu , followed closely behind by arch linux ( arm ) ( which is great for server applications ) . extra stuff installing cwm and nandroid backup on galaxy note 10.1 here is a video tutorial for installing the cwm on the galaxy note 10.1 if you need to do that . again make sure you get the right rom for your device . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=niyixzcw7xs if youtube is more your thing , then here is a pretty good video on doing the same thing in the other tutorial . this youtube video requires you to already have cwm installed on your device . galaxy note : how to dual boot 5 different roms for those of you who do not have the galaxy note , here is something else i found that might be useful ( or at least a starting point ) : http://lifehacker.com/5826050/how-to-dual-boot-multiple-roms-on-your-android-phone please feel free to edit if you have something to add ( tutorials for specific devices etc . ) also , if you need more info , just comment and i will help you out .
finally the market updated itself after force-stopping it , clearing its data and cache , starting the app again , and then exiting it and leaving the phone alone for an hour or two .
if you find the app in the market and install it , it should update your phone 's copy , and update automatically frrom then on .
learn java ( the programming language android is based on ) recommended book ' java in two semesters ' ( ignore that it is based over 2 semesters ) http://eclipsetutorial.sourceforge.net/totalbeginner.html then use : http://developer.android.com/index.html http://www.xda-developers.com/ http://www.modaco.com/
xda is a good resource but not a good starting point . the aosp is also . but the best idea is always to look how others are creating customs roms . for example the cm development for the kindle fire : a good starting point is jackpoint calvin 's post about how to create a cm update . zip for the fire from source . it gives a good overview about how the kernel , asop , hardware modification and cm play together . and how these are handled with android 's repo script . forums are a good information resource , but it is hard to find useful information fast . irc channels are the first place to get involved . join a few rooms to get into contact with developers . maybe you find a beginners task on which you can start working . also you need knowledge about android/linux kernels , hw drivers , C and some java .
i second to what @blundell said . for moding , rooting and flashing first try finding a cheap hardware and also checkout the support for rooting , building cutom kernel , custom system image for your chosen hardware and get going . there are lots of resources available from xda modaco cyanogenmod . for app developement on android follow this below link to start with installation and configuration of sdks . . . . http://developer.android.com/index.html there books avaialable on amazon . for deigning ui , android fundamenttals , professional . . . . try searching some books which gives you the insight of ' what is what ' and ' who made who '
if it keeps doing this even though you have done a factory reset , i would just go ahead and exchange for a new one . you could , however , try flashing a rom via odin with re-partition , to completely start fresh . instructions ( assuming you have the i9000 model ) are below . go to this xda thread and download the newest firmware for your region ( caveat : if you are concerned about warranty , you do not want to use the 2.3 firmware since it was not officially released . to be safest , flash the exact version you already have ) . download odin for windows ( search for " heimdall " if you are on linux ) . then do the following : put your phone into download mode remove the battery hold volumedown plus the home key plus power . while holding , reinsert the battery . release the power button , still holding the others , about 1 second after the white " gt-i9000" text appears . after a few seconds a yellow triangle with an android in it should appear , this is download mode . if it does not , try this again while holding power the whole time . start up odin . attach the phone to your pc via usb so that odin recognizes it . load the . zip file you downloaded ( the rom/firmware ) into the pda field of odin . load the 512 . pit file into the pit field of odin . check " re-partition " . hit start . odin will tell you when it is done ; if it fails , reboot your phone and try again . ( this happens occasionally ) . note that if you need to back anything up , you should do that beforehand and save the backup to your pc , since everything ( except probably the external sd card ) will be wiped on the phone . also note that you do this at your own risk ; odin is very powerful and misusing it can damage your phone . i have used it dozens of times myself safely .
for rooting , see how do i root my phone ? you should be able to use another launcher regardless , but you can get a close-to-aosp experience with cyanogenmod . i do not believe that phone is officially supported by cm but someone 's porting it : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=946354 the xda android development forum for the optimus one was only recently broken off from the optimus v forum , so the roms probably can be used interchangeably with minor tweaks . i suggest asking on xda though .
there are several system monitors available you might want to give a try . some of them log activities while running in the background , so no information is lost when the device has to be rebooted . while these might not directly point out the troublemaker , you could still see at what time the freeze happened , and which apps might have been active then -- so they should bring you at least closer to finding the culprit . one of those monitor apps is systempanel app / task manager ( it has a free trial version , but that does not log in the background but only allows for " live monitoring" ) . some screenshots from the playstore for illustration : systempanel ( source : google play ) an alternative would be system tuner , which offers similar functionality .
the files you downloaded from that site are for a samsung galaxy y . your phone is a samsung galaxy ace duos . you need to find a rom suitable for your phone . you are lucky that installing that rom did not brick the phone completely . you can not undo an update : to get back to what you had before , find a stock rom image for your phone ( probably from http://sammobile.com for a samsung phone ) and install it following the provided instructions . alternatively , if you still want android 4.1 , look for an unofficial 4.1 rom for your phone and install it in the same way . see also : where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ?
i have followed the guide in this page and reinstalled a stock version of android : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1196179 then i reinstalled cwm recovery and flashed cyanogenmod .
found this thread on the vibrant section of the xda devs forum : not enough space in music database ? ( pretty sure the vibrant is a us carrier-specific version of the galaxy , with this weird obsession us networks seem to have for making up alternative names for devices ) . maybe it has something to do with how the app handles various artists and/or unknown artists . i added all my music , then deleted tracks from various artist albums until it worked again . i then put back the various artist album track and it did not work , as expected . i thought this was artist based , but when i got it working again--by deleting the track mentioned above--and then added a track for a various artist album by an artist that already existed , the app crashed too . i then thought it might be song based . so i removed that song and then added a set of songs . however , it unexpectantly worked . the difference with the set of songs added above is that they were not part of a various artist album . they were a new artist , but the main album artist was not various with a contributing artist of the actual artist name . instead , the album artist was the artist name and the contributing artist was left blank ( or had the same name ) . so , it is that the music app does not understand how to handle various artist albums ? plugged sd card into my pc , did a search for files named * . mp3 with " various " in the artist tag , moved all of them off the card . plugged card back into galaxy again , waiting for media indexing to finish , i can now view the artists column without the app crashing . still can not search in the app without crashing , but i have a few more compilation type albums so will try spotting and removing all of them to see if it helps . update nov 2010 : the music player included in the official samsung froyo ( android 2.2 ) update , seems to have fixed this problem , or at least made it so that i can have the majority of my tracks on the phone without this problem showing up .
walking navigation was just released today [ sept 9 ] as an update to google maps 4.5.0
just tried on my samsung galaxy s with the search box at the top of this page in the built-in browser and i get a flashing cursor all the time i am not typing ( it disappears while i am typing but comes back if i pause for a moment ) i am using the built-in swype keyboard . also tried switching back to the samsung keyboard ( by long-pressing on a text field , then selecting input method and selecting samsung keyboard ) and still see a cursor in the search box on this web site . my galaxy 's running the standard samsung version of android 2.1 , pretty sure i do not have any apps installed that affect the keyboard or browser .
try using a different browser . also you could try going into settings , apllications , manage applications , find the browser you are using and clear data , if that option is not there , try cache . reboot and see what happens .
press and hold the ? 123 key at the bottom , left corner of the standard samsung galaxy s keyboard . the keyboard switches to a four arrow cursor pad that you can use to move around a text field . there is also a delete key , select , cut , copy , and paste ; click the text key to switch back into keyboard mode . this works with just about all text fields in all applications that i use .
simply the answer would be no . according to whatsapp faq , your whatsapp chat history is not stored on their servers but , there are certain things you can do to save your chat history . make back-ups of your whatsapp conversations if your whatsapp conversations are important to you , it is a good idea to make backups of them so you do not lose them if there is a problem with the app . to do this , go to the settings menu , choose ' chat preferences ' then click on the chat history backup option . chat preferences ( click image for larger variant ) email the conversations you can send an entire conversation history from whatsapp via email . in android , click on the menu option in a conversation ( it is on the bottom-right of the screen ) , go to ' more ' and select ' email conversation ' , before entering the address of the recipient . whatsapp will create an email with the whole text conversation , including any pictures , voice or video clips .
you said that you have some important data on phone . using " volume up+home button+power button " combination in some phones hard resets the phone . so taking your phone to a service center is a good solution .
the only way this would happen is if you downloaded the old version of your app before google had " pushed out " the new version you uploaded . if you download an app you will not get anything but the most recent version google has available . i assume you just did not wait quite long enough after uploading before trying to download it .
see if you have something like this : System settings &gt; Application Manager &gt; All &gt; Downloads
if you sync your contacts with google than you can add a special calendar . that you can only do on the web interface . select settings | calendar settings in google calendar . go to the calendars tab . follow the browse interesting calendars  link under other calendars . open the more tab . click subscribe for contacts ' birthdays and events . now after syncing the events will show up in the calendar app .
it depends on the android version . i used to have froyo and gingerbread ( stock ) it would not import the birthday info , but custom rom miui does import the birthday info .
you need the android sdk installed on your computer to be able to do anything in the debugging mode . i think that will also install the relevant driver . try installing it and see if it works . http://developer.android.com/sdk/win-usb.html
what you are probably seeing is the charge monitor greatly mis-estimating the amount of charge left in the battery . it thinks there is a lot of charge left , but in reality there is notthe battery is almost depleted . when the battery actually runs out , reality takes over , and the phone goes off . you had normally only see this when using a battery that is long past its lifespan . you also should see this during the dayor at least , you should see a much shorter than expected battery life . you could try resetting to factory defaults ( wiping the phone ) , which might help if its just a software issue . i would guess its a hardware issue , and you need to rma the phone .
you can go through these links to see if you can get your google account back : google account recovery - link 1 google account recovery - link 2
the way i did it was to install dd-wrt on my home router and enable pptp vpn . then i just put in the user name and password in the vpn settings in gingerbread .
openvpn would seem to be another good solution if you cannot install dd-wrt on your router . there is a client app for it (http://www.appbrain.com/app/openvpn-settings/de.schaeuffelhut.android.openvpn) but you need to have rooted your phone to use it .
apparently the only way to get dialer is to reinstall the european firmware : http://www.thegalaxytabforum.com/index.php?/topic/151-gt-phone-dialer/ btw , you are on the wrong site . so is for specific programmers questions .
on your galaxy tab goto Application&gt;Contacts  now select dialer tab
although i am surprised it did not work in windows 7 out of the box ( it worked on my pc ) there is a way to fix it . please open c:\windows\inf\wpdmtp . inf in notepad and add following ; Nexus 7 %GenericMTP.DeviceDesc%=MTP, USB\MS_COMP_MTP %GenericMTP.DeviceDesc%=MTP, USB\VID_18D1&amp;PID_4E42&amp;MI_00  in two places - at the end of sections [Generic.NTx86] and [Generic.NTamd64] this method will also work on windows 7 after installing windows media player 11 .
i have had some trouble myself hooking up my nexus 7 with a windows 7 computer , even though i would figure the device is new , windows would be able to locate and download drivers itself . its probably some conflict between the two , have you tried first installing the adb driver after installing the nexus 7 as an mtp device ?
when you add the account through the gmail app , you will enter your account info , it will verify the info , and then ask you what you had like to sync , if anything at all . if you do not want anything to sync from the account , then nothing will be . if you change your mind , you can go into the settings -> accounts and sync , and the change it up .
yes ( if i understand you correctly ) . just go into settings - accounts and sync , then modify what things are synced per account . in other words , work@gmail . com can be set to sync gmail , contacts , calendar , etc . but you can set play@gmail . com to just sync gmail ( not contacts , etc ) . there are checkboxes once you add the account .
the solution : thanks to the guys on this thread i figured it out . i also used the same tool they described , minitool partition wizard , though i am sure you could use any partition tool . in windows on an sdxc card you can only format in exfat and ntfs . with a third party tool , you can make the card a fat partition . once you do this , the card is recognized in my s2 with no issues . i assume this will work with other phones that have " grey " support for large capacity sdxc cards . hope this helped y'all !
as well as being in the right format , there are two types of sdxc cards . for devices that say that cards above 32gb may not be supported , they only support the v2 sd card , and devices that say they support above 32gb , the take both v2 and v3 . v1 is now redundant .
as of this moment , it is a known fact ( not necessarily an issue ) that the xposed framework does not work with art . so , you either : stay with dalvik runtime , and get the advantage of using xposed ; or uninstall xposed framework , and get the advantage of using art after installing xposed , the runtime gets reset from art to dalvik . can you stop it please ? you can be glad that i implemented this , otherwise you would be in a bootloop know . xposed is not compatible with art ( yet ) . it is a completely different architecture with pretty much no documentation . rewriting xposed for the art runtime requires understanding the concept , the code structure and many details to know how it works . i have already spent dozens of hours on that and some things are working . but still it is a long way ahead . do not expect even a test version in the near future . so please do not ask when it will be available - you will surely know when it is ready . i have nothing else to say about that .
i suggest checking out 3rd party keyboards . there are some free and paid alternatives that may show a nice improvement for you . there are even stock keyboards for other phones that have been ripped out and placed online as apks to download and install . check out your favorite eris/android message board to get some suggestions , and also check the market and try them there , too .
whatsapp requires a sim-card as stated in a comment already . i know from various xda-developers discussions , that it is easier to do a backup from whatsapp on your phone with titanium backup , and then restore it inside your vm . beware : the message database is local and messages are not synced across identical accounts .
i was able to install android on virtualbox normally but never got whatsapp working on it , always errors and complications ( tablets are not supported , etc . . . ) . finally i found the only solution that worked for me on a spanish website . no sim-card needed ! also beginners will understand ! here 's the way i did it : download virtualbox for your system , install it . . . download android with whatsapp included android_4.1.1_whatsapp . ova . this is a fully working android version with whatsapp already installed if downloaded , open virtualbox and select " file"-menu " import appliance . . . " " open appliance " locate the downloaded " android_4.1.1_whatsapp . ova " , select it and press " open " " continue " " import " now you should have a virtual machine in vbox named " androvm_vbox86t_4.1.1_r4-20121002-gapps " . select it and press " start " . a window with running android will pop up , let it load , unlock it ( if cursor does not work , disable in " machine"-menu the " mouse integration" ) your android version will be in spanish language . with translate . google . com you will be able to select your own language in the settings menu in android . whatsapp is already installed , just run it and type a number you can be called with . . . follow the steps and there you go . hope i could help you , i am german , apologize for bad english ; )
you could use wi-fi manager . in its settings , it has Switch to best network .
for chrome bookmarks the easiest way is to enable chrome bookmark syncing via your google account . if this has not been automatically done , you can find the option to log in to your google account from chrome in menu -> settings -> sign in to chrome . after this , your bookmarks will be synced to the cloud and you can simply repeat the process on the new device . note that this also works for the desktop and ios versions , if you will ever need them .
you could use a dedicated backup app such as backup sms , contacts and apps : this is a backup manager / backup assistant which lets you maintain backups of various things such as contacts , sms , calendars , bookmarks , apps and call logs . all of this can be kept safely in your email id and on your external memory . also helps transfer data from one phone to another . ( emphasis mine ) . the quote is from the app description , and as my emphasis shows , this should be perfectly fitting your needs .
these types of remote shutters usually rely on a more standard 3.5mm jack to plug into the camera . the only bluetooth solution i know of is this : http://www.amazon.com/satechi-bluetooth-wireless-eos-d2000-compatible/dp/b00anwqmwk but unfortunately it looks like its only for canon dslrs with a hotshoe .
yes you can use your android phone to act as a remote shutter for certain digital cameras . helicon remote , remote release and dslrdashboard are popular apps that uses usb otg cable to control various canon and nikon dslrs . eos remote is an app from canon tailormade for its eos series for dslrs but it makes of use of wifi though . the only application with description that makes use of both bluetooth and ir to control your camera is dslr remote plus by bitshift . try the free version available in playstore to check the compatibility with your devices . if satisfied buy the donate version and help the developer .
i had a similar issue on mine as well . the process to fix it was not to bad , knowing that you have the issue is the key . once you have gotten the proper ruu for your device in . zip format rename it to firmware . zip for ease of use . place it in your folder with fastboot ( sdk ) boot your phone into bootloader hook up your usb cable . make sure you have the fastbootusb in bootloader screen . then type the following commands , hope it goes well . re-lock your bootloader ( fastboot oem lock ) call up the ruu boot ( fastboot oem rebootruu ) you should get the htc logo at this point . flash the ruu ( fastboot flash zip firmware . zip ) at this point you could get an error 90 use the up arrow on keyboard to reselect your cmd command and hit enter . if no error or when complete type ( fastboot reboot-bootloader ) good luck many thanks to o.m.j. at xda for helping me with this issue when i ran across it .
you need to do a factory reset and wipe the dalvik cache . what bootloader are you using ? twrp or clockwork would be examples . i would enter this as a comment but lack the necessary reputation . this tread on xda may be of use . soft bricked - xda
you can compare that to other os 's versions as well : a program designed for e.g. windows 8 does not necessarily run on windows 95 . development goes on , and that includes the api s they provide . with each new version , new interfaces are available to the programmers , saving them from " re-inventing the wheel": why code an entire library yourself , when it is much easier to access one that is already available ? but if a specific feature was introduced with version 4.1 , and the developer made use of that in his app , that app would not work properly on versions 4.0 and below , obviously . so depending on the apis used , such an app might not even start on a lower version , or some core functionality would not be available at all or even crash . to prevent the user from such mishap , developers must declare a " minimum required api level " in the manifest 1 of their apps . as each " api level " corresponds with a specific android version , this makes the app " incompatible " with lower versions . 1 the manifest is an xml file included in every android app , declaring the app 's requirements .
check out this list : proxy , tunnel and co . though it is in german , you already find the relevant apps grouped by their purpose . for vpn , try vpn ( also in german ) . the german language should be no problem concerning mapping apps to the requested topics ( vpn , tunnel , . . . ) , as that part is language-neutral . descriptions can mostly be replaced by those from the play store -- or taken from the linked ( english ) reviews . so basically , all information is there .
should this question stay afloat : i recently created a vpn tunnel from my android devices to my home win7 pc and it was much easier than i thought . i am running android 4.1 ( jelly bean ) , but this setup also worked with 4.0 ( ice cream sandwich ) and should work with other versions too . first , i had to find a way to create a vpn server . openvpn looked awesome but several previous questions made it look like it might be more hassle than i was interested in ( respect for those who get it working ! ) . i stumbled across two different solutions that would fit my needs and ability : setup dd-wrt to run a vpn server straight from a hacked router this how-to geek article provides a drop-dead simple explanation of setting up the dd-wrt vpn service . this , i think , is ideal because my router just sits at home all day and is always on . alas , after checking if my older router was compatable , it turned out that the specific build of dd-wrt i am running ( "micro " in my case ) does not include the vpn server functionality . if yours does , i would say go to town . i am planning on upgrading my router to someday obtain this very function . configure a windows 7 pc to accept incoming vpn connections alternatively , i found a blog post describing how to set up windows to accept an incoming connection . there is honestly not much to say , this was just a few clicks and now it is up and ready - any time the pc is powered on i can log into the vpn created by it with my windows login credentials . i use the wol function built into dd-wrt , combined with web-access to my router , to remotely wake my pc whenever i need to use the vpn . be sure to forward port 1723 to the pc that will be negotiating these incoming requests . second , i just had to connect . in ics/jb , go to System settings &gt; Wireless and Networks &gt; VPN &gt; Add VPN network and enter your info . i use ddns to work around having to keep up with my isp 's dynamically-assigned ip address . with a little reading and a little network know-how , this was up and working in a few minutes and was much easier than i thought it was going to be !
why not install noled . your screen will light up with dots or icons depending the setup .
at the moment , there is no central spot on your phone to control which notifications show up on your phone and how they behave across apps . for this end , you will need to open up each application and tweak how and when it notifies you about new messages or other events . generally speking , every app has some settings ( or preferences ) that are accessible by the more button . hit the button and a sub-menu of options will pop up , with settings often among them . in most android apps settings , you will find a category for " notification , " " alerts , " or something akin . for the email app that i use for my company emails , it is labelled " notification settings " . find yours and click it ! from the presented screen , you can usually change when and how an app notifies you of whatever it monitors . taking the example of the email app that i am using , i can : un-check the " inbox notifications " entirely to disallow notifications on the status bar . select a ringtone for my incoming email messages . set the phone to vibrate when a new email arrives . with this options you can adjust your app to react the way you intend . note : some system global settings may overwrite your definitions for specific behaviours setup on each app . also some power saving apps like the one i use : easy battery saver have global settings to save battery , included preventing the phone from highlighting or vibrating . i have performed some successful tests using the vodafone huawei u8510 running android os , v2.3 ( gingerbread ) . as far as my knowledge goes , the android 2.2 . x froyo has pretty much the same notification behaviour .
never ever flash android rom without wiping data / cache wipe dalvik cache format system ( optional , but requires for some rom ) always read instructions carefully before flashing any rom / mod and reverify whether its for your phone model only . anyway , as you said you are not able to go to recovery mode , therefore there is no use of having a backup . try to reset your phone , ( ie , press power button for approx 7 - 10 sec ) . if nothing works , follow below instructions : take out the battery . put on the back cover . hold both volume + and volume - while plug in the usb cable to a pc . it will automatically get into ftm mode . then flash generic 2.2 firmware on it . after flashing , it may stuck in the ftm loop . put in the battery and flash again . after 2nd flashing , take out the battery for 10 seconds . then put it back . press and hold both power and volume + to boot into android . i have no experience with zte v9 , so i can not hand on step by step tutorial . hope your phone gets well soon . sources : modaco : zte bricked androidforums : zte unbrick manual
i have tried to do this in my own car - here 's my experience with it . from a " hearing the person " perspective , the headphone jack into the car 's speaker system works great . what is even better is that the person does not ( generally ) hear themselves talking either ( no echo or feedback ) . this is using an original moto droid , so your mileage may vary . the problem that i have with this kind of setup is having the person hear me . i still , generally , have to hold the phone up to my mouth for the person on the other side to understand what i am saying . i have found it helps a little bit to enable speaker phone , but then the person sometimes gets the echo feedback . it is really a no-win situation . most likely , you will have to get an aftermarket blue tooth headset .
it is possible to use it this way but the quality of the results are going to depend on your phone , the car and how loud you have the speakers . i have done something similar with my moto droid 1 and will share my experience : the only difference between my configuration and the one you are inquiring about was that instead of plugging directly into an audio jack in my car i used an fm transmitter that i plugged into my headphone jack on my phone ( which then wirelessly beamed the phones audio to 88.1 fm on my stereo ) . in the past i have done the same thing with a tape deck adapter . needless to say the result was that all audio on my phone was coming out of my car speakers . i did this to listen to music and podcasts and accidentally discovered the hands free component when i got a call while it was hooked up this way . needless to say i was surprised to find that there was no feedback loop , no echo , and the person on the other end could not hear the speakers at all . it was also reported to me by the person on the other end of the line that my microphone was picking up my voice just fine , even though the droid was sitting in my cup holder . none of this really seem logical to me but it worked . that being said i do not know how a different phone would respond with a different car . i suggest that you bring a male to male 3.5 in headphone cord when you test drive the vehicle and place a test call to someone you have already briefed on the situation , so they can help you evaluate the quality of the call .
you can unlock your samsung galaxy s using unlock code . you can get unlock codes from the network provider or online vendors like unlocking4u . com . but , most network providers will provide the unlock code only if the contract period is over . from online vendors you can get the unlock code at any time for a small price .
to unlock your phone , use galaxsim unlock . you need root for this app . if you do not have root , the app will give you instructions on how to root your phone .
first you need to know if your phone is cdma or gsm . if it is a cdma phone then it cannot be unlocked . gsm phones can be unlocked to make it work with other networks . if you want to unlock your phone for free you can root your phone but it is at your own risk . also rooting voids your warranty . safer method is to get an unlock code from the unlock code providers like http://www.samsungsimunlock.com/ there are other unlock code providers like http://www.unlocking4u.com but there are slightly expensive . unlocking phones is restricted in some countries . recently us passed a law where unlocking phones is illegal that are manufactured after jan 26th 2013 . phones manufactured before that date can be unlocked . please check your local laws before unlocking .
installed the adb drivers for samsung galaxy s . enabled the phone to be rooted using superoneclick and finally unlocked using galaxysim unlock . thanks for the tips .
on my cwm i have " mount usb storage " option under the menu " mounts and storage " .
this suggestion assumes familiarity with connecting to the phone via adb i had a similar situation on my previous phone . i was able to pull the important stuff over adb when the phone was in recovery . in my case i had to mount some of the filesystems to access everything i wanted to retrieve . i am not sure if it is dependent on the phone whether the adb service is available in recovery . on mine it was available in both recovery and download mode . if adb on your computer recognizes and can connect to your phone you should be able to retrieve and save any files you need . if you are not familiar with adb this is a good place to start : http://www.xda-developers.com/android/all-in-one-guide-to-adb/ if you need any help with it let me know , adb is a whole other topic so keeping it simple here .
as the answer to are google books drm protected ? explains , acsm files are drm-protected , so you can only read them in the play books app itself , not in another ebook app . once you have " pinned " the book and it has downloaded , you can read it offline in the play books app .
long press on the power off switch while plugged in , next tap on the power off prompt . when it powers off make sure the charging light remains on . if light is not on press power on quickly just so that the battery percentage shows in the center , it should blank screen again and the charging light come on and remain on . you can retest battery charge percent again anytime . when ready to use long press on power on/off to on and watch or wait for rebooting to take place .
most of the app 's data is stored in internal memory , below /data/data . you cannot access these directories/files directly if your device is not routed ; same applies to moving it elsewhere . but if your device is rooted , the keyword are data2sd , app2sd , and link2sd : app2sd : the " official " way to move your apps to the sdcard ( see : app2sd and its tag-wiki , the latter describing it in more details ) . this method moves a big part of the app itself over to the sdcard . can be used without rooting the device . link2sd : an advanced variant of app2sd . this moves the entire app to the sdcard , and then creates symbolic links to the " original places " -- fooling the system to think " nothing ever happened " . requires the device to be rooted , plus a separate partition on the sdcard . see link2sd and its tag-wiki for more details . data2sd : does not care for the apps , but for their data . also requires the device to be rooted . we have no tag for that , but you might want to look up the corresponding app on google play : root # all data2sd card . .
simple , really : android is safely shutting down vital parts of the run-time , broadcasting intents to notify apps/services to gracefully shut down , which in turn flush their caches for data and shared-preferences , save what-nots to the sqlite database , etc . in other words , apps and services are given a chance to do their clean up systematically . the commands that you have tried are harsher , they actually bypass the safety mechanisms for a graceful shutdown . android is not linux per se , in the sense of an ordinary desktop version of linux where those commands could be issued to shutdown the linux environment . it might be possible to create a wrapper script such as this : #!/bin/sh am broadcast android.intent.action.ACTION_SHUTDOWN sleep(5) reboot  you could save this as safe_shutdown.sh , with permissions of 0755 . mileage may vary , depending on handsets and roms . . . so no guarantees there .
do not know about forcing contacts onto your sd card , but here are some good approaches to minimizing the volume of contacts that you sync to your phone : sync only gmail &quot ; my contacts&quot ; group on android 2.3 how do i sync only &quot ; my contacts&quot ; from google on samsung galaxy s ?
as far as i know , all contacts in android stored in a sqlite database inside the private folder of the " contact storage " app . the location is at /data/data/com . android . providers . contacts/databases/contacts . db so if you have root access to your device , it is theoretically fesible to either bind a folder on your sd card to the above location , or it is possible to make the above folder a symbol link ( soft link ) to a location on your sd card . however , this is not recommended because the stability and performance of your device can be affected . for example , if you connect your phone to pc and mount it as drive , the sd card is temporarily unmounted on the phone . another risky situations is when you boot your mobile phone and before the sd card is mounted . the contact storage app may try to access the contact list ( maybe for caching some of the favorite contacts , or maybe someone call you ) during this period , all these may not be expected by the contact storage app and could result in unpredictable result ( e . g . a dirty state of the app which make your contact inaccessible ) .
you can backup your contacts to sd-card : open contacts app and press menu button . click on ' back up contacts ' . select ' memory card ' . creating groups in google contacts : open https://www.google.com/contacts and sign in with your google account . there is an option to create groups ( the last but one option on left column ) click it and name the group . new group is now created under ' my cantacts ' . you can add contacts in it . filtering contacts : you can filter contacts from particular group . to do this , click on menu button and select ' filter ' option . click on your google account ( last option with email id ) . uncheck the groups you want to filter out and click ok .
without root access you have 2 options . both options ( may ) allow you to access the files for a particular app , e.g. the folder /data/data/com . app . packagename . if the application is debuggable you can use the run-as command in adb shell ( more info about what adb is and how to install it can be found here ) adb shell run-as com.your.packagename` cp /data/data/com.app.packagename/  if the application is not debuggable , you can use android 's backup function . adb backup -noapk com.app.packagename  you will now be prompted to ' unlock your device and confirm the backup operation ' . it is best not to provide a password , otherwise it becomes more difficult to read the data . just click on ' backup my data ' . the resulting ' backup . ab ' file on your computer contains all the app 's data in android backup format . basically it is a compressed tar file . this page explains how you can use openssl 's zlib command to uncompress it . you can use the adb restore backup.db command to restore the backup .
there are standards for this , as in the xlist command for imap , which has recently been superseded by the special-use extension of the imap list command . gmail supports these , and fastmail , and mail clients like thunderbird and opera , and even outlook 2013 apparently . the problem with the android mail app ( at least for me ) is that it does not understand these commands , and simply creates folders with localized names . in opera mail and also in thunderbird , you can also manually pick the imap folders to use for storing deleted and sent messages . so you could choose the imap folders that the android client is already using , do not forget to make these changes to all the mail clients if you have multiple machines accessing that imap account . that might help .
sdcards remount by default as read only on errors , could be one . or the contacts of the sd slot are dirty or loose or the micro usb port is so overused that random connect events happen that might get your card unmounted for a mount on a then not existing pc . ^that paragraph is based on what happened to my motorola milestone 2 , if i plugged that into the car charger it want crazy activating and deactiving dock mode 6 times per second . maybe something similar goes for charge indicatiors . also magnets in vicinity of androids can cause the strangest quirks
to install the custom rom you need to have clockwork mod installed on the tablet/phone . clockwork mod is the software tool that installs the custom rom . see xda developers for information on how to install clockwork mod .
click on the man picture on the drop down . click on the man picture on the next two screens that come up . you should have two options " take new photo " and " select new photo from gallery " , add the photo here .
open the people application ( it is the name of the contacts app in jelly bean ) and edit the entry for " me " . set your picture there .
glad your problem is resolved . however , to answer the question a little more directly , there are logs where additional information for things such as this often exist . you can download android system info from electricsheep and you can view the logs here . it is very unfriendly but is sometimes helpful .
it sounds like the database is corrupted . i would go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications and clear the data for gmail and gmail storage . if that does not work , try clearing the data for everything google ( talk , google framework services , etc . ) .
so i only tried to replicate the issue for a few minutes but even when i got the recorder to stop recording ( opening the camera app forced the recorder to stop ) it saved the recording . i am not sure if you already looked on the sd card but if you have not try using es file explorer ( or other file explorer ) and go to " sdcard/my documents/my recordings " . . . thats where i found my recordings . maybe its still there .
if the data still exists on the sd card , i have had some success with recuva . it might even be able to help if the file is on internal storage . the question becomes , then , how to find the file ?
another option is to go to Settings -> Applications -> Manage applications -> All ( tab at top ) -> Maps -> Clear data and/or Clear cache . if somehow something is corrupted in there , this will more-or-less reset things as if google maps was just installed but was never used .
upgrade to google maps 5.2.1 , released today .
you can usually uninstall updates from the app 's page in the market . however , previous updates to google maps had similar problems for users that never turned their phones off . try just restarting your phone .
it depends which frame was impacted . if it was the " thicker one " this one is easily replaceable ( though you have to remove pretty much everything - there are videos on youtube ) . of course if you have a warranty sticker on one of the screws warranty goes bye , bye if you remove it . if it is the " thinner " to the front the only way to fix this is to replace the whole assembly - screen included which costs big ( about 250 usd import ) . that is because the amoled is glued to that frame - you had have to unglue the glass , and unglue the screen which is impossible without breaking it . ( source )
as goggles is an app that you have said you are curious about , here are the permissions it asks for ( copied from the market web page ) : this application has access to the following : your accounts google app engine allows applications to sign in to google app engine using the account ( s ) stored on this phone . access other google services allows applications to sign in to unspecified google services using the account ( s ) stored on this phone . act as an account authenticator allows an application to use the account authenticator capabilities of the accountmanager , including creating accounts and getting and setting their passwords . manage the accounts list allows an application to perform operations like adding , and removing accounts and deleting their password . use the authentication credentials of an account allows an application to request authentication tokens . hardware controls take pictures and videos allows application to take pictures and videos with the camera . this allows the application at any time to collect images the camera is seeing . your location coarse ( network-based ) location access coarse location sources such as the cellular network database to determine an approximate device location , where available . malicious applications can use this to determine approximately where you are . fine ( gps ) location access fine location sources such as the global positioning system on the device , where available . malicious applications can use this to determine where you are , and may consume additional battery power . network communication full internet access allows an application to create network sockets . your personal information read contact data allows an application to read all of the contact ( address ) data stored on your device . malicious applications can use this to send your data to other people . write contact data allows an application to modify the contact ( address ) data stored on your device . malicious applications can use this to erase or modify your contact data . storage modify/delete usb storage contents modify/delete sd card contents allows an application to write to the usb storage . allows an application to write to the sd card . having used goggles for a while , these all seem fairly innocuous , here are what goggles does that needs those permissions : your accounts everything under this heading is needed because goggles links to your google account and stores your goggles history in your google account , so that you can go back at look at your previous searches , even after you change phones . to do this it needs to access the google account login credentials already saved in your phone 's " accounts " list , otherwise it would have to prompt you to log in to google every time you open it , or re-save your credentials again itself , which is a bit silly when they are already stored centrally on the phone . if you have more than one google account on your phone , then the first time you open goggles it asks you which one you want to save your history into . there is a setting that stops it saving your search history if you do not want this . hardware controls the entire point of goggles is to take pictures using the camera , it can not do that without these permissions . your location using goggles you can take pictures of landmarks and buildings and have it automatically identify them . it uses your location to help it narrow down the guesses of what you are photographing . network communication it uses google 's servers and massive databases to help it identify the potentially billions of different things you could photograph and ask it to recognize . your personal information * read/write contact data * you can take a photo of a business card with goggles and have it save the contact details from the business card straight into your contacts . storage you can set goggles to save all the images it takes to your sd card for later viewing via the gallery app ( this is in the settings and is off by default ) . so , as far as i can see , they have a legitimate reason for all of the permissions that the app asks for that fits with one or more of the apps functions or needs . could they also use these permissions for other purposes ? yes , but personally i trust the app to only use the access for the required purposes , after all google has plenty of other ways to get all of that info , as i am already syncing all of my contacts , etc up to gmail anyway !
if you are concerned about your privacy in general , there are approaches that can be taken . you will never convince google to let go of their data hunger , and you will not argue many developers into changing their permission requirements , as most of those are really needed for core functionalities of the apps -- or at least functionalities most of the users want from them . but you can do something about your devices : privacy protectors for rooted devices if your device is rooted , there are a few apps available to protect your data . best known in this area is lbe privacy guard ( which has some troubles with jelly bean currently ) , a closed-source app from china . used by many people not only there , first doubts ( closed source + china = spyware ? ) will not hold long : people even tracked what the app was doing , up to now i heard no evil thing . second , there is pdroid privacy protection , which is a little tricky to install , and finally it is open source pendant pdroid manager . all these apps allow you to restrict actions an app might want to perform -- without causing the app to crash . most likely all of them feed the apps fake data instead : empty contacts/calendar , no network available , no ( or a fake ) location , randomly generated imei , and the like . you can configure on a per-app base which permissions to restrict . but for sure , root is a must-have for them -- otherwise they would not be able to restrict other apps . privacy settings for all devices without root , this gets a little tricky -- and not at all that perfect : you can disable all sync , use a non-google calendar/contacts app ( with their own databases , not syncing with google or anything else ) , decide to not backup your data to google , etc . if you feel that is not enough , take a look at the article life without google for additional hints . going paranoid , you can also disable wifi and mobile network completely . that is almost like buying a dumb-phone then -- but using apps from other sources ( as explained in the linked article ) , you had still have phone and pda in one device . you had just miss the other " half " of its features . conclusion many of us do not like to give up their privacy , though most do not seem to care . the android system is still better in keeping it than many other systems around ( no bashing , so i will not name any ) . with some precaution , a compromise seems possible to me : stay away from apps violating your privacy too much , and chose wisely what you install and use : )
the apps are usually in some way tied to your contacts . like gmail for example , if they did not read your contacts , you could not get your contacts to show up when you typed in an email address or name . if they did not write , you could not add a new gmail contact . do you have a specific app you are curious about ? you cannot limit permissions of an application ( by default , but there are some 3rd party roms that are testing this functionality )
this is something you should ask the it support people at your university about . most mysterious problems like this are caused by security settings on the wi-fi network itself . probably it is mac-filtered , so only devices that have been registered with the network administrators are able to connect . you might have forgotten registering your previous phone if you have had it for a long time .
well , that is weird i would say if the device is working with the other wi-fi network then have you tried talking with the network administrators ? sometimes they block mac address to prevent misuse ! i would say this problem can only be solved from the network admins . try talking to them about the problem .
it is possible that your device does not support the encryption and authentication methods that eduroam uses . while normal wpa2 encrypted wifis use tkip encryption , eduroam uses aes . in addition to this , the device must support enterprise authentication ( sometimes called 802.1x ) , and a compatible eap method ( eap ttls-pap , peap , eap tls eap fast ) . which of these is used is up to your network administrator . like the other answers said , try asking your network admins for help .
easiest way if rooted : you can use gravitybox , to hide the alarm-clock-symbol . open the app . go to " adapt status bar " ( i do not know the exact english translation ) choose " adapt clock " tick the box next to " hide alarm symbol "
you can download wanam xposed from the play store link : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=ma.wanam.xposed when you open the app you will be instructed to install the framework ( i have done it personally and have not had any problems ) once this is done go back to the original app and there will be many customizable features available including one for hiding the alarm clock icon this is not my app just use it personally and find it great i use stock jb 4.3 rooted
in gentle alarm , you must go to the settings and turn on advanced features . then other preferences > notifications , and then you are presented with many options for the type of notification or turning it off .
no , for the same reasons detailed in this answer . stackexchange-url
there is if you use the alarm app , gentle alarm . besides the plethora of amazing features that app has , you can also turn off the notification bar icon and the app still runs in the background just fine . i have been running it that way for a long time . on a semi-related note , my favorite feature of gentle alarm is the ability to keep alarms scheduled , but skip as many of them in order as you want . that way if you are on vacation for one day you can turn off scheduled alarm ( s ) for just that day and not be annoyingly woken up . i was on vacation for a week and was able to turn them all off and the following week i did not have to remember to turn my alarms back on , already taken care of .
i achieve this with the app ; smart alarm free . it simply has a setting for it . also it is a way better alarm app .
if you are running jelly bean ( or newer ) , there is the option of disabling all notifications from an app . the setting is per-app and can be found in settings > apps > ( select the app ) > uncheck the " show notifications " box . the one caveat to this method is that the app will no longer show any notifications in the notification bar , but if that is acceptable to you than i have found this method to be an easy way to stop my notification drawer from filling up with unnecessary notifications .
i have a non-branded htc desire and i get ota updates just fine . you will actually get the updates sooner because these updates are provided by htc directly , which operators have to brand for their devices first before making them available . i can not imagine this being any different for the desire hd . you will also have more options for installing updates by hand , as described here for example ( again , this is for desire , not desire hd )
i received ota update to 2.2 in the summer . i have a sim-free htc desire for russian market . i bought in april . i see no obstacles why a sim-free phone would not get an ota update . generally it should be released faster , because it comes from htc . in case of branded phones , update comes from carriers . that may need additional time as carriers include their software into the update .
afaik , android updates are released by the google then the phone 's manufacturer ( e . g . htc ) writes updates for the drivers , and providers ( e . g . t-mobile ) only help with the distributions . so you will at least be able to do manual updates as long as your phone manufacturers released the update . however , this means getting update depends on your phone manufacturers support ( i heard htc is quite good on this ) . if , for example , your manufacturer decided not to support updating of your phone ( e . g . samsung has no plans for updating spica to froyo ) , then you probably will not be able to update using official rom ( although there is almost always a community update to non-official roms ) .
the android bug report system . search to see if someone has already suggested the feature , then submit your idea using the feature request template .
no , i do not see anything remotely related in the settings unfortunately . and no option to remember seems to pop up when you display images .
there is a modified version of gmail app available over on xda if you feel like you really need to always show images and are willing to replace the " stock " gmail app . it may require root , not sure . edit here is another thread on a gmail that shows images all the time .
maybe because you have not removed only the small apps that does not take significant space . go to settings -> apps -> select " all " on apps tab -> click menu and click sort by size . you will see the apps sorted by the size it takes on your phone . check if the top apps in this list are taking most of your space .
go see my answer to that similar question : space problem in samsung galaxy pocket gt-s5300 it solved all my problem . samsung told me to reset my device to factory firmware . i did not want to have to reinstall everything and now i know it will always happen after a while . follow the procedure at that link and you might have to do it once or twice per year to keep it clean but you will not have to reset your device .
go to Contacts &gt; Menu &gt; Display Options , click on your google account and make sure the box for " all other contacts " is checked .
when i looked at my contacts online , most were part of a group called " my contacts " . these people could be searched in the contacts app and in the phone dialer . there was another group called " other contacts " . these were only searchable in the phone dialer . i found a " fix " . first , i moved these over to the " my contacts " group on the web , synced my phone , but it did not fix it . so i tried to find where the setting was to display these people in the contacts app . for me ( running a custom rom similar to stock on an htc sensation ) , there was a drop down list at the top of the app that said " phonebook " . when i saw the accounts in there , my gmail account said it had all 2047 contacts . but what i did not realize was : there was a sub-menu . all categories in the sub-menu had checkmarks except the one called " ( ungrouped contacts ) " . when i put a check mark on that group , all the functionality was restored , and the missing contacts and searchability was back in the contacts app .
can it be that you have unchecked certain contacts to be displayed ? go to contacts , press menu , more , display options and verify that you really display the names you want from the options on that screen .
you can not actually merge contacts on the phone . it just links them together , but on the phone only ( kinda like taking two contact cards and stapling them together rather than taking both cards and making one out of them ) . most likely , the reason behind limiting it to 5 links is after that , with a lot of different contacts , it could start slowing things down . the linking of contacts on the phone was designed as a way for you to link your facebook , twitter , google+ , etc contacts with your contacts from gmail ( since gmail 's contacts does not have a way to keep most of your external accounts tied with it ) , not for linking multiple gmail contacts together ( since you should merge those ) . if you go to http://contacts.google.com , under the more dropdown , select find and merge duplicates . this will use google 's algorithms to try and best merge your duplicate contacts together . i found that the contacts it determines are duplicates are usually accurate . if you find it did not merge two contacts together that need it , you can click the checkboxes next to their name and then under the more dropdown , select merge contacts . note : google+ contacts will automatically be linked through your gmail contacts .
aside from rooting ( temporarily or permanently ) , you can not disable the system apps prior to android 4 . your particular case may have a ray of hope , though . alternate app responding to intent if the navigation app is responding to an intent , you could try to find a different app that responds to the same intent . you had get a pop-up to choose which app to open when the pins short and the phone thinks it has been docked . alternate app that can do nothing ideally , you could find an app that responded to that intent and did nothing as a result . then set that as the default handler . task killer another possible option is to use a task killer ( a rare good usage of such an app ) . there should be some that have the option of killing an app as soon as it starts ; if not , the free app llama can do that , as can other automation apps like tasker . rooting if none of the above work , you may want to root your phone . this will let you uninstall ( or simply freeze ) the navigation app so that it does not open up . fix/replace hardware the last resort , and probably most useful , is , of course , fixing/replacing the hardware .
there are quite many ice ( in case of emergency ) apps on the market ; these apps displays your contact information in your lock screen .
matthew 's comment seems most practical . . . but you can try contact owner ; that displays info for one contact on your lock screen . i use it ; it works fine .
there are a few parts to the process : unlocking or bypassing any bootloader protection , allowing the system partition to be written installing the relevant binaries to acquire root . both of these stages can vary from phone to phone , but here are a few examples : unlocking the bootloader on many oem phones , this traditionally involves exploiting a vulnerability in part of the system in order to rewrite certain partitions . sometimes it will mean flashing a new bootloader , a new recovery ( this is becoming common ) or temporarily booting from an image over usb , in order to gain recovery access to the system partiton . on the nexus range of phones , and the development phones that were released by google , it is as simple as running " fastboot oem unlock " , though this will wipe the phone . also , bowing to pressure from the development community , many manufacturers now offer an official route to unlocking the bootloader . installing the root binaries . once the system partition has been cracked then the rest is fairly straight-forward . it basically means installing the ' su ' binary ( this escalates to super user permissions ) , and an apk which provides an android front end to ' su ' , and prompts the user when an app is requesting root permission . there are several approaches to this second stage . the most common has been to use a pre-rooted rom provided by the community . there is often a choice , from the stock rom provided by the manufacturer and then tinkered with to add the binaries , through to a whole range of aosp ( android open source project ) roms , such as cyanogenmod ( one which i contribute to ) . there are some other methods . for example , some phones ( eg galaxy nexus ) can use a " superboot " bootloader , which tinkers with your existing rom as bard of the boot process . it is flashed to your phone using the fastboot program . typically there will be a single favoured approach for any particular phone .
check the ' battery ' section in the settings and see if it shows up there . also , does it run at startup automatically ? because i am not seeing that on my droid 4 - it only seems to startup when i use it , and then ( like every android app ) , it hangs around until it gets killed off . is that what you are seeing ?
the app is not running in the background . when you start it , it generates codes based on an algorithm tied to your original configuration . it for sure will not impact your battery , and is not running in the background ( the time based codes it creates , are constantly changing though - every 60 seconds - or however long ) . but the app is only using resources when it is running , and servicing out the codes to you .
trying turning phone off , take battery out . wait 15 seconds . reinsert battery , turn on . then try connecting to pc again . hopefully it'll recognise the device when you do this .
i knew i had turned it on ( autotype/autocorrect/wordpredict ) since i first got my phone , but could not figure out how to turn it off , until now . on my samsung galaxy s i use an android keyboard . there are keyboard options and typing options for the phone under settings in the app area . . . but none of those will change the features of the keyboard itself . these features are accessed from the keyboard , on the bottom line ( as it appears when you first start to type ) . . . there is a settings button ( looks like a cog or a sprocket ) next to the go button . . . you will find all the necessary settings you seek to turn on or off all of the annoying features that your keyboard does automatically . cgh
for htc one vx settings > language and keyboard > htc sence input> advance settings > ( turn off ) word prediction .
turn off tracing . this makes it impossible to disable the prediction part because they use same software bits . then disable the prediction .
the following works for me on an htc incredible . hopefully your settings are similar . settings > language and keyboard > touch input > text input > prediction . you should be able to un-check prediction .
i have a nexus s with 4.0.4 and i have turned off settings/language and input/spelling correction , but when writing smses it still corrects me . then found another settings : settings/language and input/ android keyborad -> press settings button next to this , then down you have show correction suggestion ( i am turing it to always hide )
on the galaxy s4 you can turn off the " predictive " text by going to settings in your apps . settings . . . language and keyboard . hit settings ( cog wheel ) then turn off " predictive " text .
i have a samsung galaxy glide . the predictive text feature can be shut of by doing the following : open a text window like you normally would when you send a text using go sms pro . on the bottom left hand corner you will see the settings icon which is the same as the icon for your phone settings . hit this button and it will bring up a screen of settings that you can select . uncheck the predictive text setting and voil - no more annoying auto complete when you are trying to text !
try external keyboard helper . a non visible soft keyboard ( input method ) intended to be used with hardware bluetooth and usb keyboards . it automatically brings up the input method dialog when bluetooth keyboard connects or disconnects ( on some devices this can also be made to work with usb keyboards ) . it supports a lot of different keylayouts also provides a lot of configuration options .
if you replaced the stock launcher with a 3rd-party launcher , the only way to go back to stock launcher is to clear/unset the default launcher ( which is what you did ) , and select a new launcher - in this case , the stock launcher . you will never find a shortcut to the stock launcher in your list of apps .
if you use apex launcher , you can browse available apps and their activities : long-tap on a free space on your homescreen select shortcuts , then activities scroll the list to find your " lost launcher " view its activities . there should be one activity highlighted in a different color , that is the main activity opened when you launch an app . selecting that creates a shortcut on your homescreen you can start it from . writing down the activities technical name , you can also use the " app manager " from the command-line ( terminal or adb ) to launch that activity : am start -n com.app.launcher/com.app.launcher.Activity  here you have to replace com.app.launcher with the package name of the launcher/app in question , and com.app.launcher.Activity with what you have found out above to be the activity 's name .
the cell radio in a mobile phone is designed only to receive and transmit at certain frequencies . it can not pick up an arbitrary transmission such as a radio car key , regardless of whether it is in standby or fully on . it is very unlikely that you could even do this by replacing the device 's radio firmware , let alone with a normal app . at the same time , even if you can modify the transmitter , running it on a licensed mobile phone frequency would likely constitute a criminal offence . the same goes for the wi-fi and bluetooth radios too .
here is the ultimate answer : first , on your phone , install a terminal-emulator from android market , then run cat /proc/cpuinfo  which will show you the detailed processor information of your phone ( arm5 in my case ) . afterwards , you need to install an arm5 cross-compiler environment on your linux box ( download ubuntu and virtualbox if you are a windows/mac-freak and do not have a linux box ) , in order to compile native code for your phone . you do this in order to be able to start a privilege escalation attack on your phone . so , next , you need to cross-compile a privilege-escalation attack for arm5 ( htc hero microprocessor ) . for that , use the rageagainstthecage attack made by sebastian krahmer of suse linux berlin ( in binary only ) , reverse-engineered here : http://pastebin.com/fxsgij3n a precompiled version is available here http://cmw.22aaf3.com/common/rageagainstthecage-arm5.zip download the android sdk starter kit from google . install the appropriate android platform sdk ( version 2.1 for me ) . http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html then , download the superuser ( su ) package : http://cmw.22aaf3.com/common/su-2.3.6.2-efgh.zip put all , the superuser package , the su program , and the rageagainstthecage exploit in the same folder as adb ( a program to connect to your android phone from the android sdk ) . you need to enable usb-debugging , and switch of internet sharing . next , you transmit the file rageagainstthecage . bin to folder /data/local/tmp on your phone ( initially , as normal user , you have write access only to the sdcard and the temp folder , but this is sufficient ) adb push rageagainstthecage.bin /data/local/tmp/  then you start a shell on your phone : adb shell  and change ownership on rageagainstthecage . bin to all chmod 755 /data/local/tmp/rageagainstthecage.bin  next , you start rageagainstthecage on your phone as normal user /data/local/tmp/rageagainstthecage  when the exploit finished , your adb connection should terminate . if it does not type exit adb kill-server adb start-server  now connect again to your phone : adb shell  adb shell now runs with escalated privileges ( root ) . so now , remount the file system so you can write on the system partition . mount -o remount,rw -t yaffs2 /dev/block/mtdblock3 /system exit  now push su and superuser to your phone ( remember , you have write access now ) adb push su /system/xbin/ adb push Superuser.apk /system/app/  and then change ownership on su to all adb shell chmod 4755 /system/xbin/su  next download and install one of all those free tether apps that require you to root your phone . start superuser . now start your tether app . a popup will appear , which will ask you whether you want to grant this app root access . say yes , and check remember . now switch of your phone and restart . when it has restarted , everything is back to normal , no more root privileges . but su is still there and executable for everyone . so , when logged in , start the wifi tether app . since you checked remember in the superuser app , it will use su to switch this application to root , which means it will now run fine , with only the tether app with root privileges : ) next , connect with your linux box to your brand-new working android wifi hotspot . after you are sure it works , do not forget to put access restrictions for the hotspot in place . btw , if you use your escalated privileges to export some apk packages for reverse-engineering , you will notice that android lacks the cp command . you can circumvent that restriction by using cat ( copy-cat ) instead : cat /data/app/superuser.apk &gt;&gt; /sdcard/Downloads/superuser.apk  ; - )
you will not like this answer but your carrier may provide the service if you are willing to pay extra for it . sprint offered a wifi hotspot feature for $30/month on the evo pre 2.2 . ridiculous , yes . but may be your only option .
i do not know of any way to do wifi tethering without root ( before 2.2 ) . you can , however , use bluetooth or a usb cable with pdanet which does not require root .
easy tether is an awesome app that allows wifi tethering . http://www.androidzoom.com/android_applications/communication/easytether-lite_eoqh.html
you can get unrevoked , its an app which gives you root access without changing your kernel/flashing a rom/voiding your warrenty , use that on every startup ( its automatic ) and then get the superuser app . then you can use the open tethering app which requires root access . thats the only free way to do wifi tethering . otherwise pay sprint or your provider the monthly enable tethering fee . worst case scenario you can tether using easytether app . it creates a forwarding mechanism for http requests through the usb port . requires software on android + computer . its not wifi tethering , but its free , rootless tethering . for 3 bucks you can get the pro version and do https as well . better than nothing ( or 30 bucks a month --err thats insane-- )
my samsung galaxy s ( android 2.1 ) had a tethering option build in from the start . settings-> wifi-mobile ap and i only had to check a checkbox for it to work . and it works really great . ( not locked here t-mobile/netherlands ) i can not find the application name though .
short answer , you need to root for wifi hotspot tethering , or pay sprint $30 a month . i thought about purchasing the package , but decided against it because they already charge you $10 extra per line for no legit reason . my thought there is they expect you to tether and can not do anything about it really , so they charge you extra and every month , 10 bucks adds up quickly per line , especially for those on your plan who do not even care to tether at all .
indeed the internal filesystem somehow got damaged . to fix this you need access to the filesystem itself , which can be done using adb . ( android debugging bridge ) instructions for connecting to the archos tablets using adb can be found here : http://www.archos.com/support/support_tech/updates_adb.html?country=erlang=en although the description is complete this still sometimes can be hard . you might have to restart your computer a few times , but eventually it is possible . open a command window in the directory containing the adb . exe program ( it is in the ' platform-tools ' directory under the androis-sdk-windows folder ) type : adb shell if the connection is ok , it will start a server and after e few seconds show the ' $ ' prompt . this means you are connected to the tablet and have direct access to the linux shell . if you type ' ls ' you will see a list of folders that contain the operating system and all supporting files that make your tablet work . now navigate to the folder containing the flash file system by typing : cd . /dev/block/vold if you now type ' ls ' again you should see three or four folders that have numbered names . one of them is '31:8' . this is the folder that points to the internal flash . now we can fix our problem by recreating the ms-dos ( fat32 ) file system on this partition . type the following : mkdosfs -f 32 /dev/block/vold/31:8/ this will fix the fat32 filesystem . now leave the shell by typing ' exit ' , disconnect the usb and restart your tablet . on my system this made internal storage re-appear , and after that it also mounted the sd-card . problem solved . many thanks to this post on slatedroid that contained the answer .
in my opinion there is an issue with the default mail app on the samsung galaxy phones . i have recently switched from iphone to galaxy note 3 and was really disappointed with the mail app not properly deleting emails from the server using imap . i know what i am doing and have it successfully working on other droid and ios devices . my work - around is to not use the trash can icon to delete mail but instead to use the move icon and choose to move the mail to the inbox . trash folder . or you could just use maildroid as there is much more control over what you want to do . i am back on the default mail app now and happy with my work - around as the samsung email app works best with the galaxy gear smart watch .
this might seem silly to ask , but is your auto-sync to gmail setting on ? assuming your email 's imap settings are correct , then the issue is with your phone . in the case of the default email android client , you need to have auto-sync on for each added email account . once that is checked on , your emails on the server will reflect any changes made on the phone .
when it says that , while connecting over wifi , it means that the machine is asking the local network for connection information . on a basic level it is already connected . but when it says that , it does not yet have an ip address and thus can not yet transfer tcp nor udp traffic ( probably some other types too , like icmp ) . so it is really trying to get assigned an ip address for use on the local network , which is something handled by a dhcp service ( usually in the router ) . this is not special to the device type , it is just something that is a part of networking .
why does it happen : when you connect to a dhcp enabled router , your device ( notebook , smartphone etc ) obtains an ip address in order to access internet via that router/server . which ip is that , static or dynamic : it is a dynamic internal ip address and is valid only within that network . does this ip address identify my smartphone : yes , but only in that network and it is actually the mac address of your network adapter that identifies your device , not your ip . the same is true for the router . it may have a static or dynamic ip which is given by the isp . if it is static then yes it identifies it , otherwise no . your external ip ( router 's ip ) is different from your internal ip . all of the devices connected to that router have the same external ip address .
if your smartphone says " obtaining ip-address " it means it is searching for an ip address or connecting to an ip address . if you are trying to connect via wi-fi using the smartphone , it may be a static ip address or dynamic ip address . your ip address will not identify the device , but the device has to obtain an ip address if you connect to the internet and the service provider will know about your device . every device connected to the internet has its own ip address . visit this site to check the internet ip address for your smartphone , ipad , pc or laptop .
my advice : root your device first . then copy that available ppd file into particular apps driver location and proceed usb printing .
i havent had the need for any " hacks " , i use bluetooth file transfer by medieval software available for free from google play store . with this app , i can copy an entire folder or select and copy the desired files . then , just past them into the bluetooth tab and voila , they start transferring to the computer . bluetooth file transfer ( obex ftp and opp ) for android use your smartphone to browse , explore and manage files of any bluetooth ready device , using file transfer profile ( ftp ) and object push profile ( opp ) : you can also receive files and send contacts !
bluetooth file transfer can be good if you want to initiate the transfer from the mobile device . however , since i will not to transfer file to and from pc/mac , i prefer using pc/mac to control which files i want to put/get . it is easier , quicker , and i do not have to fight with small device to properly check/uncheck files . basic settings like ' all files visible via bt ' would be awesome .
if you can connect your phone via usb cable , just drag and drop to the folder dcim . if you want to transfer them wireless , try android transfer . here is a guide that may help you : how to transfer photos from android to computer
aside from using mtp , if you have trouble with that , there are several alternatives you could use . the easiest probably is a tool like airdroid , which simply runs on your android device , and can be accessed from your computer using your web browser . another possibility ( which i use regularly ) is qtadb , which requires a little setup on your computer ( see : is there a minimal installation of adb ? ) , and usb debugging enabled on your android device . *qtadb contains a file manager , which allows you to easily transfer files to and from your device , and also to install *.apk files directly from your computer .
option 1: ( easier ) if the two devices are connected to the same wifi network , you could transfer files to and from the note 2 via an app called airdroid . it is actually quite easy to use . after installation on the note 2 , just follow the instructions . you will need to open a browser , such as chrome , and navigate to the url displayed on the note 2 . option 2: if you want to get techy , i have figured out a way to turn my tablet into a mini http server using python and the sl4a scripting layer . after a little bit of setting up , just run the script and navigate to your mobile device 's ip address . then make your way to the files on the device , right-click and save . zipping the files you want to transfer on the device first saves you a lot of time . if you need to find out your device 's ip address , you can use an app called wifi analyzer . here 's the link for the sl4a scripting layer . please follow the python instructions . p.s. make sure you only so this on a secure network . anyone with your device 's ip address would be able to access your files .
i just asked asked a similar question at *move* *photos* from android to pc *wirelessly* *in one step* after becoming frustrated that the seemingly common task of moving photos from a phone to a pc ( crazy , i know ) was met with suggestions ranging from rooting and tweaking the phone to adb to cumbersome file transfers ( fine for us techies , not fine for e.g. my grandmother ) , i found . . . tl ; dr : photo transfer app optional : application for windows side (www.phototransferapp.com/win/) or application for mac side (www.phototransferapp.com/mac/). if you dont install them ( or are using linux ) you can just connect to the phone in a web browser . . . . which does almost exactly this , except it cant delete photos off the phone ( not that i can tell anyways ) . at the time of this writing it is a reasonable $2 usd . as a bonus it supports phone-to-phone and pc-to-phone transfers as well . its faster than airdroid and good when theres no internet connection ; also the pc-side software can autodetect the device and gives clear access to photos , and doesnt require any rooting or special features or anything like that . if it could delete the photos it would be perfect . airdroid kinda works too but relays the files through an internet connection , which given current ( i.e. . past 15 years ) technology isnt actually necessary to transfer photos from a phone to a pc . thank god there are still some sane developers left in this world .
i think you can try jihosoft android photo transfer this one can : backup android pictures on pc in 3 steps support all popular android phone models preview photos before you transfer them transfer android videos to computer as well i have tried 3-5 software , but this one work best . find it at http://www.android-sms-transfer.com/help/android-photo-transfer.html
you can do this easily using an app such as sg usb mass storage enabler . as you already know , your device does not support mass storage facility . so you have to ask help from mtp modes or enable the mass storage mode . the app stated above does the latter . it is easy . but you have to have the root access . if you do not know how , use this guide to know how .
you are saying that you want to use whatsapp for another phone number of yours ? ? ? it is possible to create one whatsapp account for a single number . you cant combine two whatsapp accounts into one . if you want to create independent accounts for both your phone numbers and use whatsapp for them from your only phone then it is hell of a difficult thing . you have to logout every single time to get into the another account of yours . otherwise you should have two whatsapp apps in your phone that is impossible .
i used my s3 in " android system recovery " the option " wipe data/factory reset " seems to npt wipe /sdcard/ partition . in my case it resolved the isue , now the phone is not stuck , and all the apps that were deleted are re-installed from the cloud by android because i had backup them on the cloud . just as a side note , before i used the above option to get rid of boot stuck on samasung logo , i could not use odin to install an original firmware downloaded from here : http://www.sammobile.com/firmwares/3/?download=14509
i highly suggest using bridged mode if the vmware host is connected via ethernet . this will let the guest server think it is directly connected to the lan , and give it an ip address similar to the one of the host . this will allow you to connect to the server from any other device on the network . if you use nat , you would need to set up rules to allow incoming connections to your guest server , much more work . now , using bridged , you should not lose connectivity to your server if configured correctly . is your host machine using dhcp , or does it have a static lan ip address ? if static , make sure you change your guest os to static as well , using a free ip in the same range . if dhcp , then set your guest to use dhcp just the same . sorry if this does not answer your question directly , but i think it will help .
rom manager does not do anything particularly special to install a custom rom . it essentially makes a call to the recovery binary that allows it to save instructions for your recovery partition to run the next time it boots , thereby automating the process of flashing whatever zip file you choose . you could do the exact same thing manually . therefore , if your device needs to be s-off to flash a custom rom from recovery , it will also need to be s-off in order for rom manager to flash a rom . it will not work on an s-on device since it will not be able to write to the nand , and you will not even be able to get a custom recovery to stick in the first place , most likely , which it will ultimately need to flash the rom .
no . what you are doing there is not just setting a port number away from the default : setting the number at all is what causes the device to start listening . before you run the steps in the question , the device is not listening for adb connections on any port at all . for this reason , there is no " default port " to connect to without setting anything up on the device .
if you have a later version of android ( it works on 4.4 for sure ) , there is a wireless debugging option in developer tools . you can activate that and type this in terminal , adb connect &lt;ip address of phone&gt; it will default to using port 5555 if you do not give it a port . i think that is what you are after .
you should be able to go into settings-> sounds and change the vibration intensity along with what vibration pattern is used for calls and text messages . if this does not work , there is an app called custom sms tones on the market , download that and you can change your sms vibration patterns . it just will not work for e-mail . hope this helps !
a media server , using e.g. bubbleupnp a machine for development/coding , using e.g. terminal ide a " picture frame " ( before mentioned bubbleupnp should be able to do that along , but many gallery apps in slideshow-mode as well ) a web server , e.g. with androphp / bit web server ( php , mysql , pma ) / ulti server : php , mysql , pma  also see : turn a android phone with broken screen into dedicated web server have it ready as emergency/backup phome with some prepaid card use it as " modem"/router for devices without a sim card ( tablets etc . ) or without a data-plan , utilizing its hotspot functionality ( sure you could use your main device for it ; but using the old one keeps the juice in your main device ; ) use it as " test device " for any apps you want to try . with no important/daily-use/private data on it , you could even use some " risky sounding " apps here , and easily factory-reset it afterwards . for this , a separate google account might prove useful as well .
being able to access it wirelessly : try a vnc app , or airdroid ? mini server : check out servers ultimate apart from that , maybe try using it as a torrenting machine or a security camera .
if you go to Settings -&gt; Backup &amp; reset there is a Back up my data option which states : back up application data , wi-fi passwords , and other settings to google servers in addition to this on the android os support site it says : a wide variety of your personal data is backed up autonmatically , including your wi-fi passwords , browser bookmarks , a list of the apps youve installed on google play , the words youve added to the dictionary used by the onscreen keyboard , and most of your customized settings . some third-party apps may also take advantage of this feature , so you can restore your data if you reinstall an app . if you uncheck this option , your data stops getting backed up , and any existing backups are deleted from google servers . as for the security concerns although i assume they must be sending plain-text wifi passwords according to the backup service developer guide they are at least using a secure connection to do it over .
in the future , you can just use your phone like a flash drive when you have it plugged in . you can add it to the internal storage or a micro sd card .
i guess since no one else answered , i will post what i ended up doing as an answer . the solution that worked best for me was isyncr . it is a mac/pc app that acts as a middleman between itunes and your device , so you can sync all your itunes music , playlists , and song data . it was not perfect or free , but it was what worked the best for me .
count of 5 star * 5+ count of 4 star * 4+ count of 3 star * 3+ count of 2 star * 2+ count of 1 star divided by number of people rated
you are missing the ratings of users who did not leave comments . a large , significant number of users do not leave comments , but they do rate apps . this is what a developer will see in their dashboard , a breakdown of all ratings of their app : so i have an average rating of about 4.57 out of 331 ratings . however , in the dashboard i only have 6 pages of comments , and each page has up to 20 comments . so i have no more than 120 comments on my app . so you had only be seeing 1/3 of the ratings for my app in particular .
it was helpful if your smartphone dont ' have so big ram . for create a swap partitions you need a kernel that support this . to create a swap partition download that app : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.azasoft.free.swapperhl=it choose the type ( i recommend ext ) and choose space . check active swap on boot and reboot your phone and this work !
one way to prevent this is to create an extra guest profile with help from switchme : get root , install switchme , create an guest profile , protect your profile with an password and enable switchme 's login manager feature . this allows you to recover the tablet by rebooting into your profile and resetting or deleting the guest profile . note that switchme may not work with your rom .
the problem was bad ( or improperly upgraded ? ) saved data in the launcher app . here 's how i fixed it . at the dialog above , press " report " when in the report screen , drag down the notification bar at the top of the screen . press the settings button in the upper left of the notifications area . tap " apps " , then " all " , then find launcher in the list . tap launcher . tap " clear data " . you lose your home screen customizations , but at least the phone now works again .
on a google springboard by t-mobile , i had the same problem . when i called them , i was told to bring it in for a reset , which i did not want to do . on a springboard do the following : tap the clock tap your current internet connection to bring up the menu tap settings tap applications , then tap all tap ok on the " unfortunately launcher has stopped " window . tap launcher in the list of all applications . wait for the configurations to load . then tap clear data . everything worked as it should after this .
unlocking a phone from network has nothing to do with manufacturer updates . its more of , being able to take a sim card from another network and pop it in . for example , buy a handset from orange , and using a t-mobile sim card in the new orange handset , the t-mobile will not work as the handset is locked into the orange network and thusly refuse any other sim card except orange 's own . by unlocking the orange handset , you can effectively pop in the t-mobile sim card in place and continue using the handset as if it was " bought from t-mobile " instead . a unlock code would be required ( there are plenty of websites that can do this for you for a fee ) , some operators will charge you for the unlock code - again this is dependent on whether you are on contract or pay-as-you-go - check the terms and conditions of that first . for example , from my dealings on modaco 's forum , orange will not give you the unlock code until after a time period of usage on contract , think it was 3 months , again check ! once a unlock code is handed over to you , this is taken from the handset 's imei number and the designated sim card that you wish to use , which a 6 or 8 digit number is generated , that , going by the previous example , a t-mobile sim card gets popped in , the orange 's handset will prompt for the network unlock code , in which the 6 or 8 digit number is entered to unlock it thus freeing the handset from the network . one thing though , this happens with samsung , flashing unofficially using the likes of odin or multiloader , it could mess up the handset , because there is a checking in place to ensure that if the handset is locked , the flashing will fail . kies is one ! now , this was going back about 18 months ago , so i do not know if that applies now . if you are thinking of flashing a custom rom , double check to ensure that the handset can indeed be flashed with the network lock in place .
short answer widgets do not actually " run " themselves , like normal apps do . the widget host ( i.e. . the home screen app , or the lock screen ) is in charge of drawing all the widgets . the widget provider ( part of the app ) tells the host what layout to give each widget , and how often it wants the widget to update . there is nothing running to " suspend " , regardless of whether the widget is visible or not . resource cost while the widget does not " run " , it still has to be shown on the screen . every widget therefore makes the host process ( i.e. . the launcher ) a little more expensive in cpu usage and memory . every time the widget is redrawn ( whenever it changes , or whenever the home screen animates ) , it makes that redraw use a few more cpu cycles . also , once the provider has told the host what layout to use , the host has to use ram to remember the widget 's layout . because it is the host storing that information and drawing the widget , it counts towards the host 's battery use and memory footprint , not the app 's . how much cost it is depends on the host ( that is , which launcher you use ) , as well as on how complex the layout is . for this reason , android puts strict limits on the complexity of each widget 's layout , as well as the total size of all images used in the widget . the limit depends on the pixel size of the screen , so on a nexus-10 it is huge . if you have lots of widgets , all using large images or complex layouts , the launcher process can take up quite a lot of memory , so it is more likely to be killed while you are running an app in the foreground . the effect of this would be to cause a short delay when going to the home screen . services of course , it is also possible for a background service to keep giving the host ( home screen ) a new layout for the widget . this is how ( say ) an email widget can be updated when you have new emails . such a service would run whether the widget is currently displayed or not : there is no way for the service to tell . for example , if you have an email widget , the normal email service should run at intervals to check mail , and update the widget during the course of its normal run if there is any new mail . in this case , the only cost of the widget is the small cost inside the host , because the service would be running anyway to sync your mail in the background . having a rotating list ( such as in your example ) should not in itself make you think there is a service always running in the background , for this reason : lists and rotating banners the interface that widget providers use to specify what the layout should be allows them to give a list of items . for example , this might be a list of email messages , or a list of calendar appointments , that you can scroll through . the provider can also have the home screen rotate through the list automatically . the youtube widget uses this , for example , so that the widget can keep showing new videos without the provider having to keep changing the layout . if your widget uses this facility , then the home screen only runs any extra code when it is time to rotate the list . which cost is important ? the resource cost of a normal widget ( that is , one that does not have an insanely complicated layout and does not use huge bitmaps ) is tiny compared to the cost of a background service to update it with new information . to take your ea daily deals example , you do not need to worry about the widget rotating , but rather how the daily deals are updated . does the service run all of the time , or every few minutes ; or does it actually run once a day to fetch the new deals ? does it stop itself if there is no internet connection ? will it wake the device from sleep to do an update ? these are all things the app author had to program , and that users can not control ( and do not need to know about directly ) , but they have a much bigger effect on the widget 's cost than anything the launcher does . tl ; dr drawing widgets , even rotating widgets , is cheap : too cheap to measure the cost . the real cost is whatever app runs in the background to update the widget with new data . how often that app runs depends on the app , and does not depend on whether the widget is displayed at any given time .
in my experience , widgets keep running even when the phone is locked , or a different home screen is selected .
taking google 's music app as an example ( i would wager most others are implemented similarly ) , there are two distinct parts that constitute the app : the foreground processes and tasks that the user interacts with the background service that actually handles music playback point 2 can be verified in this android developer 's blog post wherein it is stated : music playback runs in a service to allow it to continue operating after the user leaves the music application . this distinction ends up being important when you remove an app from the recent tasks list . as covered in my answer to another question , the following is what happens when you swipe an app out of the list , as stated by android engineer dianne hackborn : actually , removing an entry in recent tasks will kill any background processes that exist for the process . it will not directly causes services to stop , however there is an api for them to find out the task was removed to decide if they want this to mean they should stop . this is so that removing say the recent task of an e-mail app will not cause it to stop checking for e-mail . in this case , that means that the foreground tasks of the music app are being stopped , but the background service ( evidently ) chooses to continue running . this is a product of the way the app is implemented , so you simply will not be able to stop music playback by swiping the app out of the list . instead , you can try the following from the recent apps list ( also covered in the above linked answer ) : if you really want to completely stop an app , you can long press on recent tasks to go to app info , and hit force stop there .
you can try to make your ( perhaps incompatible ) keyboard work using externel keyboard helper . if this works here is the fully functional pro version . i bought this app to completely reconfigure the keyboard layout of my bluetooth keyboard and to get an automatic dialog on keyboard connection to adjust the input method and the app is imho pretty useful once you get it how to deal with the configuration interface . ; - ) maybe it works for you as well and detects the input from your keyboard . you can just give it a try as its free anyway .
maybe your mobile does not support otg . it may also need to be connected via a powered usb hub in order to provide enough power .
so there are still some differences between the factory images and aosp builds . here are some of the differences i know : " gesture typing " feature is missing in aosp builds as noted by jbq here . " photosphere " feature is missing in aosp , as noted here . the various google apps do not come included with aosp ( play store , gmail , maps , google now , etc ) . i am sure you can hunt down more differences by going through threads in the ' android-building ' mailing list . a last note on the differences by one of the gatekeepers of aosp . edit : actually , i think you can easily compile a more thorough list of the differences between factory and aosp images . the following commands may be of use to you : adb shell pm list packages adb shell pm list libraries adb shell pm list features adb shell pm adb shell am  there is more information regarding these commands at http://developer.android.com/tools/help/adb.html#pm the following answers are added for posterity 's sake , since they are somewhat related : what&#39 ; s the difference between an aosp rom and a stock rom ? what is the difference between aosp/vanilla and stock ? i did not find much use out of them , but someone else may . i will add some comparisons between factory , aosp , and cyanogenmod later . i will be testing it on the Nexus 7 (grouper) , it may differ slightly for other devices .
the nexus 7 , like most of the previous nexus devices google has released or been involved with manufacturing , runs the same aosp source code that you propose to compile and install yourself , with only the addition of google proprietary apps and hardware device driver binaries ( though these are often available separately or in the source tree ) . there are basically two reasons to do this : you are a developer working on modifying the android platform itself . a fix for a bug that seriously impacts you is available in a slightly newer version of the source and it is so serious that you can not wait for the fix to be released normally . if neither of these applies to you , then you probably should not bother .
can the app record my internet browsing and send it to an outside source ? it may depend on which browser you are using . the stock browser should save it is browsing history within its private storage . if there is no root exploit , an external app should be unable to access the browsing history . can the app upload to an outside source photos that i have taken ? if the app requests and gets granted the write external storage permission , it would be able to access your photos . then it would only need the internet permission , to upload these photos so some site . can the app look at data from other apps and use it ? usually not . but again , if there is a root exploit available for your firmware version , it could use it to access every piece of data on your android device . are there particular app permissions which are rare requirements that might indicate a malicious app ? well , it depends on what the app should do and what permissions are requested . most apps that could also run offline , request the internet permission for ads . contact the app developer if you are not sure why the app needs/requests a particular permission . i would be careful with permissions that could also cost you money : send sms and call phone . i have heard that some strange social network app requests now send sms for some reason . also the read phone state and identity is pretty common , because it is needed for backwards compatibility with older android versions . but it allows the app to read for example your imei , which is unique to your device .
music , what played at line hold/conference waiting are set by operator , and at most cases it not allowed to change it ( except corporate virtual phonebox ) . music , what caller hear , when waiting for connect , can be changed by operator , but it usualy costs money for people , whom you call . you can only decrease call volume .
you can buy them from the website without downloading them . any apps purchased through amazon . com simply get added to your account . i think that is the best you can really do .
you can block all 3g usage by going to settings > wireless and networks > mobile networks and then clciking use only 2g networks to disable 3g usage . there are also lots of widgets available that will allow you toggle between 2g / 3g usage .
if you have a rooted device you can filter which specific apps can access the 3g connection with droidwall .
onavo will let you do this , and it does not require your device to be rooted : " data hog blocking : restrict specific apps to wi-fi , or block your 3g data altogether once you exceed your data cap to avoid any additional costs " note that it is only free for a limited time ( http://www.onavo.com/help ) .
the motodev site has the internal specs for every motorola android device . if you scroll to the " media " section , you will see the list of supported formats . usually it is the core media formats plus any extras . for example , the razr . . . http://developer.motorola.com/products/razr_maxx_xt910/
the supported media formats page of the android sdk documentation ( under the " core media formats " subsection ) outlines all of the formats that vanilla android supports . audio codecs specifically noted are : aac lc/ltp he-accv1 he-accv2 amr-nb amr-wb flac mp3 midi vorbis pcm/wave as the documentation also notes , manufacturers can provided decoders for additional media formats , meaning that this can potentially vary by device a bit . i am not aware of any simple way to determine which extra formats are supported by a device aside from simply copying a sample over and attempting to play it with the stock music player . similarly , specific apps can potentially provide software decoding for additional codecs . mx player provides codecs in the play store , for example .
uninstall any other firefox app you have .
delete mnt/secure/asec/ smdl2tmd . asec
the exceptions coming from zip ( in the log extract ) indicate that the package is corrupt . this error could have been introduced by the download , or when the package file was generated . you could check for download errors by verifying the apk file 's sha-1 or md5 checksum against a checksum provided by the download site . obviously each site will have a different way of telling you the checksum . also , the method of verifying it is different depending on what os your pc runs : on linux it is as simple as running <code> md5sum file </code> or <code> sha1sum file </code> . note that this will not always be the case from the " application not installed " error message . as others have indicated , that message usually results from trying to install a package that already exists on the system , unless the new package has a newer version number and is signed by the same key .
i have updated my phone as well , yesterday , and it is indeed quite slow at times . here are two easy things you can do ; replace your home screen with launcherpro , it is a lot faster if you are rooted , lower your vmheapsize ( 24m seems like a good value ) now these small tweaks are probably going to be insufficient , but at least they are safe . the other thing you can do is to find the original android 2.3 rom for your device , and flash it to your device .
yes , sony made the ics upgrade a horrible experience which does slow down the handset and lag . two choices : downgrade to gingerbread 2.3 . x try switching to custom rom called legacyxperia to use jellybean . the experience is more satisfying and smooth . for that to happen : need adb , fastboot binaries if your bootloader can be unlocked , check sony warning if yes and proceed to do so , you will lose your data you would need to backup your apps ( there is other questions on this site about this topic ! ) download the legacyxperia rom , extract boot.img from zip , flash it to bootloader reboot and toggle volume keys to get into clockworkmod recovery choose wipe data/cache choose install from adb sideload , cwm will wait , adb sideload name_of_zip_file , cwm will start loading and installing the rom . reboot and enjoy jellybean .
afaik , from the employer side , he can know the amount of traffic you have spend , if your using a data plan , but not where you spend it . a data plan provider would have to violate some privacy rules/laws to collect such information .
this depends completely on their mobile plan and how they have set up the tablet . afaik , most internet tethering apps do not collect activity , but theoretically their mobile provider could be monitoring the activity on their connection and reporting it back to your employer . however , there are too many factors here to give you a definitive answer .
most probably there is no surveillance . android 's corporate device management support is still in its infancy . in case you got it pre-setup'ed for you you can wipe/factory reset it . you are then sure you got rid of whatever setup was done by anyone after the tablet has been bought . but before you do this : check for device management software . settings -> security -> device administrators . you could look for stuff like mobile iron ( used to enforce policies and monitor installed apps and such on company owned or byod phones/tablets ) . check for a configured vpn connection . settings -> wireless and networks -> more -> vpn . your company might have set up a vpn that routes all traffic including tethered traffic through company servers . monitoring could be done there then . check for a microsoft exchange profile . this can only be used to remote-wipe your tablet , there are however no further options for device management and monitoring .
in a word : no . in order for all applications on the device to have access to a cifs mount , cifs support needs to be compiled into the kernel ( or at least available as a loadable module ) . i have never seen a device that shipped with such a kernel from the manufacturer . does not mean that they do not exist , i just have not seen them . now , for some devices that have been rooted/unlocked and replacement kernels can be compiled , i have seen kernels made with cifs support built in . once you have cifs support in the kernel , you could use an application like mount manager to handle the system-wide mounts . the applications like es file explorer you have seen with cifs support have their own private implementation . they are unable to mount the share into the global namespace such that other apps could take advantage .
albums bought through google play show up in the play music app by default . the files from the play music app can only be played through that app itself , and can not be extracted . however , you can download music from the google play web interface as plain mp3 files , either individually or your whole collection in one download . the official support site gives more details , and instructions on how to download .
okay i have found a third party app that lets me copy everything from google drive in one easy step - astro file manager - it is a free app on play store , works brilliantly for this as you can select everything in the drive and simply copy it over to your sd card . this app will also work with dropbox and other cloud services .
the most accessible way to get a copy of the app itself would probably be to download a stock rom in zip format and just extract the htc camera app ( /system/app/HTCCamera.apk ) . a de-odexed version would probably be easiest , but in theory you could extract both the . apk and the . odex file and put them on your device if you wanted . to be honest , though , i would be pretty skeptical about the htc camera working on your rom since deck is not sense-based . you can give it a shot , but i would wager it relies on some sense framework files ( never tried it myself ) .
did you take a nandroid backup or a titanium backup before flashing ? if you have a titanium backup , you can try restoring the camera app from there ( app only , data can be incompatible ) . if you did not backup with titanium , you could do a new nandroid backup , restore to the previous one , create the titanium backup and then restore the new nandroid backup . after this restore the app from the titanium backup . since this is a system app i can not guarantee the compatibility of the app , but you can try and if it fails/is buggy , you can revert with nandroid .
as far as i know ( not from us/ca ) the p999 is a t-mobile g2x device with vanilla android , whereas p990 is lg optimus 2x . the specs are mostly similar but there are certain differences , such as the os customization . maybe a custom rom will bring the functionality to the g2x as well .
your region is determined by your ip address and your account . what you see in the store is determined by your ip 's location , but what you can actually purchase is determined by your google account . i bought a nexus 7 from the usa and primarily use it in singapore with a singapore google account and credit card . all of the prices are in sgd and i do not have access to things like books or movies . i am currently in japan and a lot of the play store text and app titles are in japanese , the prices are in yen and i can see movies and books . i have bought some apps , but i cannot download region restricted items e.g. books and some games ( even free ones ) .
google uses your ip address and visible wifi networks , as well as the information from the google account you used to determine your region .
there are a few apps that can do this for you , or at least some of these things . one i saw on lifehacker yesterday is agent . agent is a combination automation tool and personal assistant that will silence your phone during meetings , remember where you parked , auto-respond to texts and phone calls while you are driving , and more , all so you do not have to .
when installing you granted all of these apps an explicit permission to start when your application starts ! but for the examples you give ( though i have not ever installed orkut myself ) , most of these apps offer settings internally that allows you to choose whether they start automatically . ( recent versions of skype have disabled launch-on-boot , have you tried updating your version ? )
newton 's second law states that force = mass * acceleration . we can use this formula to solve for mass:: mass = force / acceleration . as such , we need a known force in order to take a measurement of acceleration to determine mass . hopping into the air is going to be a variable , instantaneous force . also , your legs are going to act like variable force springs to absorb your impact with the ground . all of these variables would really frustrate your attempt to get anything close to a valid mass reading . nasa has created device that uses the measurement of acceleration to determine mass for astronauts in space . the space linear acceleration mass measurement device ( slammd ) uses two springs to generate a known force on the subject and then reads the acceleration to determine mass . there is a nice video on youtube explaining how it works and providing a demonstration of the device in action .
as the factory-reset already correctly suggests , the description makes quite clear that such happened . a factory-reset " deletes " everything from your internal-storage -- that is , all the apps you have installed , all data , caches , etc . so nothing is left but what you have moved to sdcard/external storage . while there are possibilities to even recover deleted data ( usually via a nandroid backup or any other 1:1 copy of the entire file system and doing file carving ) , this is nothing easy and you must start the copy as soon as possible , before you do any other initialization ( which you already did ) . with every data change , chances to recover something get smaller . we have some questions/answers behind the data-recovery tag explaining this in more detail , see e.g. how can i recover a deleted file on android ? recover deleted content from userdata partition ? btw : with all other data on internal-storage , also the logs are gone for good -- which is a pity , as it would be very interesting to know what triggered an automatic factory-reset . the only thing coming to my mind is a remote-wipe , which might have been triggered either via your company ( if you are accessing their exchange server via active-sync , and thus accepted the corresponding device-administrator ) -- or the previous owner ( if any ) having set up some anti-theft app , and now pulled the trigger on you . . .
summing up from the comments : your device is most likely sim-locked by your provider ( even more likely if you bought it there for a discount , or got it free with your contract ) . so it will only work with sim cards from that specific provider . if you want to use it with a different ( pre-paid ) card , you need to have your device unlocked first . while it is generally possible to do that yourself , it will not only cost you time to figure out how , but you might also risk " making a mess " of it ( as t0mm13b put it ) . so best is to go to some shop offering this service , and pay a little fee having them doing the job . saves you at least some headaches . see also : sim card does not allow a connection to this network error questions tagged " sim-unlocking "
did you add the apn settings ? they are not always automatically generated . your carrier should provide instructions on how to add /check your apn settings .
it did exist in an earlier version i was using late 2013 . . but as of the current release , the option has disappeared .
wikipedia mentions that this feature exists , but i can not seem to find it in either chrome nor in chrome beta .
it is possible that the method of rooting used by superoneclick has been blocked on the tipo dual . i have not seen the phone on any of the compatability lists for superoneclick . there are other methods you can use , and for the tipo dual i quickly found unlockroot and a guide on how to root from xda-developers . use at your own risk .
while it sounds strange that there should be no keyboard present , and as trivial as it might sound : simply installing an alternative keyboard from the playstore should fix that . take e.g. hacker 's keyboard , which is a very flexible one , and well rated ( i am using it myself on my tablets ) . simply install it , and its settings should turn up at the place you have described . optionally , add the dictionaries for the languages you like to have them ( see the keyboard 's playstore page , some are directly linked to the app ) . do it from a pc/laptop as you currently have no keyboard available on your device , it might be difficult/impossible to use the playstore app on the device itself to install the above . you can still install it : on your laptop/pc , open a web browser and go to https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.pocketworkstation.pckeyboard log in with the credentials of the google account you use on your device click the " install " button , accept the permissions for the app ( they are ok ) the keyboard will be pushed to your device once the installation has finished ( you can see this in your device 's notification area ) , you can go to the described place ( settings  language and input  keyboards and input methods ) and make the new keyboard the default input method . with that final step , you problem should be solved . no google-account configured on the device ? in this case , installation via the web interface cannot work either , as the app-to-be-installed cannot be pushed to the device . still , there is something you can do : on your pc/laptop : visit the hacker 's keyboard project 's download page and download the .apk file to your computer if you do not have any file manager on your android device : you will need the android sdk installed , or at least a " mini variant " ( the adb/adb.exe binary and , on windows , its helper .dll files -- check the adb tag and its wiki for details , and see qtadb for a simple , user-friendly variant working on windows , mac and linux ) when on windows : make sure you have the drivers for your android device installed on your android-device : enable unknown-sources to activate side-loading ( settings&rarr ; security : check " unknown sources" ) if you do not have a file-manager app on your android device : enable adb debugging ( settings&rarr ; development : check usb-debugging ) connect your android device with your pc/laptop via usb cable to install your .apk . . . if you have a file-manager app on your android device : simply copy the .apk to your device as you usually copy files there use your file-manager app to navigate to the .apk " tapp " the .apk file 's entry . after asking your confirmation , the app will be installed . skip all below -- you are done . if you do not have a file-manager app on your device : use pm install via the adb command-line to install the .apk on your android device ( see xda-developers for more details on this -- usually it should be adb pm install /path/to/download/*.apk , replace the /path/to/download part with the full directory name of where you saved the .apk to ) .
no not every android phone does this but it is done in many htc phones . the reason is simple : memory usage . here is the breakdown : when the system is running out of memory , the inbuilt task killer of the system automatically kicks in and checks to see if it can stop an application and recover some ram . htc sense devices employ a launcher that is " heavy " and often uses up a lot of memory so when the task killer sees you are not using your launcher and knows it needs the ram for another app , it kills the launcher . thus , when you hit the home button or quit the app , the launcher has to re-initialize . tips : do not use a task-killer if you dont have a low end device . android already has a built-in one that kills apps and does it safely . using apps such as " advanced taskkiller " actually mess with the way the system kills apps and actually can cause more force closes and system instability in the long run . additionally , the more ram the system has , the more the launcher uses to cache stuff it needs . this is good because the launcher becomes more responsive and fast as its using a cached copy instead of grabbing it all over again . if you clear the cache constantly , it needs to re-cache the items and so it will be less responsive . use a lighter launcher . sense might be good but there are more rock solid and light launchers such as launcher pro that wont experience this problem . you dont need a new phone with more ram . trust me , 1gb of ram is more than enough with the right system . : )
an ruu is a windows executable file ( htc currently does not support mac or linux ) that installs a rom to your device . it will overwrite the following partitions : system ( the /system mountpoint ) boot ( the /boot mountpoint ) recovery user data ( the /data mountpoint , this means you lose all of your personal data ) it may update your radio image ( if newer ) you use an ruu by simply connecting your phone and running the executable file . i belive htc sync may also be required , but i have not done this in a while . the reason this unroots your device is sort of twofold , though it depends on your exact configuration . first , the su binary and superuser app are typically installed to your system partition when you root . since this is overwritten with a stock version of the partition , those two things will not be present . this prevents you from making calls to the su binary which is needed to grant root permissions to an app . secondly , the boot partition has a flag which defines whether or not adbd ( that is , the adb daemon ) runs with root permission , called ro.secure . the default value for this on a stock boot image is 1 , which means that it is not running as root ( so 1 represents " yes , it is secure" ) . many custom roms set this to 0 so that you can immediately get a root prompt when you use adb shell , and also so that you can execute privileged commands without the need for a shell ( i.e. . adb pull ) . per your last question , i do not think you can run an improper ruu , but i have never tried . it does go through a verification process before the upload , at which point i assume that it checks to ensure that you have the proper device and whatnot . my guess would be that the verification would fail if you tried to use one on a device it was not designed for . if you want more information , i managed to dig up a pdf from htc 's site which outlines how to use an ruu on the htc magic ( rogers wireless version ) . the steps are generally the same for any android device , though . also of note , there is an open-source program which is designed to provide the same functionality while being cross platform . it is simply called htcflasher , and i have not used it myself . you can find it on google code if it is of interest to you .
it is not the golauncher or the firmware . i am currently using a samsung mesmerized from us cellular and mine also does it . i have been looking for a solution also but found nothing . some sites said wipe your screen , that does not work . then others say there is not a solution . best option i see as of now : when it does that press the back button once , wait a second , then press the power key . and no offense to matthew 's post , but on the galaxy mesmerized the back key and the power key take screen shots , not the home key like on most htc 's . sorry i could not help -- i would like to solve it , too , it is very annoying .
when you hold the home key and tap power , it takes a screenshot . unfortunately sometimes lag causes the home press to be delayed/extended , so if you press it and let go before hitting power it will still happen sometimes . the original sgs suffers from this issue as well , though it uses home+back . i would try the same workaround i propose in my answer to that question : go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Running Services and click on ScreenCaptureService to end it . you will have to do this every time you boot up your phone , unless you get a task killer or can remove it somehow , though either of those may have other side effects .
hold your home button and your power button at the same time . then hit the power button then it will lock it . it works just fine .
google has released an app called google opinion rewards . with this , users can get a couple cents at a time , which allows them to " purchase " these books now .
no you cannot read them with out providing your credit card details . you have to provide them or use google wallet .
simply , no you cannot . a sad fact really , as many youngsters want to read through their phone and this limits many to do so .
looks like it depends on the book . from google play support : downloading free music , tv shows , and certain free books and magazines is still considered a transaction , even when the price of the item is $0.00 . if you do not have a credit card associated to your google wallet account or if you do not have not set up a google wallet account , you will be prompted to add a new payment method upon when downloading certain content from google play .
it seems that it used to be possible to register with a generated card number . you can get those for example here : http://www.darkcoding.net/credit-card-numbers/ see how to get google music without credit card for free music . unfortunately i am not able to register a generated card number any more . it seems that google started to perform additional checks of the numbers .
cyanogenmod roms has a feature that by long pressing the back button you can kill the running process .
all account data on the phone is lost after a factory reset . perhaps you can use a different way to find that email address , however . did you ever send email from that account to one of your other email accounts ? what about to a friend or family member ? see if you can find one of those old messages . did you ever log into a google service using that account on a pc/mac browser ? if so , maybe you can find it in your browsing history or saved passwords . did you link that google account with any other online service ? did you create a google+ account with that address ? you might have if you ever wrote a review of an app in the google play store . try and find your google+ profile .
try going under apps in the settings . find the touchwiz launcher in the list . there should be an option to clear defaults . this should fix your problem . if the problem persists , try reinstalling nova .
head over to settings> application manager> soptify> clear the cache and the data stored .
you could try with on{x} a free app by microsoft before going for tasker ( paid ) where you could do it using the " file modified " context on the directory where the images are copied .
as pt says , the update will be made in india , but the movies etc , wont be available in india . its only the name and the icon of the market/play app which will change . . maybe sometime in the future we will get the other services . . .
the " market " to " play " renaming is just a re-branding of the store . it will not change any of the underlying availability or features . you will have to ask google ( good luck ! ) about if/when additional feature will be made available in india . so there is nothing to be gained by " upgrading " , other than satisfying the google marketing department . here are some details from the google play faq :
if your os version is 2.2 or above you will have the option by default in the settings . Setting-&gt;Wireless &amp; networks-&gt;Tethering &amp; portable hotspot-&gt; Tick Portable hotspot. 
i got this to work by rooting the phone and installing cyanogenmod 7 . the wifi hotspot for tethering other devices is built into the operating system .
what software do i need to add to do this or can it be done with the built-in software ? all software for it is built-in . look through Setting-&gt;Wireless &amp; networks menu . there must be items like Portable Wi-Fi hotspot and Portable Wi-Fi hotspot settings
you do not need the us phone to begin with . if you are just looking for the ram : according to a cnet article the uk version has 2gb of ram . apparently the international version excluding us also has 2gb ram .
is that true ? yes , this is true . the usa is currently using the 700 , 800 ( sprint only , i think ) , 1700 and 1900 mhz bands for lte service , whereas european providers are using 800 , 900 , 1800 , and 2600 mhz ( wikipedia ) . if it is true , can the us variant be persuaded to work in the uk , 4g-wise ? i am not shy of flashing custom roms and so forth . no . the frequency limitation is not set by the software - it is the antenna . flashing custom roms will not allow you to access frequencies that the antenna is physically unable to support , so there is nothing you can do short of modifying the hardware . i am assuming that it will work without issue on 3g ? this could potentially depend slightly on which specific variant you want , i suppose . the at and t one supports 850 , 1900 , and 2100 mhz frequencies , the t-mobile usa one also supports 1700 on top of the other three . according to this table , t-mobile uk uses the 2100 mhz band , so either should be compatible with their 3g service in that case .
i would not read too much into ee 's rollout of 4g just yet , for starters , the frequencies are different , give that time , ee and other 4g operators in the uk would have the final say on the compatibility of the handset . here in ireland , 3 and vodafone are planning a merger which would see the in-evitable 4g being rolled out - do not know when yet . . . stick with what you have with gsm at the moment .
absolutely yes . i have a sk4g as well , and tried setcpu out too . it force closed regularly ; whether it is due to overheating i can not say for sure , but it seems the most likely cause . fyi , all the sk4g roms are based on the stock rom as no one 's reverse-engineered the hardware requirements to build custom kernels for it yet : (
use the hard menu key on your device to get the tool bar back .
i guess the reason why you do not want the toolbar to scroll with the webpage is because you do not want to scroll up when you want to type a new address . i do not use dolphin so i can not tell by first-hand experience , but according to this , you can double tap anywhere on the page to show the toolbar so you do not need to scroll up to type addresses .
i use mantano reader for this purpose , it is quite a powerful app . give it a try and you will like it !
you can do it according to this post on xda : make a file called 99applock . txt insert code below and put you messaging service in where it says ppid ( that usually can be found in data/data if your using aftermakrket sms app ) remove the . txt extension and put file in ect/init . d and just give it 777 permissions , it works for me .  #!/system/bin/sh sleep 60 PPID=$(pidof com.your.app) echo "-17" &gt; /proc/$PPID/oom_adj renice -18 $PPID 
i also had this problem . i thought something was wrong . as soon as i inserted the headphone jack the sound got cut off and there was no sound coming thru the headphones . i tried pressing the volume button and found that it was turned all the way down by default . now there is no problem
i developed an app that fixes this exact problem . it was called " wired headset routing fix " , but now has more functionality and is named soundabout .
i own an og droid and a droid bionic and both phones eventually had similar audio jack problems . on one phone i found the issue to be a wad of dust crammed in the jack which i had to fish out with a [ enter your choice of small pointy tool ] . it could be a result of the internal contact points being pushed back from repeated tension . this would weaken the contact with the audio cable . in your particular case i do not think this is true however . other things you can try : pull the audio cable in and out several times wiggling it and testing it . ( ideally you had want to test it with something that plays audio continuously so you do not have to keep hitting play ) getting a different and potentially better quality audio cable to test with . you can also try resetting to factory default which may help if the problem is software related . ( as long as you have a google account synced with your phone , all your apps will be automatically re-downloaded ) if all else fails , take it back to the phone manufacturer or your phone service provider . they should be able to fix it for a reasonable price . there is the option of trying to fix it yourself but that is not recommended if you are uncomfortable working with small/delicate electronics , not to mention voiding your warranty .
google voice needs to be able to save data such as contact details , ongoing conversations , etc . , somewhere and in the case of conversations delete them later - i suspect that this is where the " modify and delete data from sd card " comes in .
i have a lg g pad and had the same problem . all i needed to do was type the correct wifi password again and the save button was became enabled , allowing me to set my manual proxy settings for adblock plus .
i also had the same issue but not long after i figured the proxy number given was a mirror image i mean the number was not actually typed but instead you had to type the given number in the box . and change the proxy host to localhost but after this you will have an issue with chrome connecting to the proxy server . the solution for me to this was i went to settings in chrome and went to advanced , bandwidth and management and selected reduce data usage and enable it .
its not about adblock i guess . its is just that you have to give proxy server ip instead of hostname ( it looks something like 10 . x.x. x ) . it will enable save button . so you put that ip in proxy hostname and save button will be enabled . ( it worked for me in my android )
i just did it , according to adp instructions . tap on app , which should have an error message about your proxy settings . when you find your network , hold it until modify network appears . show advanced options ( need tablet in vertical position to see this ) . look for proxy settings and set to manual . proxy settings should be localhost . set port to 2020 . on my page , i had to fill in every line , in order for the save button to appear . hit save .
on some devices , the save button will be grayed out until you re-type your wi-fi password .
problem i have been recently using my beats tour with my htc one . it was working fine and then it stopped working . first i thought either my phone had a problem or the earphones . i thought of claiming my warranty but , before that i did following tests : plugged different earphones in my htc one from apple , samsung and htc . all worked fine . plugged my beats earphone with iphone , ipod and my computer . it was working fine too . analysis then i compared the connector of beats earphone with others . i noticed a potential design flaw with both beats connector and htc one : beats earphone connector radius is slightly smaller than normal earphone connectors . htc one internal connector was pushed in more when plugging and unplugging earphone . ( i do not exactly know words to explain this but , this usually happens with electronics when using cheap materials ) . solution as i am sure both htc and beats will not be accepting these facts . i recommend you to buy a short extender . i connected my extender to my htc one and beats earphone and it worked like expected . i am not sure if we lose quality when using a cheaper extender .
you can go to messaging , go to settings by pressing the button next to home button , scroll down and disable preview messages . . . or even better disable notification .
i have been annoyed by this as well ! ! even after turning off as mentioned above i was still receiving the notification and preview of the msg my problem turned out to be an add on sms widget for evernote " sms to evernote " that gives you the option to send your sms to evernote . it is not obvious from the pop up that it is evernote there are two options in the " sms to evernote " settings " enable sms pop up " when you enable this you get further options to " hide sms in pop up " the " hide sms in pop up " option does not work you get the preview regardless it took me a while to work this out and i hope this saves someone else some time :- )
yes , you can do that using Settings-&gt;Lock screen settings and changing there widgets .
open the sms app and fire up the settings option from the menu button . in the notification settings sub-section there is a preview message option . if checked , that will show a preview of the message in the status bar and on the lock screen . uncheck it , and your problem should be solved .
the only way to add more widget is to install an application that allow their widgets to be used on the lockscreen . developers need to specify if their widgets can be used on the launcher , the lockscreen or both . so , if a widget is available on the launcher but not on the lockscreen , i am afraid that you can not use it on the lockscreen . ( but you could mail the developer so he makes his widget available on the lockscreen ) . as said in the comments , a xposed module is available for rooted to user that enable all widgets on lock screen : gravitybox
if you are not rooted then shywim 's answer is correct . however , if you have rooted your device you can install the xposed framework . this allows you to install modules that tweak various aspects of android . the module gravitybox ( kk ) for kitkat and ( jb ) for jelly bean , which you can install via the xposed installer has an option " allow any widget " for the lockscreen . article on gravitybox in this image you can see in the bottom left " allow any widget " under the lockscreen tweaks .
mhl compatibility on a tv only means that it will supply sufficient power ( 500ma , 900ma , or 2000ma , depending on which version of the mhl spec it is compatible with ) through the hdmi port to power the adapter and charge the phone . an mhl adapter will work just fine with a non-mhl tv . you just need to supply your own power from a regular charger . this is what the female microusb port on the mhl-to-hdmi adapters is for . you plug the charger into that , plug the hdmi cable into the tv , and mhl cable into the phone and you are off to the races . not all phones support mhl however , the nexus 4 in the question supports slimport instead .
its called a micro usb to hdmi adapter .
are you sure you have enough space left on your sd card ? to check free space , tap settings > storage > sd card . you can also use the disk usage app , which is my favorite third-party way of analyzing storage space on android .
i had the same problem ; apps2sd solved it !
it might be possible that you have a previous version with support for ' move to sd card ' installed on your sd card but the update removed that support . thus it fails because replacing the app on the sd card is not allowed any more . try to move the culprit to the phone storage in advance and retry .
you should move that app back to your internal storage then try to update it . google play can not update the app if it is stored on the sd card .
i recommend removing and reinstalling the app to internal storage . sometimes it is best to start off fresh .
i have used bootmanager on my nexus s without issue and i believe that you will be able to wipe the system , data and cache of your second slot without it affecting the original rom . but this will be easy for you to test : make a nandroid backup of your phone . always make a nandroid backup ! once this is done you can go crazy and try installing miui but make sure you install gapps too ( or the miui equivilent - sorry i am woefully inexperienced with miui but i would imagine they also did not distr the google apps with the rom ) - ( the last time i installed a rom using rom manager i needed to hunt out a different version of gapps than the ones that come with cm or aokp - something to do with these version being scripted as opposed to just flat apks ) . you need to install gapps as you will need to have the market to install bootmanager again in order to change roms . there is a way of doing this manually through the shell and fastbook , but it is not fun . if anything messes up then restore your nandroid backup and you are back to where you started . have fun : )
sms backup + reports to work on android 1.5 and above and it backs up mms . it pushes everything to your gmail account under a defined label . i have been using it for a while and it is very good .
os : win 8.1 x64 with latest updates . phone : samsung galaxy s3 ( gt-i9300 ) . i got it working without manually installing any driver . when i plugged my phone in the computer it automatically installed the driver for me . after that i didnt see any popup . what you need to do is leave the phone plugged in your pc/laptop while restarting the phone ( do not be to hasty here , give the phone some time to boot up completely ) . after that go to control panel > hardware and sound > devices and printers . in here look for the multimedia tab and you should see your phone ( gt-i9300 ) . right click on it and you should see the menu browse files > gt-9300 . voila you are in your phone . after that you do not even need to repeat the steps before again , because the popup suddenly comes back ( do not switch to another usb port here , just keep using the port where you performed your phone reboot ) . incase you accidentally plugged your phone in another usb port you need to repeat the steps above . thats how i got mine working . i hope it helps you !
ultimately i plugged the kindle into my macbook instead of my ubuntu machine , and it mounted it just fine . no idea what the issue is with my desktop - all other devices on the hub work fine , switching ports changed nothing , etc etc . if your device will not mount , try it with a different computer . for some reason .
as of the new and current minimalistic text version , it is possible to print the wifi ip and ssid information if you donate to the developer .
you could also combine this with some anti-theft solution . e.g. wheres my droid reacts on " attention words " you set up , and e.g. sends the current location ( also by sms ) , or turns on the alarm on another " attention word " . with your wife knowing ( some of ) those " attention words " , she can get to know where you are ( or rather where your device is ) -- while at the same time you have some added value . look for " anti-theft " on the playstore to find more like this , if it sounds useful to you .
it sounds like google latitude does what you want . once you opt-in you can then share your location data with your wife , and she should be able to check your location anytime . as far as i know , once you choose share your location data with someone they can retrieve it anytime without having to explicitly request your permission . latitude is built into the google maps application for android . you can enable it by going into the application 's settings and checking " enable location sharing " , then use the setting right below it ( "manage your friends" ) to choose who can see your location data .
the binaries should still be there so just install it again . updates sometimes make the icon vanish , but it is still there . do you have the apk file anywhere or is it purchased ?
if you see it in applications but not in the app drawer just reinstall it from the playstore . also make sure your launcher is not hiding the app icon , which is a possibility depending on what launcher you use . also in the supersu app under customizations launch icon , there is a setting to hide the icon . if you want to make sure the binaries are still there you can always check easily with an app called root verifier .
some questions , and hopefully some answers : so you are currently rooted , running one of the earlier leaks of froyo for the droid ? you are willing to switch to a mod cm6 ? or do you want to go back to plain vanilla stock without root ? if you are currently rooted and willing to try out a mod like cm6 , then go to the market and downlaod rom manager . make a nandroid backup of your phone before you do anything . then download and install cm6 via " download rom " -> cyanogenmod . you want 6.0 , not the rc version . when you download and install it , make sure you include google apps and wipe your data and cache . if you are wanting to go back to plain vanilla stock , be noted that apps like easyroot ( one click root access ) will not work for the latest version of froyo for the droid . you will have to downgrade to 2.1 to get root access back if you go this route . with that said , if you are rooted , go get rom manager . under download rom are " stock images " . one of those options is 2.2 frg01b with the option of root/unrooted . this should put you on the right path of plain vanilla stock . hope this helps , let me know if i misunderstood you and i will try to clarify .
no , probably not easily . this so answer points to using ffmpeg via the command line . it offers examples on audio and video conversion . for example : ffmpeg -i /tmp/a.3gp /tmp/a.mp3  this android shell command app is on the market , which could theoretically call ffmpeg , but it looks sketchy weighing in at only 2.5 stars . could be worth a try but it is tough to tell .
i use my led for camera shots and also for lights and i have been doing so for almost every day or so and i have had my phone ( mytouch slide ) for about 3 months now . nothing has happened to it . i think if you are an avid user , you should just take care of it externally .
leds do have a long lifespan ( 35k-50k hrs depending on the type of led ) but the issue is heat . the leds are intended to be used as a flash ( ultra short duration ) and probably do not have very robust heat managment systems if they have any at all . each phone is going to be different . i would say that using it as a flashlight for a couple minutes tops is fine , but beyond that you run the risk of overheating which , depending on the type of led and where it is positioned in the phone in relation to other hardware could damage the led and possibly other components .
there is a really good thread of discussion about this on androidforums here . in short , leds have a long life span ( 20k+ hours ? ) . so the concern is not really the leds burning out ( although after a long period of time , they will eventually start losing the amount of output and their brightness will dim ) . the real concern is to not apply too much voltage to the led and overheat it . another concern would be overheating your battery ( due to heat dissipation from draining the battery from powering the led ) . in short , if you are only using the led for time periods less than half an hour , you should be okay . if you need to use it longer , go get a real flash light . : )
yes , it seems there is a way to find out about the last factory reset -- provided it was followed by a google account initialization : go to the google dashboard , login with your google account . scroll to the section labeled " android " and expand it ( by clicking its title / the lgm [ little green man ] ) check for the device in question associated , you will find a date of registry . that does not reflect the first time a device was added , but the last time the google account was activated on the device . so if you activate your google account following a factory-reset , this field is updated and thus reflects this point-in-time .
unicon is an icon theming tool which requires root , but it is more consistent throughout the device . icon changer changes only the icon of the shortcut , but does not require root . use apk extractor to get the installed apk from the device , transfer it to a pc , modify it and then reinstall it . does not require root .
if the icon changer that were suggested are not working , and you do not mind changing your launcher , there are some launchers that support icon changing ( and also theme changing and more good stuff ) . as example , you have : go launcher nova launcher you can have a look at the play store , and also see what other launchers can offer you !
i saw the cyanogenmod an KitKat tags on the question , so i suppose you own a rooted device with android 4.4 . in general there are good number of apps on the play store which are able to change the dns for mobile connections of pre android 4.4 devices and one ( which i wrote ) which changes the dns on android 4.4 devices . if you need the raw commands , here they are ( need root ) : my answer to a similar question is here and contains references to my app .
there are some solutions available on the playstore . one of them is traccar ( the link belongs to the android client ) , which logs to a traccar server you can define . the server software is open source ( at least that is what the app description claims ) , so you can use it on your own server . written in java , it should run on most operating systems . for more details on this , you might want to check with the traccar website .
ok , i think this is how you do it . open google search from the app drawer . tap on menu and then settings , then tap google now - you should be able to toggle it on from there .
you must be running at least android 4.1 to use google now - please ensure this is true . if you are running at least android 4.1 , then ensure you have the latest google voice search update from the google play store - be aware that it is listed twice ( at least on my old device ) .
have you checked that you are running the latest version of google search ? the easiest way to update is to visit the google play store page for google search and check to see if it will allow you to install or update the app . ok , so i found how to turn on google now on my gn2 . if you have the google search widget , it is as simple as hitting the settings button ( left light-up one ) while inputting a query for the search widget . this brings up a menu , hit settings then you can turn on google now . i accidentally opted out when in early setup , and now i am curious .
the language setting was my key problem - after changing the os language from croatian to english ( u . s . ) , google now is miraculously ready to go ! watch the video how to get google now talking to you . . . for an instructional guide on changing your system language .
if you already have app2sd and it says there is no app to move then there is no more app to move . i get this problem also when my i update and install new apps . i assume you are not rooted so you have less options . the only things you can do are : clear cache ( install cache cleaner app ) clear data of non-critical apps like browser , games , etc . ( manage applications > select application > clear data ) uninstall apps you rarely use , install them only when needed ( e . g . , i rarely skype on my phone so i just uninstalled it ) try a hack which will extend/squeeze the capability of app2sd : http://www.bongizmo.com/blog/moving-all-android-apps-to-sdcard-apps2sd-froyo/ ( this works well if you are rooted , if not there is still a few apps it can move ) .
i assume you have not rooted ? if you have , sd maid is a great app to clean up system partition .
you can clear your dalvik , either through recovery or straight from titanium . through titanium , it will tell you what needs to be removed and how much space it will clear .
available space 11.61 mb you are correct that that is the problem . the market uses internal storage when installing apps ( even if it is installing to the sd card ) so you need to free up some internal storage . imb 's suggestions are good for that . i also recommend using titanium backup to incorporate system app updates into your rom , which should free up some space by getting rid of the second version of any system apps ( the original version is kept by default ) . you ought to have more than 2 to integrate ?
the force stop button is only applicable to apps which are currently actually running . in general , android apps will stay in an idle state on the assumption that you might want to switch back to them soon , but the os will kill apps you have not used for a while as it gets short on memory . some apps also have an actual " exit " option , of course . so , are you sure the app you are trying to force stop is actually running ? in your applications settings , there should be a " running " tab , which should show all of the apps currently running on your device . alternatively there are apps in the market that can show you what is currently going on on your device . i use " os monitor " but i am sure there are others .
you should have an usb icon in the notification bar . if you expand the notification bar and click on the usb item you should be able to configure the connection mode you want .
there is no " write-only " permission for access to gmail - it is either " read-only " or " full access " , meaning that the app in question will be able to both create and delete messages from your account . however , i would guess that adding and deleting mails are two very different things from a programming standpoint , so you should be ok :- ) !
with some models of phones there is a difference between " internal sd card " and " external sd card " , where the former is just a link to the phones internal storage ( whyever ) . the latter is your real sd card . it might be that you are not able to use your sd card in the way you like due to this limitation . using a file explorer , can you see a difference between /storage/sdcard0 and /storage/extsdcard ( or similar entries ) ? what puzzles me most is that you said the problem occurs after a factory reset . so not even the smallest app is movable ?
thanks for your response . yes . i just did a factory reset again today , followed with immediately formatting the 64gb microsd using the phone 's format function and there were no error . i have tried installing apps like logo quiz , instagram , which under setting-> storage has the " move to sd card " enabled ; when i select the " move to sd card " , i get the message " could not move app . not enough storage space . " , as you can see i should have more than 59gb available on the 64gb microsd card ! i was successful with copying music files and pictures into the microsd card by " android file transfer " ( i am using a mac ) , and i have no problem playing the music and viewing the pictures on the phone . using the phone 's " file manager " i can access both " sd card " and " phone storage " . similarly on the android file transfer apps , i can also access both " sd card " and " phone storage " . really cannot figure out what i have missed .
you should follow the developer 's step-by-step instructions . to summarise , if you downloaded a zip file , first unzip it ( using any zip file app ) to get to the . ttf or . otf file , then click that file to open it in phonto , which will add the font .
you are trying to use the usb port as a usb host . this is not currently supported in android . the feature will be available on devices starting with android 3.1 . from what i took from the video , they are not using usb , they are communicating via tcp . @gathrawn , i honestly did not just take your comment as an answer , i had mine in the form , but forgot to hit submit : )
solutions ( though not the reason behind ) are explained e.g. on appslova . com . taking a look at them , those are more or less the " generic google play solutions": method 1 go to settingsapps , select all tab find google play store , open its entry , clear data and cache find google service framework , do the same now restart google play store and try to download/update the app or games method 2 open google play store go to settingsaccounts , choose account or add new account now try to download or install the app or game method 3 go to settingsaccountsgoogle , remove your gmail account from settingsappsall : force stop , clear data and cache for google play store , google service framework and download manager ( like in method 1 ) again , go to settingsaccountsgoogle , add your gmail account restart your android and then accept all the google terms and setup google settings run google play store and update or install your app . some more hints are to be found in google 's product " forum " . reasons here were e.g. storage full : clean up , delete stuff , try again , worked . find a bunch more hints , all on the first result page to a google search on " google-play error 498" : )
you could try updating to the latest play store . see androidpolice . doing this fixed the same issue for me when i updated my nexus 7 to android 4.3 . it was crashing like yours , i updated ( and cleared the cache and data ) and the play store started working again . you do not need to be rooted , you can simply install it . it is perfectly safe as it is signed by google .
if you are rooted and have clockworkmod recovery , you can try these steps : uninstall google play services . boot into recovery and select " wipe data " . then select " clear cache " . then select " advanced " and in the sub-menu select " wipe dalivk cache " . then go back and select reboot . now the play store will start working .
try to uninstall any play store updates , and then rerun the app ; if all goes well , it will re-update the app , and the force closing should stop . if it still force closes , and you do not have much data on your device , you can try to factory reset the phone . that usually makes my play store work fine ( although i do not have s5 ) .
i can not tell if leadbolt does as promissed , but i see no harm in giving somebody your imei . at least if you do not use services that do authentication with your imei ( never heard of one ) . but you should wait a little , maybe there is a objection regarding my statement .
if you do not mind rooting your device then your best option to avoid all adds would be to use adaway . it'll bock all ads on your device by modifiying your hosts file and is perfectly safe to use . i have been using it for over a year now .
unfortunately , it appears that this somewhat reprehensable company infecting peoples tablets , phones , etc . , with this rogue app leadbolt can add dishonest to their profile . what appears to happen is that various apps carry this infection along with it . if your unfortunate to download one of these apps , leadbolt rides its coat tails . try getting rid of it . i contacted the company , they gave me an app to run . when you run it , it offers you the choice to " opt out " from leadbolt . i ran it , it told me i was successful in opting out and i thought that would be the end , however , i did not delete the app . about a week later , i ran the app again and sure enough , it told me i could now opt out . this program does nothing ! as far as i can tell , i have yet found anyone or anything to get rid of this curse on my tablet !
no drivers are needed for adb devices in linux . the adb binary uses libusb to access the device . all you need to do is add device 's usb vendor id to ~/.android/adb_usb.ini
try doing a hard reboot ( power off the phone and power it back on ) . i had this problem just two minutes ago and that seemed to resolve it . cheers !
i think the method to restore it depends on the version of android you are using but try holding down on an empty section of the home screen till a menu pops up and select Widgets and then you want the one that ( on my phone ) is called Power Control . just hold your finger on it and drag it where you want it on the screen . if Widgets is not in the menu that pops up when you hold down on the screen then go to the main app drawer ( where all of your apps are listed ) and at the top select the Widgets tab and scroll along to Power Control before dragging and dropping it where you want .
have you tried a factory reset by fiddling the power and volume buttons ? reset galaxy tab with hardware keys if android os is not loading then you can hard reset galaxy tab using hardware keys combination . make sure tab is turned off ( press and hold the power button for about 10 seconds to turn it off ) . press and hold the volume up and power buttons at the same time , when logo appears on the screen release the power button and continue press the volume button when recovery screen appears use volume up/down buttons to navigate and select wipe data / factory reset by pressing the home or power button ( depends on galaxy tab model ) . ( i got this from http://www.trickyways.com/2010/12/how-to-reset-samsung-galaxy-tab-to-factory-settings/ and have not actually tried it myself . )
i had the very same problem with my io tablet ( samsung logo loop , sometimes the upload_cause screen , but never actualy booted ) . took me a lot of try/fails before i found a working solution . and this is it : you have to reflash not only the stock rom , but the stock bootloader too . i followed this tutorial and my tablet is working without a hitch ! good luck ! http://rootzwiki.com/topic/2525-guide-wi-fi-flashing-stock-bootloader-to-io-tab/
if your device is android 4.0+ and rooted , try " greenify " which i developed . you can safely hibernate any app you do not want it to run stealthily ( thus eat your memory , battery and slow down your device ) when you are not actively using it , while still keep it fully functional when you explictly run it , either from launcher or by sharing anything with it . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.oasisfeng.greenify
you can never " choose " per-se an app and dictate that the app will have that guaranteed amount of memory . sure , google maps consume space , but that is for the actual application , does not mean its hogging up memory , android is pretty smart when it comes to memory management . when you long press the home key , it shows the recent apps list , that does not mean they are all loaded at the same time . android keeps track of which activities was shown and if necessary load them again , and once the pressure of ram space hits a certain threshold , android will boot them out to make room for other apps . you cannot override android 's dictation of how and what application should be in ram , just by a user 's presumption that " this certain app should be there in memory and has guaranteed x amount of ram , because i want it to " android is not windows , where their task manager is available at all times via ctrl + alt + del and zap away processes to " free up memory " . . that mantra should be firmly repeated ad-nauseum ! : ) as ryan conrad 's statement in the comment , from the discussion arising out of the likes of ram boosters , task killers et al , this statement sums up exactly why the apps mentioned can have a negative effect on the battery , not to mention introducing instabilities into the system - it is cpu cycles that you should be more worried about than memory . word cpu cycles drains the battery regardless and as the commentator says free memory is wasted memory . let the os handle it . it is better at doing it . it knows what memory can be freed safely without causing additional strain and drain on the device simples really : )
you can try smart ram booster : most of android devices bundle with limited memory . android task manager will selectively kill low priority tasks in order to reserve memory to higher priority task . thats not always run at an appropriate time , causing low responsive apps , lagging , especially when you launch a new app after heavily browsing web pages . it causes a worse experience . how ram booster works ram booster is designed to overcome these issues by selectively kill less important apps that are running in the background but consumes considerable devices memory . ram booster comes with auto-boost in 4 levels : aggressive , strong , medium , gentle .
it is android 4.2 ( jellybean ) . ( a quick google image search helped me . ) source : link 1 , link 2
sync contacts to your gmail should be your best choice , it is very easy and does not cost you money . if you have not done that , you will need some third-party program to transfer your contacts to galaxy .
method 1 . the base way is to sync your contacts to your gmail account from your sony ericsson w810i if that is possible . then sync that account to your galaxy and your contacts will be copied ota easily . method 2 . sync all your contacts from your sony ericsson to outlook . then export those contacts from outlook to a csv file . once you have your contacts in csv file you can import that csv file to your gmail account and then sync that gmail account to your galaxy s 2 and you are done .
from this xda discussion : create a script in /etc/init . d to do it . you will need to remount / to read+write first though . and solution : thanks for your help ! i am quite firm in shell-operations , i just did not think i could just put a script to /etc/init . d ! : ) i'v created a shell-script named 07sdcard and with the content : code : #!/system/bin/sh rootrw ln -s /mnt/external1 /sdcard-ext rootro works geat ! : )
in the latest release of gmail you can long-press on the link and a menu will appear showing you the link . you then have options to " open in browser " , " copy link url " , and c .
try powering down the device . turn it all the way off , not just reset . this will ensure power cycling the nic . when you power it off , make sure it is off for at least 30 seconds .
the youtube video refers to an xda page as shown below : that xda page gives further details about the cm9 rom , gapps and instructions . your lg p690 's hardware seems to be a close match to my lg p500 . so , if you are not satisfied with the rom mentioned , you can give a shot with lgp500 's rom - the chances of getting it working in your p690 is good . please search this site for details on knowing from where to download rom for p500 .
you should check Contacts -> Menu -> Settings -> Default storage ( or similar ) , there you should have the different options , including phone memory , sim and always ask .
on my defy xt it is contacts -> menu -> accounts , then i can pick my account , and there is a check box for " sync contacts " which i have unchecked . i assume the default location is in the phone memory ( not sim or micro-sd ) . but , in contacts -> menu -> import/export , i can import from or export to the sd . a suggestion i have heard elsewhere is that if you want some contacts synced and some not , you can create another account , and have one account sync and the other not sync .
the phone should automatically remember all previous connected wi-fi networks . please verify these steps : when you disconnect from the network and it is not within reach will it remain in the networks list ? when you connect to the network and tap the network is there a button that says " forget network " or alike ?
apparently this functionality lays on the keyboard . i would and old version of swype ( which came installed ) . after rooting , i followed this instructions to update swype and now i get this functionality back . good luck to everyone !
buy it on the amazon android app store . they are matching the prices of the android market and its lets you download it . just gives you a warning that you may be purchasing a game that does not work with your device . and , as of today ( 12/11 ) its still $ . 10
i would suggest using a friend 's android phone that does support the game , setting up your account in his phone and purchasing it . be careful not to select any auto-sync features while doing so and make sure you remove the account from the phone once you have finished your purchases . @bryan denny : looks like you beat me to it : ) did not see your comment for the question .
that device is partitioned very oddly . it looks like they took 4gb and left it to device storage , and then the other 12gb are partitioned for an internal sd card . that is about the correct size that the android system would be using - but what is troubling is that they only left ~1gb or so for user-installable applications . i doubt there are any roms or recoveries available for your device , so i think the best solution would be to move as many applications as you can over to your sd card , therefore freeing up space to download more ( and then subsequently move them as well ) .
well , there is not many option available for you , can either root your device and install some other custom rom over your device which may be less bulky , or you can try removing more application to free up some more space out of your device . now rest i will leave it to you !
your best solution would be to " root " your device ( see here if you do not know what rooting is ) . basically " rooting " your phone will give you permission to do anything on your phone . you might find it strange but currently , you are not allowed to do many things with your phone even if you own it : ) anyways , getting back to the point . you can do the following things to make life easier for you:- remove some of the pre-installed applications which you do not use:- after rooting , you will be able to remove pre-installed applications . remove all of them which you do not use . you can use titanium backup for this purpose . integrate update of pre-installed apps:- some of these pre-installed applications ( including google applications such as gmail , play store , chrome , etc . ) receive an update at a later point of time . when they get updated , their old version does not get removed . they are still taking up space . after rooting you will be able to integrate the update so that older copies get actually replaced by new versions . you can use same titanium backup for this also . move as many apps as possible to sd card:- after rooting , you will be able to move any application to sd card . again , titanium backup to your help .
as aleverett has stated , there is not a setting within the app to do this . though you could download the free app called app lock and set a password that way on whatever apps that you had like .
go to this xda-developers thread and follow the instructions . you have to download an apk from there and install it as a system app . [ how-to ] disable ota updates on stock + rooted roms - xda-developers
you do not need to compile the source code to get an idea of what aosp looks like ; if you download the android emulator , it includes a default device image that is just aosp plus a few developer tools , without any of the google services . this sums up to : the linux kernel , dalvik vm , java libraries , and android framework stock launcher ( including the various lock screens ) stock keyboard stock browser ( not chrome ) calculator calendar ( syncs to exchange ) camera clock download manager email ( syncs to imap and pop ) gallery ( which also include a media player ) messaging music ( not play music ) people phone search ( local apps , people , and the web via google , not google now ) settings various app widgets almost all of the essential android framework are part of aosp ( e . g . intent system , permission system , activity/service system , content provider system , app widget system , daydream system , standard ui elements , notification bar , dalvik vm , jit compiler , java standard libraries ( apache harmony ) , opengl and renderscript , multimedia framework , connectivity framework , gps , sensors , etc ) . the only significant part of the framework that are not aosp is google cloud messaging , which handles push service , and play store services , which provides application updates , in-app billing , and game services . since these services are highly dependant on google servers , they cannot really be a part of aosp . all of the android development tools are also part of aosp . some important google apps that are not part of aosp includes gmail , google maps , youtube , google now , google+ , chrome , hangout , and play store . here are some screenshots taken from android 4.3 emulator : the launcher , with some stock widgets , enough said : all the apps in aosp pretty much fits into one page , this has been the case since early android : all the widgets :
i would like to know if they do create a solution for this as this would streamline things while doing a search . i would not imagine it be too hard for google to do this . just program the app to open tabs inside chrome app . idk maybe it is harder but what do i know i am no programmer
maybe you just unchecked some/all contact sources from showing up in the contact list ? open the contact list -> open the context menu -> hit ' more ' -> choose view settings
maybe your contacts have been swallowed by your google account and are no longer phone-only contacts . if that is the case you can get your contacts back in the " display options " inside your contacts/phone app . just choose to display google contacts and see if they are there . and , to open a . db file ( an sqlite database ) you need the proper software ( maybe a market app ? ) , some of them are free and easy to use , but i warn you , contacts . db is ugly as hell .
in general there really does not seem to be a good way to keep up with updates that have not been released directly to you . i find the best way is simply to be involved in the " android ecosystem " &mdash ; reading android blogs and news sites , and so on . sometimes there are stock rom lists maintained on sites like xda , for example this one for the i9001 , and you can monitor those . for actually acquiring roms , see : where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ?
from android play store , you can use astri-bee ( full version ) : support for epub3 ebooks , e.g. the rtl epub books which is generally not available for reading in most of the epub readers but a basic feature of epub3 ebooks , also javascript within epub ebooks is enabled . also support pdf , txt , html formatted ebooks . support for audio and video content within the epub ebooks , again , this is just a basic feature of epub3 ebooks , but we also extend the support of multimedia to epub2 ebooks using the adobe flash plugin ( requiring that the adobe flash preinstalled on your device ) i have highlighted what concerns your question . ps : appears to be a " young app " . . . only one revision .
from the description in the market , take a look @ himawari - https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=jp.green_fld.himawari although the reviews are not altogether too favourable . also , ibis reader has recently introduced the epub3 format into its reader - http://epub3.ibisreader.com/
please check out gyan epub reader . it is a fully compliant epub3 reader with audio and video support . no adobe plugins are required . it renders maths equations , svg animations and has a read-aloud feature .
kobo seems to be your best bet , and gyan looks like it could work too . here 's a couple others , but they are low-rated or in beta , so use at your own risk . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.vitalsource.bookshelf https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.easyaccess.epubreader source : http://www.mathjax.org/resources/epub-readers/
skyepub definitely supports epub3 ( audio/video media overlay functions ) see this link enter link description here
i can not see any obvious mention of that particular sgs2 ics rom on xda 's sgs2 pages but there are a few other ics roms there , all with install instructions in their main post . have you tried opening the rar file with something like winrar or winzip to see if there are instructions or a readme inside it ?
mostly it lets you choose when to install it so that you can make sure you phone is plugged in during the update and so as not to tie up your phone for a few minutes if you need it . usually you should install an update as soon as it is convenient to do so .
phone updates are an odd thing . manufacturers decide if the phone is capable of handling the update ( based on the device 's hardware ) and carriers decide when to push the updates to the handsets . there are exceptions , such as wifi only devices , where it is solely up to the manufacturer . however , system updates are generally a good thing . these updates bring bug fixes , security patches , and general improvements to the android experience . there have been some bad updates , that have broke existing features ; but these have been fixed within a few days and are few and far between on recent devices . but how to decide ? if you are hesitant at all to install the update , do some searching for the device and update . technology sites such as gizmodo and engadget post updates to many devices , especially if the update introduces problems . there are also many android specific blogs that post information of patches and updates . if no one is reporting problems then the update should be fine to install .
you are running sense that comes with these " extra " " sense like experience " apps . you are right , you cannot remove them by normal means . if you go to manage applications and select each htc app ( peep , facebook for htc sense ) you will not be given the option to uninstall them or delete them . if you do root your phone , you will be able to uninstall them via either adb or flashing some zips . you will not be able to just uninstall them the normal way once rooted . removing peep can possibly disrupt some htc widgets but you can still access twitter via the twitter app or other apps such as plume , tweetdeck etc . same thing for facebook/facebook for htc sense . friend stream is another htc app that integrates other social apps . users report different compatibility issues between friend stream and versions of the social apps . it does allow login with any version of facebook/twitter/flickr .
make sure to disable the auto-restore under Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Privacy -&gt; Automatic restore before installing a different rom .
on most roms ( if not all ) there is a checkbox after logging in to your google account in the initial setup wizard which allows you to enable backup/restore for the device . if you deselect this checkbox , your apps will not be automatically installed .
after you flash a new rom , you are usually asked to log-in to your google account . if i remember correctly , one of the ( wizard ) steps has a checkbox that will ask if you want to sync your account , or re-install the apps that you installed previously . is it possible that you missed this step and just moved to the Next screen ?
android does not have a default memo application , but most android app stores their database in /data/data/PACKAGE_NAME/databases/ . some applications write their data to the sdcard instead , so you might want to check that as well .
i installed xprivacy on my rooted device and disallowed the app "10003 contacts " all privileges but some : contacts-> " contacts/contacts " contactsprovider2 android . intent . action . view that seems to be the only needed privileges
possibility 1 ( worst case scenario ) - since you are not the original owner , you do not know what the previous owner did . in that case it can happen that he/she might have had experimented a bit and formatted the nand or the phone malfunctioned and somehow the nand got formatted i.e. full clean no bios ( download mode as in android ) . in this case , your phone is bricked . you can possibly bring it back if you have experience with rooting , custom rom flashing all that stuff . plus you will need the restore bootloader file for the nexus . i had experimented this : nand formatting on my galaxy s3 showed the same behaviour . go to the xda-forums and search . if you do not have any experience and do not know what i am talking about , i would suggest taking the phone to a service center . possibility 2 ( good scenario compared to the previous one ) - battery is dead since the nexus 's battery is inaccessible : the same solution here , also take it to a service centre .
it sounds like your nexus may not be getting enough power . check out this related article ( for nexus 7 ) that sounds like your problem : since you are not the original owner , and not under any warranty , perhaps you had like to try some diy work . in this case , check out this article . good luck ! i hope this can help you .
it looks like this happens because my recovery ( safestrap 3.65 ) does not support " set_metadata " . . . i tried these gapps ( "they are compatible with recoveries not supporting set_metadata" ) and they were flashed correctly .
after googling around a little , i found the source code of backuprestoreconfirmation . java , which is used to build the package com.android.backupconfirm . quoting from its comments : confirm with the user that a requested full backup/restore operation is legitimate . any attempt to perform a full backup/restore will launch this ui and wait for a designated timeout interval ( nominally 30 seconds ) for the user to confirm . if the user fails to respond within the timeout period , or explicitly refuses the operation within the ui presented here , no data will be transferred off the device . so this confirms what i already guessed in my comment on the question itself : it is belonging to the dialog popping up when initiating adb backup , and which does nothing but asking you to confirm whether the remotely triggered backup should be executed ( and if you want to protect it with a password ) . as the comment is further speaking of a backup manager service , one could also think of the google cloud backup ( see : google-backup ) . so let me again stress some important keywords from the comment 's start : a requested full backup/restore operation google cloud backup neither is a " full backup/restore operation " , nor can it be " requested " by the user . the only backup service this applies to is adb backup .
i use car mode ultra . it is highly customizable and more useful than the old car mode from google
there are 2 ways i have seen things that existed on the phone that did not have a application button , or shortcut . anycut ( or better cut ) anycut can make shortcut widget things for almost anything , all the normal things are already in it ( the apps you know ) . there is also this huge list of junk that is not easy to navigate , and sometines is very poorly marked like every settings item in existance . better cut attempts to assemble the data better in catagories , but not all items will exist in better cut . with anycut i have made direct buttons for deep settings items , and stuff i never even heard of . any cut might be useful for finding stuff , and setting it up with an icon to run . any good explorer , with the option to see hidden , even though without root you wont be doing much with it . duel file manager , astro , ghost commander , just about any of them except the built in file managers which are often more simple . with the explorers viewing and even searching for all items on the device , i found the jelly bean easter egg executable , and ran it , before ever knowing it was an easter egg . searching with a wildcard etc . most of these explorers have some way to run things that will run , or view . never know what you can find :- ) that is a few ways to look . i am runing testing now on the app called ultimate car dock , it is large button interface voice interaction , shorts contactcs and apps . read and replay to messages with voice it is " ok " so many others did not even get this far . 7day trial pay app . analisis of ucd , it works , it has to be task ended with its services set to task end to stop working , or be reset in settings . it was not so easy to get it to stop , which is both good and bad , good that a lot of programs fail over time , so this did not . needs more settings to reduce the interaction as the method is learned , eventually a person wants to tell it to shut-up and visually present less info . has the same fatal flaw with voice recognition that most everything else has , a " translate to text first " approach , then " programatically compare the stt text " that was poorly recognised . ( this method would work if there was a large " sounds like " compare for the limited choise triggers ) . other than that it was fully operational , very usable by clear speakers and tts knowlegable , very frustrating for mumbling non-tech people .
easytether lite works for me . i have used it on an xp machine as well as a mac . i love that it is cross-platform . shares your phone internet connection with computer/laptop/notebook ( windows 7/vista/xp 64-bit/32-bit , mac os x 10.4/10.5/10.6 , ubuntu 10.4+ ) . easytether works via usb . does not need root access . there is also easytether full . full app allows https - access to secure sites such as facebook , gmail , online banking etc . full app allows you to tether ps3 , xbox 360 , wii via your pc - enable internet connection sharing on your computer for that .
pdanet : http://www.junefabrics.com/android/mac.php
is the app on the play store ? if yes , it should push out an update without user intervention provided the setting to ' auto-update apps ' is set , depending on preference of either wifi or using mobile data . see below :
the official sony page says it has flash preinstalled ( look on the " in business " tab , " fast and full internet " section ) . the xperia mini pro meets the specs for adobe air , so i see no reason to believe you could not download air as well .
an adition to yrajabi 's anwser : in android , afaik , when you connect to an active wi-fi network , mobile data ( gprs , 3g , etc ) will be disabled ( even if are turned on ) temporary . so it would be ok to just connect to the wi-fi network . but , if you want to be sure about disabling mobile data , you should go to settings -> wi-fi and networks -> mobile data and uncheck the option to disable mobile data . ( in ics it is in settings -> wireless and networks -> more -> mobile networks ) sleep might change this if wifi is set to sleep when screen is off - wifi turns off and data comes back on ( unless data is force-disabled as per yrajabi ) . to keep wifi on during sleep be sure to set : settings> wireless and networks> wi-fi settings> menu button> advanced> wifi sleep policy to never .
in android , afaik , when you connect to an active wi-fi network , mobile data ( gprs , 3g , etc ) will be disabled ( even if are turned on ) temporary . so it would be ok to just connect to the wi-fi network . but , if you want to be sure about disabling mobile data , you should go to settings -> wi-fi and networks -> mobile data and uncheck the option to disable mobile data . ( in ics it is in settings -> wireless and networks -> more -> mobile networks )
most of my background is with iphone , and there are certain launch daemons that run when the phone starts up . sounds like this is the case here too . dennis from this post says the only thing i know of , like i point out , requires rooting the phone and voiding the warranty . go to /etc/rcx . d and remove the associated file with the executable . ( this , of course , assumes that the filesystem follows the same hierarchy as every other linux distro i have run . ) hope this helps ! thomas
before rooting your phone , a not-so-easy operation , you should have a try to disable the auto launch when the phone restart .
this goes with another post i made about a slightly different issue . background apps usually just respond to events . events they care about , which is usually nothing for these sprint apps . they take up ram . however unlike a desktop , when android wants ram it will remove anything in the " background " that it wants ( older first ) to free up space . \ the only exception to ram freeing up is when it sends notifications ( a permanent icon in the notification bar . . . like a downloading icon from the market while the item is downloading ) . so do not worry so much about it . these bloatware apps do not harm your android unless they do anything because batter is a big concern . careful with facebook/twitter as they ping the service every few seconds , you can disable the " pinging " by just disabling the behavior , they will not do anything then . even the messenger app might get removed from memory , when the system does a background synch it wakes up , loads , runs , and goes back to inactive .
this does not answer the question , but you could root your phone and disable the autostart with autostarts , or just remove them with titanium backup
those apps come with the phone and can not be turned off or removed unless you root . blame your carrier . there is really nothing you can do about it non-rooted . i feel your pain .
adb backup archives are a " all or nothing " solution when it comes to restore  which is what the " unsafe warning " is about . considering your circumstances , here are a few points to consider : do one " full backup " excluding your system apps cannot hurt , so you could restore that as-is . note , hoever , that this most likely also excludes data of system apps , which might include apns , contacts , calendars , etc . use e.g. helium backup ( no root required ) to create adb compatible backups of all your apps separately , so you can restore them separately . this can of course also be done on the command line ( specifying the package names ) , but this app makes it much more comfortable . create a full adb backup nevertheless , including everything ( except -shared , as data from your ( internal ) sdcard can be copied on file-level using any file manager ) . though you probably might not wish to directly restore it , you might still have use for it considering you are after rooting in the first place , here 's the background for my recommendations : if you succeed rooting your device , and have no side effects , all the above backups just gave you a " good feeling " , and you have no current need for them . but hey , it did not hurt ; could well be one of the following things happened : if you succeeded rooting , but had to factory-reset the device due to some side-effects , you could either use helium ( or adb restore ) to restore selected apps from their separate archives , or use adb restore to restore all of your user-space-apps in one run . but you could also use titanium backup to extract selected apps/data from the complete backup , and also restore some system data that way . if rooting failed , and you have to factory-reset your device , you at least can restore your user-space-apps and their data from that archive , or chose to only restore selected apps as described above . as for the size of 22 mb : that could be fine , or could be too small  depending on what apps you have installed , and how much data they have ; there are no absolutes for " user-apps-only " backups ( except of course for 0 byte files when you have at least 1 app installed ) .
with lbe privacy guard you can block positioning permissions for certain apps . you can download it here : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.lbe.security.lite it is important to note that lbe does require your phone to be rooted .
technically , ics can be put in samsung galaxy y duos s6102b . unfortunately , a ready-made rom featuring ics for the device is not available yet . so , unless you are a rom cooker and developer , you can not do this .
stock froyo ? no , not at the moment . custom rom ? take a look at xda forums , there are some roms currently in progress , but might be unstable on your phone .
froyo is released for the milestone go to this page to get it from motorola : http://www.motorola.com/staticfiles/support/gb-en/froyo/milestonenotification.htm
try using aviary instead . it is an excellent photo-editor app with even more features than the default one , and it works for me , even when i flash experimental jb roms where the camera does not even work . this is a strange problem , unique to your device , and you should probably report it on the cm forums . hth !
the bam kernel v15 beta will root your device . just flash it via odin and that is it ! ! there you will get everything what you need ! i own the same phone , and i feel it is safest way to root because some newbies flash some other packages which break their wi-fi or even cause the phone to boot loop .
your device seems to be quite easy to root . make sure you have samsung kies installed . download odin 1.8.3 go here and download the appropriate file for your firmware . to find out you firmware 's version , you can run dumpstate on the phone ( via adb shell or any terminal application ) . the fifth line of the output will contain the version identifier ( like Build: GINGERBREAD.XWKPG ) . start your phone in download mode . switch off your phone , and restart it while holding power + volume down + home enter download mode and plug your phone into your pc . start odin and put the firmware you just downloaded into the pda box . click start . your phone should reboot after a while . congratulations ! you are now rooted ! switch off your phone and reboot into recovery by holding volume up + home + power . wipe dalvik cache . reboot . source
you are going to need to install a sense-based rom . cyanogenmod is basically a customized build of the android open source project ( aosp ) code , which is released in source form by google . they use only open source components , and sense is a proprietary , closed source ui made by htc . installing a rom with sense is very easy , though . the procedure will be just like flashing cm - boot into recovery and flash a . zip file with the rom that you want ( alternatively , install via rom manager , whatever you prefer ) . there are custom sense roms as well as " stock " rooted roms floating around . the xda boards have a handful of each . you can find a rooted stock rom here , though , if you are looking to go back to the original system as provided by htc ( but retaining root ) . edit : i answered this under the assumption that you have no backups to work with , but if you used clockworkmod to create a backup of your system before installing cm7 ( which is highly advised for any future readers out there ! ) , you can restore that backup and . . . well , be back where you were on a stock rooted system . after all , that is the point of the backup !
too bad you can not ; the network specs are ; 2g : gsm 900 , gsm 1800 , that does not mean it has something to do with the software used or os , its network adapter can only support 2g network . that said , it does not mean you should not try some apps . here are some you can give a shot at ; 2g/3g , network conversion , network change . . . some may work and others may not . you could also get a 3g modem to work this out for you . some applications will show you that the network is changed to 3g , i would not buy that though . get some ways of testing your network speed after installing an app just to make sure . let me know when it works . glad to help .
according to the specs you linked , this tablet does not support 3g mobile networks , only gsm . to enable the mobile network features , you need to buy a 3g usb dongle and connect it to the tablet .
a workaround would be to trigger the desktop version of the site you are looking at . after the page refreshes , you should see more options for the youtube video .
for the drain caused by google play services , install the xposed framework and the module wakelock terminator . the free version lets you block 1 app , and that is all you need . open up wakelock terminator , choose to block google play services , and filter it with the following : nlpcollectorwakelock nlpwakelock checkinservice networklocationlocator . of course , your device must be rooted . if it isnt , try disabling location access when you are not using it
i had a similiar problem . it started when i accidentally played mp3 through google music ( "muzyka play " in polish version ) . the fix was to clear any cache and data in settings , app manager google music ( "muzyka google play" ) . now it stays quiet again and i am not gonna use it : )
the gmail application speaks gmail 's own proprietary protocol back to the gmail server , whereas the email application speaks open protocols such as pop3 or imap , as well as supporting activesync . the email application also has somewhat better support for multiple accounts . if you are only using a single gmail account then it is better to use the gmail application , but if you are using multiple accounts , or non-gmail accounts , you will want to use email . personally , i use gmail for my gmail account ( which i only use for google-specific purposes ) and email for my imap .
the main difference that i can see is the type of accounts that are supported : the gmail app is limited to accounts from google : username@gmail.com read and respond to your conversations online and offline manage multiple accounts view and save attachments set up label notifications email app : username@your_domain.com the main feature is that it works with all email providers , but its a very basic app , you can send and receive emails , but no search capabilities present .
you can not just download any rom and remove the asserts from the manifest . that is a sure fire way to brick your device . you need to find a rom that is compatible with your device . the status 7 error is there because you are installing a package that does not match the hardware you are trying to install it on . it is a safety measure . the guide for deleting the asserts from the manifest is only meant to allow flashing the file in an older recovery that does not recognize the asserts in the manifest . when doing this you have to be absolutely sure that you are installing on the proper device . if you delete the asserts and install on an incompatible device , it may fail still or it could flash , rendering your device useless . find a proper rom for your device and install that . do not just pick one unless you want to brick your device .
uninstall one of the duplicate apps
it looks like someone sent htc an email back in july and got the following response : i understand you want to know which speed is the best for your device as far as sd card is concerned . we have tested the devices on a class 4 speed . i could not recommend anything higher than that . the phone may be capable of running a higher-class speed , but we have only tested it on a class 4 . you may also want to email htc support and see what they officially say . from i have been reading , people have been using class 6 just fine . not sure about 8 or 10 .
this seemed to solve itself . after trying again just now , it worked . must have been a server-side thing . sorry i can not help anyone else that has this issue .
i had the same issue with the endless captcha . there is a solution though . go to https://www.google.com/accounts/displayunlockcaptcha on a pc or a web-browser and unlock the captcha for your account . you will then be able to login again with username and password on your device . hope this helps
try unlock the captcha : https://www.google.com/accounts/displayunlockcaptcha then , go back to your android phone e retype o password .
some tablets support usb hubs . source
typically yes , you can use a usb hub to connect multiple devices without any issues . whether or not these peripherals perform adequately may depend on the amount of power that they require , but that is common to un-powered usb hubs in any situation . google 's android support pages actually mention usb hubs . e.g. the nexus s support page on keyboards and other devices specifically states : to connect more than one usb device at a time , use a powered usb hub to reduce the drain on your phones battery .
hint : just try the combination with the other volume button if you enter the wrong mode ( that is what i do because i cannot remember the button trick either and do trial and error every other time i need this . launch your software , prepare the ftf for flashing and only then do the following to enter flash mode : switch off the phone ( remove battery maybe ) press the volume down button and hold it ( while holding ) plug in the usb cable if successful , the led should turn green just for the record , to enter fastboot mode : switch off the phone ( remove battery maybe ) press the volume up button and hold it ( while holding ) plug in the usb cable if successful , the led should turn blue if i mixed something up , please correct me .
samsung galaxy player 4.0 is not actually a phone per se , so it is hard to use it as such ( without some help at least ) : any of the following solutions answers your question the way you intended it to be answered , but this is the result of a deep investigation and testing that might help you or help others in the future . 1 ) just like a bluetooth handset : with a fair amount of limitations , you can pair the galaxy player to your smartphone just like pairing a bluetooth headset : turn on bluetooth on both devices , make the galaxy player discoverable , and scan with the phone . once the devices recognized each other and got paired , the player shows up connected to the phone . when a call gets to the smartphone , the galaxy player will ring as well . the screen does look just like the incoming call screen on a smartphone , providing an option to answer or decline the call . initiating a call from the smartphone , will automatically activate the galaxy player , just like it would with a bluetooth headset . if the galaxy player and your smartphone are close together , lets say it the same room , the call has a good quality , just like if you were talking on your phone . the power consumption for this solution is very low , so its a thumbs up as well . sadly , the contacts list on the galaxy player will do you no good , since it actually can not initialize any calls . 2 ) using wifi : one tested alternative with a very lost cost can be signing up with a service that directs texts and/or calls to the galaxy player . e.g. , google voice , see the international calling rates the only drawback using any service like google voice on the galaxy player is that you can only receive/send text messages and calls when connected to wi-fi , unlike a normal phone . google voice is a feature-rich call forwarding service . you get one phone number that will ring all of your phones ( cell or landline ) . with it , you can receive voicemails and text messages ( no multimedia messages/mms , though ) . being a part of your google account , you have access to all of your messages ; call logs and more . google voice @ google play 3 ) using voip signing up with a service with a voip solution , it is possible to make actual calls from the galaxy player ( or any device with speaker and microphone ) . e.g. , line2 , see the plans comparison this service does not get you stuck to a contract , extra fees or a period of time . so , if a better solution appear in the future , you can stop using it immediately .
the short answer is that managed items are items that can only be purchased once per user and that google play keeps track of their purchase , unmanaged items are not tracked by google play and they can be purchased multiple times . a fuller description is given in google 's in-app billing version 2 : managed per user account  items that can be purchased only once per user account on google play . when a user purchases an item that uses the " managed per user account " product type , google play permanently stores the transaction information for each item on a per-user basis . this enables you to later query google play to restore the state of the items a specific user has purchased . if a user attempts to purchase a managed item that has already been purchased , google play prevents the user from purchasing the item again and displays an " item already purchased " error . the " managed " product type is useful if you are selling items such as game levels or application features . these items are not transient and usually need to be restored whenever a user reinstalls your application , wipes the data on their device , or installs your application on a new device . unmanaged  items that do not have their transaction information stored on google play . this means that you cannot later query google play to retrieve transaction information for those items . for " unmanaged " purchases , you are responsible for managing the transaction information . also , google play does not attempt to prevent the user from purchasing an item multiple times if it uses the " unmanaged " product type . it is up to you to control how many times an unmanaged item can be purchased . the " unmanaged " product type is useful if you are selling consumable items , such as fuel or magic spells . these items are consumed within your application and are usually purchased multiple times . note that only version 2 of the in-app billing deals with both managed and unmanaged , version 3 only deals with the managed in-app product type .
when i go to my date and time settings , there is option that says : automatic - use network-provided values . so , basing on this wording ( also in other languages ) , i would say that automatic time is provided from your carrier . there are apps , that can sync your clock with gps satellites or ntp servers .
yes , any phone that has a front-facing camera and is running gingerbread ( android 2.3 . x ) and above will be able to join and initiate hangouts with the latest version of google+ app .
the solution is possibly covered in : set mp3 ringtone in nexus s . in summary , copy the downloaded file to /sdcard/media/audio/ringtones , and it'll be available as a ringtone upon next boot . if this does not help , another way could be as given here .
yes there is . when the community discovered this feature in android 4.1 ( the code was exist but has not been declared yet so google did not open the feature in settings ) , i remember playing with this in my nexus 4 . so , here are some commands that i remember for the android terminal : create new user : " pm create-user user_name " . to switch between users : " am switch-user user_id " . to get the list of all the users : " pm list-users " . to delete a user : " pm remove-user user_id " . hop this helps .
you are stuck with this . this is the way clockworkmod recovery works . i did a search and the devs on xda say if you dont like it unroot your phone . it is indeed a nuisance since powered off chargin charges faster . though , oh well !
put your phone into airplane mode before going to sleep .
you could separate your lecture audio from music using playlists from the native android music player or with doubletwist . another option might be cloudaround . you can use the player to sync music from various cloud storage providers but it also allows you to hide what you do not want to see or play from your app settings . you could hide all music files and use the player for dedicated lecture-listening .
deadbeef allows you to manage multiple playlists . the playlists are not those in a traditional sense ( where you load pls , cue , etc ) in that you select directories to populate the playlists . if you were to store you files on your phone in such a manner : /sdcard/music/lectures/ . . /sdcard/music/music/ . . you could then create two playlists , loading the respective directories . deadbeef will ask you to install a plugins pack on first launch . these plugins allows you to play mp3s , as well as flacs and cues . android market qr
as far as i am aware , android basically just does not work this way . you can turn off the screen ( "sleep " mode ) and put it into airplane mode for some extra battery saving , but there is no " standby " equivalent like on a laptop . the processor should underclock itself when you do this , too ( how much probably depends on the device ) . and , as lie ryan points out in the comments , for phones this is largely due to the fact that a call could come at any time . i would guess honeycomb 's behavior is essentially a hold-over from that since it is easier than rewriting it . that being said , if you just want a book reader , you might consider something like a nook color . the iconia is really a full-fledged tablet pc ( though running android ) , but something designed specifically for e-reading will probably offer better battery life .
id like to do exactly what your are saying . have my phone synced to my tablet using wifi or bluetooth and use the tablet as my handsfree interface for phone there is this app but its still in its easrly development phase although those that have used it say its not too bad and has plenty of promise https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.funkyandroid.phonelink cheers mark
many ( maybe most ) phones do not actually have a gps receiver built in , rather using cellphone towers and triangulation to calculate their position . wifi has nothing to do with either by the way , it is completely separate . other phones do have gps built in but will use it only when no cellphone reception is available , as gps tends to use a lot more battery power ( many will also turn it off when the cellphone functionality is turned off because that is usually understood to be done where active antennae are not allowed ( like in aircraft and many hospitals ) and/or to preserve battery power .
i had this issue - it is not that a fix does not come , it is just that it is taking a very long time to get a fix . this is due to the lack of the downloaded agps data - it can not download the data , and so has to rely on solely gps satellited , which takes ages . if you have been disconnected from the internet for a while , then you will suffer from these effects . agps data is cached for a few days , or when you change location , so if you just disconnected , gps should work for a while afterwards . ( you should also check to make sure that the google system is enabled for location use )
yes , gps location is binded with the gps chipset . you can get co-ordinates from gps and store it while offline . you can than view it in maps application when you get online .
the reason it does not work is a gps has to be paired with a map to work . cell phones download chunks of map data based on your location and pairs it with map data . without map data it is simply longitude and latitude data . to make it work with a nexus you have to have map data stored to work outside of of wi-fi range . if the app does not load at least 2gb of data you are probably put of luck .
on my samsung galaxy note 3 phone it is also /sdcard/Pictures/Screenshots the fact that it is in the same place on two different devices suggests that it is an android standard , rather than something left up to the device manufacturer .
on my nexus devices /sdcard/Pictures/Screenshots i think it is the default , odd really as it should go in with dcim
i would guess there is a setting issue in the apn check your setting in apn with you phone company
cloning a sim card is not what you think it is . apart from the simple contacts information , the only thing stored on it is a code which identifies your phone to your carrier . it is like a user id , which the carrier can use to look up which plan you are on and what phone number you should have . although cloning a sim card is possible , it is not something you want to do as a customer . it is a technique used by crackers to impersonate another user to the phone network , in order to illicitly receive their phone calls . it may be illegal where you live . think of the sim card like a credit card . it belongs to the carrier : they just lend it to you for the purpose of using their service . if your bank sends you a new card , or you change bank , you do not " clone " your old card onto your new one : you just use the new card . and , just like a bank card , if your carrier did not send you the new card as a replacement for the old one , then it refers to a completely different account . if you simply want to move your old phone number to your new phone , you need to contact your ( old ) carrier to do this .
i have used both quality bluetooth and wired headsets adapters with my htc desire without anybody complaining about sound quality . in general i do not think you can go wrong with plantronics headsets , i have been using their landline ones for years .
most bluetooth speakers ( not all ) have a 3.5mm jack for the sole purpose of audio out , not audio in . because of this , audio can not be sent to the bluetooth speaker via auxiliary cable to be played , because the speaker 's sole purpose is to output audio over a bluetooth connection or through headphones in the speaker 's 3.5mm jack . my suggestion is to gain access to a device with bluetooth and connect to the speaker to play music . once this is done , connect headphones to the 3.5mm jack in the speaker and see if the sound is played through the headphones , as opposed to sound coming directly from the speaker . if sound does play through the headphones , then you have found your solution .
well , if its working before and has started giving you problem after the update i would say why do not you try uninstalling the updates . try heading over to the application manager> youtube application> uninstall the updates . see if that helps you out , it that still does not helps your then try clearing the cache and the data stored by the google play services application and then again try restarting the youtube application .
can you access recovery at all ? if so , put this file on your sd card , and install it using stock recovery .
other users ' address books are not synced with your g+ profile afaik . your friends would have to either manually update their google account contacts on the web or manually update their address book on their phone . either way , if sync is turned on for that account on a friend 's phone , updating the one will update the other .
your numbers are not synced to google contacts . your friends need to install the official google+ app in order to see your numbers .
you can delete it at picasaweb.google.com. ( click on the album , and then use the ' actions ' dropdown list . )
that is not an actual folder on the device . it is from your google++account . it contains the pictures that are displayed next to your profile picture . if you do not have any , it will still show up on your device except it will be empty . it cannot be removed .
i would find the folder through usb mode or a file system explorer such as x-plore and delete the folder manually . then it should be removed from the gallery .
this , and any other , folder of this kind ( added automatically to gallery , without reference to local on-device folder ) is always added from picassa , even if you have never used that service . if you are using newer versions of android ( 4.1+ ) such folders should be marked with small picassa icon in the bottom-right corner , where you have standard folder icon for yours folders . these folders are often not editable from the device . i.e. you are saying about deleting this folder over and over again , while i ended-up with more than five such scrap folders without any kind of option to delete either entire folder or any of its contents . what was even worse ( and more frustrating ) you can have such folders even , if you do not use particular service at all . for example i had a lot of such garbage folders though i have not activated google+ and i have not uploaded anything to picassa . the only way to remove such folders is to login to on-line service , it belongs to ( google+ , picassa etc . ) and remove it there . in my case , using picassa ( that i have never used before ) and remove any garbage google has automatically added there solved the problem . you should be able to achieve the same , once you login to google+ . alternatively , you can disable photos sync at all , if this is an option for you . but i have heard reports , that this may not help at some certain situations , especially , when source for additional folders is not picassa , but google+ or similar service .
now , the only option you have : flash rom over usb using odin ( if you have windows pc ) . you can find firmware files for your device on internet ( look xda forum ) .
i believe you backed up from recovery , correct ? if that is the case , then the backup should contain everything that was on your phone before the backup -- apps , saved games , etc . so restoring the backup should have restored angry birds and its save data , as long as that was present before the backup . titanium can back up the app , the app 's data , or both . it does require root . non-root users have to deal with recovery backups , which are not as flexible since you can not restore only bits and pieces -- it is all or nothing . of course , the sd card is easy to back up ( plug it into a computer ) and some apps may allow you to export data . you had have to ask rovio why they chose not to use a database , but i would guess it is because the save data is so simple . if you open the file it is almost human-readable text . even easier to back up than a database .
i can not tell you for sure , but the android os supports x509 so i would assume the browser does as well .
when you go in to accounts and sync . it is going to show which account is currently syncing . then from there , you can go in to the account and you will see what type of sync is happening . it will show , for example , that " reader " is syncing . so google reader is the app that is syncing . or it will show " gmail " is syncing . those would be the apps that are syncing . i do not think just any app can trigger a sync for some other app . like reader should not be able to trigger a sync for picasa images . but really , even if they can trigger other apps to sync , it is still the original app that is performing the sync . only the twitter app is going to sync " twitter data and contacts " , and only the gmail app is going to sync your gmail .
by workspace you mean homescreen ? you could try a custom launcher , like apex or nova , which allow you to backup your homescreens .
you can backup app and data of the native twlauncher app using titanium backup . see , e.g. , discussions here and here .
well , i can not say correctly but i think it is showing green lock because the application is locked by some other application , do you remember installing any application which may be responsible for locking those application off ! i would say you need to go through the application installed again . i think this must be some cleaner application which you may have installed recently .
this is the task bar showing applications currently in main memory . the broom cleans up main memory except " locked " apps . to clean them up , you can flick them up one by one . yet , with android it is not necessary to do this in the vast majority of cases . android os does a pretty good job of managing memory and swapping apps to storage .
there is hope . i coded a proof-of-concept app that does exactly this ( and using it as my everyday keyboard ) . starting from cupcake , the system has a InputMethodService that allows to override keypresses on the fly . this allows applications to change keycodes on the fly without requiring root . the source-code is available here ( for the most curious only )
with desktop os 's keyboard layouts are held in the software of the os , and i can not imagine android is much different . since the only devices that are designed for android and that have a physical keyboard ( that i can think of ) are phones i doubt there is even an option in the android stack to change the keyboard layout since you obviously can not just pull the keyboard off your droid and swap it with another one . there might be some way of intercepting the input from the keyboard before it hits your device and remapping the data , but it would require a specialized app ( if the option does in fact exist in the android stack ) or for you to plug something in between your keyboard and tablet .
if you are rooted , you may be able to modify the keyboard layout files defined here : http://source.android.com/porting/keymaps_keyboard_input.html warning : i have not tried this myself , so i do not know if it will work . modifying system files may brick your android .
some options : try hitting menu -> refresh in gmail , there should be a notification prompting you to re-enter the password . if it is in the notification bar , pull it down and click it . clear the cache and data for all google apps on your phone : gmail , gmail storage , google framework services , talk , accounts , play store , etc . via Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; All . if your phone lets you , go to Settings -&gt; Accounts and sync and remove and re-add the account .
if you use google apps for business and your services were part of the big migration fiasco then you might have found yourself in the same situation i was in . after changing my google account password i somehow had a google apps account with my new password , and an old personal account with the same username , but old password . if you can log into gmail using your old password , but are then prompted to rename your personal account or migrate services then this has probably happened to you . i would already migrated stuff previously , but i had not renamed my old account . i thought it would have died by now . i logged into my old account using current user name and old password . when prompted to rename my old account i did so . the next time my phone tried to log in the username old password combo was no longer hooked up to an old account and it asked me to enter a new password .
i think that cwm is not able to detect sd-ext because it is not mounted as"/sd-ext " but instead as "/data/sd-ext " by link2sd . but i do not know in detail abot android working i cant fix it .
a possible solution is described e.g. in this modaco forum thread . in case of that user , the sd-ext partition got corrupted as it was mounted wrongly by the android system ( he used gparted to create his partitions which , regardless of the filesystem created ( ext2/3/4 , fat32 ) , then were mounted as ext4 ) . so what he basically did : he factory reset the phone , deleted the partitions on sdcard , recreated them on phone ( i.e. . not with the card mounted to any pc , but directly on the phone , using cwms options as far as i understood ) . i did not try that solution myself , as i am not affected by the problem .
my suspicion that rom manager does not support sd-ext backup is quite confirmed with my experience . while looking for alternatives , i understood that there are these three recoveries available : clockwork mod recovery ( cwm ) amon ra recovery teamwin recovery ( twrp ) i tried the twrp 2.2.2.1 from its xda thread and i am glad to inform that it did back up my ext3 partition . other than this benefit , i have a touch interface which is much easier in par with cmw 's user interface .
based on what i have read so far , this may be a bluetooth issue . some people have fixed the issue by : using only 1 bt device . if you have connected both a bt keyboard and bt mouse , disable one of them . disabling wi-fi . having both wi-fi and bt seems to trigger a repeating key issue . using external keyboard helper pro . it has a do not repeat option . link to app . at the end of the thread , it mentions that bt was re-engineered in android 4.2 . so if you upgrade to 4.2 , that should fix the issues you are having .
for quick access to your email address i agree with lie ryan , entering it into your user dictionary will bring it up as an auto suggestion as you type , however i would not do this for more sensitive information . for a more secure and even faster method i would recommend using dolphin browser hd with the lastpass plugin . lastpass lets you securely save user login and password info , as well as different profiles with addresses and credit card numbers . with this setup you can fill out a whole form with one click . if you do not use dolphin browser you can accomplish the same thing with the auto-fill bookmarklets that lastpass offers .
you might be interested in my answer on this question application to switch among multiple running applications additionally , smart keyboard pro does text macros .
i would put it into the keyboard 's user dictionary . there are a few clipboard/snippet manager application , you might be interested if you need to store longer texts : clipper text snippet lite ime
solved : installed i9500xxufnb3 ( via odin )
you can use a custom lock screen . just pick the one that you like
eduardo you are right , there is already a way to do this with the standard messaging app . you have to disable the " group messaging " setting in the messaging app . not sure if this setting is available on all versions of android but i have v4.4.2
sms and mms are 1 to 1 messages . doing what you want it is standard . just send the message using the standard sms client . it is lets you send to multiple recipients , but it sends a individual message to each .
a developer has to call su within the application . once it calls that , and the user has granted permission to use su , then they run commands in the shell that has root permissions . in a way , system apps have " special " permissions but not root like an app would get by calling su . they have the permissions that android grants system applications .
once upon a time , there is a walled city with a large , closed gate bound by magical lock that can only be opened with a magical sword . according to the cityfolk 's traditions , anyone who brings the magic sword and unlocked the magical gate is destined to be the lord of the city . one day , a young hero comes to the city , bringing with him the magical sword he took from the root of the yggdrasil tree . he tapped the sword lightly on the door , and immediately the magical gate unlocked itself and peered open . the cityfolks cheered , and as per their tradition , they anointed the young hero as the city 's lord . as a city lord , there are many tasks he had to do , one of which is to ensure the security of his people , especially now that the gate is open and bandits and thieves may attempt to enter the city and rob the cityfolks ' of their belongings . to ensure the peaceful days of the cityfolks , the wise lord hired a trusted su manager to guard the gate ; dutifully , the su manager enters the city , and he closed the gate behind him , and he put a lock that only he can open , then he creates a big door knob for strangers to knock the gate , a small hole on the door where he can peek outside and look at the strangers , then asks the city 's lord whether or not to allow strangers in . in eternity , the wise lord ruled the city for a long time and the cityfolks lives happily ever after .
which actual files delegate permissions ? there is typically a " superuser " application that is included in rooting processes . this application is the gatekeeper/controller of which applications get root access . any time an application asks for root access , this application will pop up and ask you to either approve or deny the request . are all system apps given root permissions at startup ? as far as i know , everything must go through the " superuser " app .
i have been hunting for an answer for this myself , and information has been really elusive . but between other answers and questions here , and reading the superuser blog , i think i have been able to piece together how it works . in a standard *nix system , su checks if the user is authorized to become root ( on some systems , everyone is ; on others , they have to be a member of group wheel or something ) , prompts for the root password , and then grants root access . on a rooted android , what seems to be happening is that superuser comes with a custom version of su that figures out what app invoked it , then checks the superuser access database for whether or not that app is permitted to become root . if it is , then it makes the jump to root . if not , it spawns the authorization ui .
yes you can lagfix without rooting by flashing a kernel like voodoo through odin . but this will void your warranty anyways . if it helps , the sgs phones are very easy to unroot and revert to stock to hide what you did .
a system update will most likely un-root your phone , but if all you have is the tethering hack , i would recommend updating , re-rooting , and reinstalling the hack , after making sure the the hack is supported in the next version .
use xperia notes app . this allows you to add texts , draw pictures and record audios as well . it also has a widget . but the app may not be compatible with your device .
i am using samsung galaxy note android 4.0.3 . and i have tried encrypting and decrypting several times successfully .
there should have been a warning when you begin the encryption that you had to agree to . the only way to unencrypt it is to perform a factory reset , thereby wiping your data partition completely .
messaging > menu ( bottom left button ) > settings > notification settings > uncheck vibrate
after doing some more research , i found a thread with a lot of users having the same exact problem : their solution is to use either headset blocker or disable autoplay apps . this seems to have sort of worked . just make sure that taskkiller is not disable either of these . i am still experimenting on how to fix this issue . . . edit1 : i still see the same issue even though both suggested apps are running . i believe the taskkiller app may be causing this issue . i am going to try disable it and seeing if this gets anywhere . edit2 : still no luck . i am going to try rooting my phone and installing the autostarts app
when your phone is in hotspot mode , it will only use your mobile data . you will need to remember to switch the hotspot off when you have wifi available . you might be able to script the shutting down of the hotspot with tasker or locale , but i am not sure if the " wifi near " function would work when in hotspot mode ( a good topic for its own question ) . your nexus 7 will tend to connect to the strongest signal available , and then stay connected to that network until it loses the connection . when you turn off the hotspot on your nexus 4 , the tablet should auto-connect to an available wifi network .
is your samsung galaxy s3 from us cellular locked for us cellular only ? if yes , you will not be able to use a sim card from a different carrier with it . you will have to unlock the phone first so that it allows sim cards from other networks .
you can find creation mode in s4 mini by following this sequence : open messaging . press to the left of home button to open message setting options , and select settings at the bottom of the list . scroll down to mms settings - creation mode is there , it has ' restricted ' ' warning ' and ' free ' . as far as i can determine , your downloads or screenshots which are saved as .png will still be .png , and therefore other devices may be unable to open or view those files , but you can at least send them . i am going to send to another galaxy device to see if it can view them , worth experimenting .
you most likely have to power down and back up for the card to be recognized . asus says you do not have to do that but if you do not it will not see the card . typical of how terrible asus is at supporting this tablet .
a very simple way ( but one that inquires a small cost ) is to use something like wifi file explorer . the free version allows you to download files from a device on the same network as your pc , the pro version enables uploading and downloading directories . wifi file explorer ( click image to enlarge ) as for reading the sd card directly from the computer , i have not found anything that gives instructions on how to do this . but if i find anything , i will let you know !
android studio contains adb in folder android-studio\sdk\platform-tools it is possible to add to path in windows and use terminal inside android studio only by command : " adb shell " and after use " su " get root shell . locate android studio platform tools folder ( eg : c:\android-studio\sdk\platform-tools ) open enviroment variables in windows ( http://www.computerhope.com/issues/ch000549.htm ) add platform tools to end of path ( eg : ; c:\android-studio\sdk\platform-tools ) reopen android studio use terminal with command : " adb shell " older windows will maybe need reboot after change path variables .
menu > settings> apps> running application> find xperia keyboard > settings ( xperia keyboard ) > text input settings> my words , . . choose the word you want to delete or edit , , . . thats the step that i learned so far , . , hope helps . .
do not wipe everything . it is possible to delete individual words . i have the experia t , i and have just done this : open a text click to reply so the keyboard pops up press the 12 ! ? button down-left corner go across to the right , and click on the spanner icon go in to my words hold your finger down on a word , and down the right of the screen will pop up a box next to each word ticking the boxes of the ones you do not want hit delete , and they all magically disappear .
goto settings> applications> ( select all ) > goto user dictionary/message extention/ anything having dictionary or with the envelop logo . go there and press clear data . and u r done
best answer i have found so far : you could try clearing all data from the keyboard . Menu&gt;Settings&gt;Applications&gt;Running Applications then tap All . scroll down and find Internation Keyboard ( if thats the one you are using ) and Clear Data . source : sony ericsson support forum of course , it will also set the keyboard to the original settings . anyway , i would like to find a way to remove some misspellings and not all the learned words , so if somebody knows how to do it , i will be glad to hear from it .
what you are experiencing is probably the " sudden death " issue experienced by several users . you could try updating your firmware to the latest firmware released by samsung or flash a custom rom to fix the issue .
apparently , " this is not a user-configurable option right now " . i am not sure if that is a general android problem , or a specific cyanogenmod one . totally clueless about why , of course .
this sounds like you are using pop3 to access your email . this does not sync read status back to the server . can you configure your email using imap ? take a look here and use these settings
also if your email subdivides your inbox into new and old mail , the phone reads both as inbox and will load everything in both folders as new mail to the phone . easiest thing to do is to create an alternate folder for those old mails you want to save and moving them in there . that way they will be removed from the inbox .
go in the email settings and remove the limit settings , just let them all load instead . i have done this and it works so far i do not get notifications for my older emails . joe
i have just published an app for automatic photo upload to google drive with lots of convenient options . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mynextandroid.drivephotosync it is free so give it a try ! brs
i use sweet home ! free app to upload photo 's and video 's from my android devices over wifi at home to my nas google drive folder . ( this is fast 300mbit/s ) . then the google drive tool on my nas ( which has windows os ) uploads the pictures and videos to google drive to be able to share and have an extra cloud backup . google+ app comes in to easy watch and browse through the pictures . so i do not use the upload function in google+ , because i can not find an easy way to sync the photos localy after that and uploading right from the mobile device to internet is always slower than locally to the nas . florisz
use dropbox . its app has " camera upload " functionality . and you get free space for uploading photos .
i was seeking an answer for about 2 hours , finally i found the correct answer on google picasa sync with google+
there is a thread on google groups that covers this issue . by the answer provided by analikeslattes , this is being considered and possible prepared by google staff since 5/1/12: android instant upload to drive hi all , thanks for your input . we have heard many requests along these lines , and are definitely looking into potential solutions on our end . i will do my best to keep this forum updated once relevant features start to become available . in the meantime , please keep posting your requests about the drive android app ! we are always excited to hear from our users . cheers , ana as far as i can tell , this is not yet implemented and a year has passed . since both applications are from google and they alone can take the necessary steps to have this feature implemented properly , i would suggest to you and any interested person to visit the thread and leave the " feature-wish " there . app suggestion while it would be great to have a native solution for this problem , oliver salzburg commented on my post at google+ about this issue refering the app suggested bellow , that i have just now tested and is working beautifully sending all of my files to my desired destination on the google drive . foldersync lite foldersync is a application that enables simple sync to cloud based storage to and from local folders on the device memory card . it currently support multiple skydrive , dropbox , sugarsync , ubuntu one , box .net, livedrive , hidrive , google docs , netdocuments , amazon s3 , ftp , ftps , sftp , webdav or windows share ( samba/cifs ) accounts , and support for more platforms are planned . you do not need more than 5 minutes to complete the 3 basic steps : add your google drive account add a folderpair start the sync process
that calendar app is the default included in aosp . carrier and manufacturer customizations frequently replace the aosp variants in favor of modified versions . this is what is happened with the galaxy sii updates . instead of vanilla android you received touchwiz . if you had like it on your phone , you can install it from the play store or flash a custom rom like cyanogemod or aokp .
you did not mention if you are on stock rom or custom rom . but you mention twrp , so you are probably using a custom recovery ( though not necessarily on a custom rom ) . what i would try to do is to push stock recovery back into your phone , and try the ota update again . if that does not work , you can download the stock 4.4 rom from sammobile , and flash it using odin . take note that this will wipe your data .
i ended up looking at cyanongenmod 's source code and figured out how they did it . here is my working . sh script : echo 'boot-recovery ' &gt; /cache/recovery/command echo '--update_package=/sdcard/update.zip' &gt;&gt; /cache/recovery/command reboot recovery 
alas , it is not possible officially . as the message told you , there are dependancies on the running kernel . this belongs to the core of your phone 's operating system and is only meant to be upgraded by official updates from sony ericsson . your current firmware is however already the latest version sony ericsson provides for the x8 as it has reached end-of-life update-wise . hence , you cannot do anything about it except installing a non-official community mod . for the sake of completeness : such a mod exists , see this for an example . however , it is not an easy path to get it working initially . i would suggest you refrain from installing it if you have concerns to void your warranty and do not want to end up with a broken device .
download barnacle wifi tether this app will load it is own drivers and actually use your phone as a modem . i have used it once before with my x8 android 2.1 also .
in his answer , dan already pointed to my list of apps by real-life topics , which offers some extras as well . currently , it only covers a small subset of what is available on google play , though ( for some numbers : ~10,000 apps = ~1% of google play , including roughly 5% of the apps available in aptoides ( curated ) main repository , and a third of the apps available on f-droid  with some overlappings ) . one more resource to mention for apps not covered there is appbrain , which is a different front-end to google play store . so you should find all apps there , and they also show " concerns " ( what dan put as " interesting combinations" )  a very useful thing to be warned about potential danger . if an app is missing from their list , you can easily make it appear by copy-pasting its package-name ( or full google play url ) on this page . it might take some minutes then , but it will eventually be available ( usually within 10 . . 30 minutes ) .
i think that a mixture of xprivacy and playpermissionsexposed will do the trick . they are part of the popular xposed framework . for gb devices , you can use liudongmiao 's xposed installer gb at the xda developers forum . make sure to read the instructions . i am not responsible if you do not . if you run into any problems , please feel free to comment . ps : the xposed framework needs root , unless you manually decide to flash in recovery . if you are not willing to do so , look at the other answers .
while this is not used for viewing permissions ( better off following the advice given by the other answers ) , i feel that i am obligated to endorse xprivacy , an xposed module for restricting permissions . if you are ever worried about extensive permissions , use this . its completely open source too !
you do not need an external tool for this . on the versions of the play store with the new " simplified " permissions dialog , you can still find a full list of permissions from the app 's store page ( the screen with the icon at the top , description , screenshots , and c . ) . scroll down to the bottom of the page . under " additional information " you will see " permissions " with a link " view details " . click this link to see a dialog with the list of individual permissions . however , if you do want an external tool , appbrain is an alternative web front-end to the play store , and lists the permissions individually for each app . from there you can click through to install the app from the real play store . not all apps appear on appbrain , but many of them do , especially the popular apps . there is also a resource offered by izzy , a good friend of this site . his website offers a curated list of apps , searchable by permissions . it also gives a fuller description of each permission , and highlights interesting combinations . because apps are added to his site by a manual process , it is a very small list compared to the huge number of apps on the play store , but consists of a good range of recommended and popular apps in different categories .
the connectbot developers recommend full keyboard to issue keyboard shortcuts . but there are also other keyboards .
the app best suits for you is sony walkman player here are the download links . walkman . apk visualizerpack . apk all the features you want can be found here . have a play queue have lock screen controls visualizer mode . edit metadata and many more . simply install it and try it out .
this is the method i use for finding important apps which have to fit certain requirements : make a list of all the features you want . have some music in the standard music folder which the standard music app uses . do not have too much music as it may take a new app a long time to read it all . find an article which compares popular music players like "10 best android music players " . popular ones will be most likely to have lots of features . download the music apps mentioned in the articles . start it and test it to see if it has the features on your list . keep a record of the ones that meet most of your requirements , as there is a chance you might not find exactly what you want .
you can use apps like exif tag editor ( photo ) and pixelgarde to view/edit exif data of your images . both apps has the ability to batch-process the images . if you are looking for a way to automatically add information ( particularly the camera model as in your question ) , you cannot do anything rather than waiting for an update from your device manufacturer . this is because embedding that information is configured the the rom itself .
some device manufacturers dont use /graphics/fb0 to access camera due to different camera drivers . my help to you is going on a native ndk application to do that . look in here http://javacv.googlecode.com or https://code.google.com/p/spydroid-ipcamera/ . regards
you can simply flash win odin gt-i9100 firmware . firmwares you can get from sammobile odin you can get from http://web.djodjo.org/?a=download:android:tools:win:bootloadertools get odin307 you can also check this tutorial for flashing with odin .
i have switched to nova launcher on my devices so that i can have more control over the layout and number of screens . adw , apex and nova ( and others ) have free versions you can try . nova will even import your current layout so you do not have to reconfigure . i think apex may offer that option as well .
when i had the original nexus 7 ( now dead ) , there was no way to delete a page from the homescreen . so , i am not surprised the nexus 7 v2 still does not have this feature . on the original nexus 7 , i flashed the cyanogenmod rom , which uses the trebuchet launcher . this launcher had the feature to delete a page from the homescreen . if flashing a new rom is overkill , you can install a new launcher , as t0mm13b suggested . i personally use nova launcher on my samsung galaxy s4 , which lets me delete a home screen by launching Nova Settings from the home screen ( via left soft key ) , and going to Desktop &gt; Home Screens .
there is an app called broadcastmyself , but i will admit so far i have failed to broadcast . however it is the only app i have found so far so i am gonna keep trying
give this a go : try to stay away from magnetic fields as far as you can open gps essentials and tap on compass ( calibration will not work when the compass is not showing ) put the phone on a flat surface with the display pointing up move the phone slowly , 5 seconds per full rotation is ok rotate the phone three full cycles around the axis pointing upward rotate the phone three full cycles around the axis pointing away from you rotate the phone three full cycles around the axis pointing right the direction of rotation does not matter this should fix your problem . credit to lepidas on xda
do not know of any youtube option for that end , but if you are open to use an app to limit other apps , you can give a go to onavo count | monitor data that has an option to limit the app to wi-fi only : save money on your mobile bill - avoid costly overage fees ! onavo count puts you in control of your 3g data plan . easy setup , three brand new widgets , tailored alerts and automatic blocking tools will keep you safe from bloated data bills .
avast ! mobile security has , in addition to multiple layers of protection , a firewall module that allows individual control of each application with toggling of wi-fi/data/roaming access . onavo also works great as mentioned but does not have the other features that avast has .
as your original question still is not answered and i wondered the same , here 's the answer . short answer : no , without root it is not possible to run an smb server using the default ports so that it is found by windows pcs . long answer : smb either runs on ports 137-139 ( udp and tcp ) using netbios or on newer systems ( from windows vista onwards ) directly on tcp port 445 where in the latter case computer names are resolved by the llmnr ( link-local multicast name resolution ) protocol which runs on udp port 5355 . why is this important ? apps not running as root can not bind to unprivileged ports ( &lt ; 1024 ) . it is possible to use alternative ports for smb but windows is hard-wired to just listen to the default ones . so i guess if you use linux or a separate smb client for windows which allows to connect to a server with a custom port number it is probably possible . but it is not really a straight-forward way .
droid nas works well enough . pretty sure that is an smb server ?
alternatively , you could run a ftp server on your phone to get access to your sd card 's content . check out swiftp .
i may be misunderstanding but it sounds like you need an smb client , not a server . also , you do not need root access . to use smb to tranfer files to you computer you can use astro file manager with the smb addon , or there is file expert which is also free . you could also use webdav instead of smb with an app like websharing . in the past i used an app that with client software on my computer allowed me to transfer files through the file explorer from anywhere through the web . it was not a full vnc app . i got a new phone and now for the life of me i can not find the app .
the issue is not he samba server , but the fact that windows can access a samba share only on port 445 , and on a non-rooted android a normal app can not listen on port 445 . but you can overcome this with some tcp port-mapping : install a samba server on your android , and make it listen on a port like 7777 install a tcp port-forwarding software somewhere ( i installed it on a virtualpc ) setup the portmapping software to listen for connections on port 445 , and forward the connections to your android on port 7777 now you can access the shared folder on this virtualpc , and you will get the data from the samba server installed on android ( trough the portmapping ) i have described all the steps in detail here on my blog http://techforpassion.blogspot.it/2013/12/android-how-to-share-folder-over-wifi.html i have tried different samba server , and the only free app that works in this configuration is called samba server
while it may not be possible to run an smb server without root , it is possible to run a webdav server without root for a similar effect . setting up an android webdav server on my stock nexus 7 , i installed webdav server , opened it , clicked on the start button and was immediately able to see my /storage/sdcard folder in my web browser at the url displayed by the application , i.e. http://192.168.x.y:8080 note that with webdav , you also have the option of selecting root ( / ) or dcim as well as sdcard as the webdav root . using the webdav server through windows explorer i then mapped http://192.168.x.y:8080 as a network drive in windows explorer and could the access the contents of my storage drive , just as if i was connected via mtp , but through a drive letter . sadly , this solution is incredibly slow . every directory change takes between 6 and 20 seconds , as does accessing most files . once a file is accessed though , it transfers at a reasonable speed ( copying a single 42mb file in windows explorer took around 60 seconds , so 700kb/s ) . thus webdav via windows explorer is ok for downloading a few large files whose location you know , but browsing or syncing a whole device this way is not quick . i synced 1.75gb of data in around 6000 files and 400 directories and it took 10 hours , i.e. around 50kb/s or 10 files/dirs per minute on average . using the webdav server through windows command line even from the command line , each directory listing takes 5-6 seconds , as does any file access . copying the same 42mb file from the command line took around 20 seconds , so around 2.1mb/s . using the webdav server through a web browser the fastest option for webdav is to use your web browser though , directly through the url given . changing directory rarely takes more than a second and downloading the same 42mb file from the command line took around 12 seconds , so around 3.6mb/s . the downside of using the web browser is that it only shows the date ( no size or type ) and makes no distinction between files and directories so if a file does not have an extension ( or a directory does ) then it may not be obvious if clicking on a link will take you to another web page ( for a directory ) or start a download ( for a file ) . caveats by default , windows limits the size of webdav downloads to 50000000 bytes ( 47.6mb ) , though this can be changed through a registry hack ( FileSizeLimitInBytes in HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SYSTEM\CurrentControlSet\Services\WebClient\Parameters ) if you know what you are doing . webdav access is not secure . even if you set a password on the webdav share , the connection is still http not https , so it is not encrypted . only use webdav on a secure wifi network and certainly do not enable the webdav server while you are in an internet cafe or other unsecured wifi .
i completely forgot about the adb_usb . ini file in the \USER_NAME\.android folder . added 0x0C2E to the bottom , restarted adb and all is good . so , full instructions : get device hardware ids from device manager in the form of USB\VID_1234&amp;PID_5678&amp;MI_90 enable driver : open file \android-sdks\extras\google\usb_driver\android_winusb.inf add under both [Google.NTx86] [Google.NTamd64]  save and close . installing drive : find device in device manager and update driver . choose browse let me pick have disk browse select \android-sdks\extras\google\usb_driver\android_winusb.inf ok choose Android Composite ADB Inerface next accept unsigned warning if shown . for windows 8 you may need to enable the installation of unsigned drivers , just google it . update adb : open file \USE_NAME\.android\adb_usb.ini add to the bottom 0x1234 ( this is the vid part with the 0x identifying it as hexadecimal ) save and close restart the adb by either eclipse : show the Devices view click the facing down triangle in the top right corner of the view click reset adb command prompt : open command prompt cd to your \android-sdks\platform-tools\ folder run adb kill-server run adb start-server all done .
hold the Pwr &amp; Vol- 60 seconds . release , press and hold power button for up to 10 seconds . release . if this does not work , it is fairly easy to remove the back cover and detatch the battery .
the solution is to buy a galaxy tab . my nexus is dead . asus not even accepts it to make a diagnostic . the " global " warranty is not valid in brazil . by a better quality product from a company that respect their users .
if you are rooted i think the answer of narayanan said it all ; just copy a japanese font to the system\fonts folder however , if you are unrooted you can install a file explorer app that includes a japanese font . i did a quick google search and the following file explorers ( say that they ) support japanese : astro file manager es file explorer andexplorer i am not entirely sure if this solves your problem opening the files . you might need to install viewer programs with japanese support as well . btw , are you sure you have android 4.1 ? i remember reading that jelly bean has ( improved ) native japanese support .
i do not think that this is a font issue . applications do not need to be able to display the characters to handle files using those characters . moreover , droid sans do support japanese characters . in my stock galaxy nexus ( not a japanese phone ) , japanese file names are handled and displayed fine using oi file manager and es file explorer . file names in linux and unix filesystems ( e . g . ext2/ext3/ext4 ) are just sequence of bytes because the linux kernel is encoding-transparent , i.e. the kernel does not care about filename encoding . filename encoding is considered an application-level issue . in contrast , java file api ( and , therefore android 's java file api ) is encoding-aware and will attempt to decode file names according to system default encoding . the system default encoding in android is utf-8 . the situation is different if the files are stored in an sd card that is formatted using windows filesystems , e.g. vfat or ntfs . these filesystems specifies a certain on-disk encoding for file names . applications that directly handle files coming from another system , such as file transfer programs ( ftp , etc ) and decompression programs ( tar , zip , etc ) are supposed to translate file names from the remote systems or inside archives to the local system 's default encoding . however , this is not enforced by the kernel , so it is possible for poorly written ( native ) application to produce files with filename encoding that does not match system 's default encoding . my guess is that you have file names that are not encoded in utf-8 , and the java file api were not able to decode these filenames . try to rename and reencode the file names or use a file transfer program that knows how to translate the filenames to the system encoding .
you will need to install a japanese font onto your device . to do this , you would have to be rooted . another workaround : see if you can change the system language to japanese . you may be able to download an app from google play that will automatically install the font onto your device .
i should have identified that this problem only occurs when mounting the media remotely using cifsmanager . better late than never , i suppose . the solution is to pass a parameter using the options field : iocharset=utf8 . the parameter tells the cifs module to use utf8 as the character set when it mounts the samba share . this may become unnecessary in the future , as it would make sense to have this set by default in the first place .
you are facing this issue because ( as @liamwli said ) you lack the required font and also possibly because of lack of sufficient libraries in your present rom . due to this reason , it is unable to display the file name properly and as a ramification of this issue , different apps behave differently based on how the developer handled this situation . what can be done ? this depends on few factors : if your phone is rooted , extract DroidSansFallBack.ttf from /system/fonts folder to your computer and examine whether it has the required characters in japanese . i assume you can read japanese . this is to ensure the first part of the reason explained in " why " section . if you do not have japanese character displayed , please try finding a suitable truetype font ( ttf ) which displays japanese characters in pc . copy this file to the above said folder with DroidSansFallBack.ttf , replacing the existing file ( after backup ) . after a reboot you may be able to see characters properly . then the apps might be able to open the file . in case if you are still unable to open such files , please revert back the backed up ttf file .
yes , the samsung tab 3 8.0 and others . the samsung galaxy s iii phones got this feature quite a while before it was part of the feature set of the samsung tablets . other samsung tablets like the note also appear to have this feature now , as do later versions of the galaxy phone . i still have not come across any other manufacturer who includes this accessibility feature with their android tablet range . ( for any users who need high contrast to read or have a light sensitivity problem , this feature is a life saver )
in ics , if you use the favorites tab in the people app , then it will behave like you mentioned ; however if you use the favorites tab in the phone app , then it will directly call the number you set as default number for the contact .
i use mixzing music player . i have set it as default player for music and when i click a mp3 file link in browser , it opens the file in mixzing by default and streaming works well . it plays the mp3 file in background when you press the back button . this is an alternate solution . i do not thing it is possible to play the mp3 links in background in android 's default music player .
i have run into the same issue . i usually long-press on the link and choose Save Link to save the mp3 file to my phone , then i just play it in my media app of choice .
slashgear has an article with a set of pictures showing the internals of the archos 7 , slashgear : archos 7 home tablet clears fcc picture 6 on this page has the wifi module and antenna labelled , unfortunately as i do not have one i can not quite work out the orientation of the parts in that picture as to how they relate to the full device , you might be able to . there are also a number of videos on youtube and elsewhere on the web of it being taken to pieces by owners where you can see the internals , search for something like " archos 7 disassembled " to find them .
i used to have this problem a lot on my droid . i believe it has something to do with the headphones and how some music apps react to you plugging them in/out . my solution ? i use tasker to make two profiles : not headset plugged music stop media volume 0 headset plugged music stop media volume 5 the volume is not necessary ( just so i do not blare loud music into my ears when i put in my ear buds or sets it 0 if i unplug my headphones and it somehow is still playing ) . so in other words every time i plug in or out my headphones , it stops all music . since i have done this , i have had no more problems .
there was a notable bug in earlier versions of android ( i can vouch that it exists in 2.1 ) that music would play out of the loudspeakers at random times or just after you had unplugged your earphones . i used headset blocker widget , after someone recommended it and have never encountered the above-mentioned scenario of random playing or music playing once i have unplugged my earphones .
some android phones , like the nexus one , have special contacts that tell the os when the phone has been docked . the desire actually does not have these so can not automatically detect that it has been docked . car home can still be launched manually . another option is to look at an app like tasker . you could configure car home to be launched when certain conditions are met , like the phone is on charge and in a vertical position ( so docked ) . there are many other ways you could use tasker for this .
typically , the phone knows whether it has been docked by the placement of a magnet on a certain area on the back of the phone . you can therefore create your own cheap dock using a magnet and some sort of stand . here is an example with the droid .
install some task killer ( i use advanced task killer ) , change its settings to see low level/system processes too and see the loads of processes running in background . terminate the unnecessary ones , if required .
you can download and install the app betterbatterystats from xda : betterbatterystats - http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1179809 from the app you can see the partial wakelocks and whats the program that use most of them . after using this program and found the app that causes the battery drain , you can uninstall and then re install it or freeze it .
if you have a nexus one this could help you : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=15057
check native email app . sometimes it starts running and never stops , eating the battery to the end . i do not know how to solve it , so i keep checking and killing it when it starts to behave like this .
i believe they are stored with the launcher data , since these icons/shortcuts and their order is launcher-specific .
app specific settings are usually stored in the internal storage folder accessible only to that app . while apps do have the ability to write to external storage and lose access to that data when you mount it , i doubt that is the case here . when you install and move an app to the sd card , you are not moving the entire app . some core content of the app still stays on the internal storage . however , moving an app to the external storage has some interesting side effects . the app is completely disabled when you connect your device to the computer , on pre honeycomb devices . android 3.0 onwards , the usb storage was switched to mtp , which allows the device and the computer to access the storage simultaneously . in your case , when you connect to the computer , the apps on the sd card are disabled , causing them to disappear temporarily . as for them not reappearing when you disconnect and restart your phone suggests that there is a bug in the launcher you are using . try using a different third party launcher instead .
as we checked out on chat , the file was not ( as originally expected ) some compressed xml in any known format -- so there seems to be no easy way to read the contents of that file . which leaves you with a few options : re-flash the stock image to your device , import the backup , then use a good backup app like sms backup and restore to back up your sms . after that , flash back your current rom , and import with the same app . this should always work ( and did in the op 's case ) , but means a bit of effort as one has to flash the device at least two more times ( to stock , and back to current ) . before doing this , consider making a backup if you already put some customization/configuration work into your current rom . similar : use an android emulator ( the one from the sdk , or jar of beans ) , load the same android version you had on your device before , import the backup , and use one of the mentioned apps to export it from the emulator , as well as to import it on your device . note : this might only work for " plain vanilla android " , as the emulator will most likely not support device-specific ( or manufactur-specific ) stuff . unless there is an emulator around supporting device-specific images , of course . in the op 's case it did not work , as the app in question was bound to htc 's sense stuff . unfortunately we have been unable to determine the file format used . for completeness , one other thing we tried : if a complete nandroid backup is available , the sms database can be found in /data/data/com.android.providers.telephony/databases/mmssms.db and explored using any sqlite frontend ( recommendation for a graphical one : sqliteman ) . unfortunately , in this case the database was empty due to the wipe occuring when unlocking the device .
user poo-tang provided an answer in the xda forums : xperia play games do not work this way so will not be interchangeable . these new games are hid ( native android built in virtual controller/mouse ) supported ( only available on android 3.1 and up ) xperia play uses sony framework only . the games are coded for one or another ( sometimes both if developer has added support for both )
it is a problem on your rom . i also had that issue , until the rom dev fixed the sdcard mount points . it is because your sdcard has two symlinks ( usually @ /mnt/sdcard and /storage or whatever ) so your phone thinks that you have 2 sdcards . you can solve this by excluding one of the mounts like i do on mxplayer before it was fixed . you should inform your rom dev about this issue so he can fix it .
the " linkification " is actually handled by the sms application on the device , not by anything within the message . if their device is not changing it to a link , then the device is not parsing the links correctly for all top level domains . there is nothing you can do about it really . the only thing that i could think of around this is to use some link shorter that will show as a clickable link and send those , but that is a lot more work because now you need to generate the shortened link first .
you describe the options displayed with a word highlighted including " share " . behind this item hides an entire menu , the so-called " share menu " , where many apps plug themselves in as receivers for compatible content . a highlighted word might serve as such content for several things -- e.g. a web search ( so google search could pick it ) , send by mail/sms , or -- the interesting part here -- some dictionary/translator app . while i would suspect google search could cover that as well , i want to give you another interesting idea : colordict dictionary wikipedia is an app that can be used for online and offline " word lookup " in dictionaries , be it translation , synonyms , or definitions . the app supports a bunch of dictionaries for offline use , as well as several online dictionaries and , the name suggests it , wikipedia . if it integrates with the " share menu " ( which i guess it does ) , this would make the perfect candidate for you : colordict ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants )
dd is a block-based copy tool -- it does not care what data it covers . adb backup is rather file-based , which is something completely different . as you have tagged your question backup , you might follow that tag to its tag-wiki , which gives you some insight into available backup methods . you will quickly see the one coming closest to dd being nandroid , which copies entire partitions . though you cannot restrict it in the way you can with dd , you could still take its resulting files , copy them to your linux computer , and use dd to work on them . one tool not mentioned in this tag-wiki is dd itself . you could check with a terminal editor whether it is present on your device -- chances are good : i just checked with one of my extracted nandroid backups , and found dd as a symlink in /system/bin , being a symlink to /system/toolbox . if you cannot find it , but your device is rooted ( which i assume , as otherwise dd would not make much sense ) , you could look for a busybox which brings it along .
you could also check just that does much more than changing volume , plus it has an easy to use interface .
a free alternative to tasker and locale is automateit from muzikant .
i would suggest you try llama . why because its free and its awesome . it can not only handle ring volume but wifi , mobile data , run apps and many more . the best thing is it works with cell mesh , so you do not have to keep gps on .
i would recommend checking out locale , it is meant for this kind of automation . or tasker could work too , and it has a 7-day free trial on the manufacturer 's page .
let 's talk about sets , baby android 's backup service has a concept called a set : the set of all data backed-up from one device ( on one transport , but that is a detail ) . each set is identified by a unique string , such as the imei on the device . when an app ( or the list of installed apps ) is backed up , its backup data go into the set associated with the device it is being backed up from . all the sets are still specific to the user 's google account . if you wipe your device and sell it to someone else , he will not be able to access that device 's set unless he can log into your google account . default behaviour when an app is installed , or a device has its list of apps restored , the backup system first looks in that device 's set for backup data for that package . if it does not find any ( either because it is a completely new device with no backed-up data , or because that package has never been installed on that device ) , it'll expand the search to other sets . ( if there is a choice , it'll use the last set that was used for a full-device restore . ) thus , when you set up a new device , it'll restore the list of apps from an old device 's backup , and restore each app from the old device 's backup . if you had an app installed on one device and you install it on another device , the app will be restored with its data from the old device . in either case , the data are now backed up into the new device 's set , which means that the backup data from the two devices are separate from now on . after you factory-reset a device , it'll restore from that device 's last backup if there is one , and failing that , from some other device 's backup if there is one , but it will start to create its own set from then on . that is why nalum 's two devices do not see each others ' backed-up apps : they are each restoring from their own last backups . source this mechanism does not have any user-facing documentation , since it is supposed to automatically do the right thing , but the code is available . bmgr: basic use as izzy found , the bmgr tool gives you some control over this process . it is intended as an aid for programmers to help test and debug the backup integration in their apps . you can use this tool in an adb shell to trigger backups and restores of chosen packages , wipe packages ' backed-up data , and even a whole-device restore . do not try to use it in an on-device shell except as root : you need the system-level android.permission.BACKUP to do anything interesting with it . you can make an app update its backed-up data immediately : bmgr backup com.shadowburst.showr bmgr run  ( or whatever the app 's package name is ) . there is not normally any need to do this , as apps request their own backups whenever their data changes , but this lets you work around a badly-written app . to restore one package from the backed-up data it would choose by default : bmgr restore com.shadowburst.showr  but again , this will only do what the device would do on its own , so you should not need to use it . note also that the device already needs to be installed to make this work . more control now for the stuff that the backup system will not do on its on . to see what sets of backed-up data are available : bmgr list sets  and you will get some output like this :  3ff7800e963f25c5 : manta 3f0e5c90a412cca7 : manta 3dd65924a70e14c8 : TF101 3baa67e9ce029355 : m0  the 64-bit hex number on the left is a token . you will need this in a minute . the thing on the right is a ( relatively ) friendly name for the device that owns the set . for example , manta is the code name for the nexus-10 ; tf-101 refers to the original asus-eee-pad-transformer . once you have figured out which set you want , you can restore an app from that set using its token : bmgr restore 3ff7800e963f25c5 com.shadowburst.showr  you can add more package names to the end of the command to restore several packages at once , or you can specify no package name ( just the token ) to restore every app with data in that set ( that is , it does a full-system restore ) . finally , you can wipe an app 's data from the current set : bmgr wipe com.shadowburst.showr  this will make its next backup operation start from scratch . this might be useful after uninstalling an app , if an error in the app corrupted its backup data and you do not want it restored . you can not make a device start writing into a different set , nor can you wipe a whole set .
the following is by far no answer to the question , but might shed some light on some details : some pieces extracted from the backup api though the api is mainly targeted at developers , there are a few facts we might be able to extract for our case . in the following list , italics mark quotes from the api documentation . android automatically performs a restore operation when your application is installed and there exists backup data associated with the user . &rarr ; this can mean two things : if an app supports the google backup api , and the user has the google backup enabled , available backup-data will automatically be restored on installation . good thing when you install an app used on a single device to a second device for the first time . backups are only associated with the google account , not with the device ( and there exists backup data associated with the user ) -- or the other fact was just ignored as irrelevant for this special case ( "app is installed" ) the backup transport is the client-side component of android 's backup framework , which is customizable by the device manufacturer and service provider . the backup transport may differ from device to device [ . . . ] &rarr ; this might explain the unreliability when it comes to different devices ( or different android versions ) . ( emphasis mine ) data backup is not guaranteed to be available on all android-powered devices . ( no comment ) google provides a backup transport with android backup service for most android-powered devices running android 2.2 or greater . &rarr ; here we have the minumum android version required for google backup being available at all : froyo , aka android 2.2 to get your backup service key , register for android backup service . [ . . . ] &rarr ; each app must have its own key . there is no " why " described , but a good guess : to isolate the backups so no app can read backups of another app ( wrong key ; as for backups of another user : wrong account ) while developing your application , you can initiate an immediate backup operation from the backup manager with the bmgr tool . &rarr ; looks like there is a way to manually trigger backups ? let 's dig into that later . &darr ; when it is time to restore your application data , the backup manager calls your backup agent 's onRestore() method . &rarr ; this again underlines the first item of this list : first the app must be installed , then their own implementations are used to restore its data . on a second look : if the app-restore fails , there wont be a data-restore for the failed apps -- until you manually install them via google play . then , as the first item showed , data should automatically be restored via google backup under the explained conditions ( must have been backed up with it , same account , etc . ) backing up other files &rarr ; forgive me not quoting from the ( technical ) contents of that chapter , but in short : only files from internal storage can be backed up according to it . some pieces extracted from the bmgr api it provides commands to induce backup and restore operations [ . . . ] &rarr ; looks like here 's a way how to trigger actions manually if the " automatism " fails these commands are accessed via the adb shell . &rarr ; this does not need any explanation : ) adb shell bmgr backup &lt;package&gt; &rarr ; ok , so this action is bound to apps . guess if you know the data provider 's package name , this should work as well ( e . g . com.android.providers.settings for the system settings , or com.android.providers.telephony for sms/mms etc ? ) you can force all pending backup operations to run immediately by using the bmgr run command &rarr ; the first command just " schedules " backups . having triggered all packages , this can be used to immediately execute them . adb shell bmgr restore &lt;package&gt; &rarr ; this looks to nice to be true , right ? exactly , because : the backup manager will immediately instantiate the application 's backup agent and invoke it for restore . data only , as the app already needs to be there ( as its routines are called ) . so in short : bmgr can be used to trigger backups for apps supporting google backup , which you have installed -- and it can trigger data restore for the same . it can not be used to trigger a complete restore -- at least that is not documented here .
i backed stuff up using both built-in google backup and helium backup before i wiped and installed carbon custom rom on a nexus 4 ( from kitkat stock ) . expected google to restore apps , settings etc . as it has done before when i have restored this phone but no joy . tried helium as well , also no joy , even with manual ' pc download ' restores - said ' restored ' but wifi and app data still not there . running bmgr restore &lt;xxx&gt; full restore and bmgr run as detailed above triggered the full google restore and worked a treat - lifesaver for me ! google could make a better effort , especially if they want to compete with the apple ' just works ' idea . . . still i do love the hackability of android despite its pitfalls !
my experience with it has been that each device has it is own backup . i get this from messing around with my nexus 7 and my galaxy s ii . other than that i do not know . apps : my nexus 7 has these apps caustic , dc comics and 20 minute meals that upon factory reset of my galaxy s ii are not installed on the galaxy s ii . my galaxy s ii has theses apps drivedroid and human japanese that upon factory reset of my nexus 7 are not installed on the nexus 7 . the apps are compatible with both devices , so incompatibility cannot be the reason for them to not be installed on the respective other device . data : as for wifi and other data i am unsure as each time i have set up the wifi on each device during the initial android setup . as to other google accounts that you may have they do not seem to be copied to each device and the same has been true of skype and github accounts on each device .
google maps was developed to be used when connected to the network so i do not believe there is a possibility to make it cache a complete area . you should then take a look for an alternative mapping application that supports offline mode . for instance , the osmand application might do everything you are looking for .
this will not answer your question for google maps , specifically , but have you tried using an offline map application such as mapdroyd ? would that suit your needs ? you download the entire map beforehand and therefore would not have to use your data to view the map .
since you asked this question , google has added a " pre-cache map area " feature to google maps 's experimental labs features . you first have to go into settings > labs and enable " pre-cache map area " , then visit a place page ( either by clicking on a poi or long-pressing somewhere on the map ) , look at the list of " more options " , and click " pre-cache map area " . it will cache the area within 10 miles of the point and keep it cached for 30 days . depending on the size of your city , you might have to cache a few different points to get the coverage you want . here 's more from the google blog : http://googleblog.blogspot.com/2011/07/download-map-area-added-to-labs-in.html
if you go into /system/media/audio/ui , you can delete/rename LowBattery.ogg to remove the low battery sound . this will work as long as it is using the system low battery sound as an alert . i do not know anything about audio manager , or whether this is even possible , but it may be using its own sound , in which case this would not work . this requires : a rooted device a superuser enabled file browser/terminal emulator /system to be mounted in read/write mode
go to " messages " , click on the menu button , choose " settings " . then you can choose whether to vibrate or not in the " notifications " .
you have several options that have varying degrees of difficulty and effectiveness ( depending on what you are ultimately trying to do of course ) : develop your own custom rom that only includes only the apps and functions that you want . root the device , and then remove system apps that you do not want . for an unrooted device , you can download one of the numerous apps that hide and lock apps like ilock . i suppose this would be useful theoretically if you had a device that wanted to implement in a business where you were letting your customers or sales people use if for a very specific function and did not want them messing around with anything beyond that . i had a 4th option to share but i forgot it as i was typing the other three . i will update as soon as i remember it .
you can modify system image . pre-installed applications are located at /system/app/ folder . you can add new application to this folder or remove pre-existing applications from that folder . applications from this folder are not removable ( if device is not rooted ) . as a fast example for customizing android emulator : go to android sdk folder , . . . /platforms/android-9/images/ note system . img file , it will be modified ( you should back it up ) extract system . img using unyaffs customize files inside extracted folder pack new modified system using mkyaffs2image ( this tool is built when android source is built ) . replace old system . img with new customized system . img create emulator for android 2.3 , launch it and verify that your changes took effect . this mostly an overview of process , and customization of a real device is much trickier .
check to see if there is a . nomedia file in the folder . it could be what is causing the files to not display . a work around would be to install quickpic for the play store , it allows you to show hidden files on the device .
the first solution that springs to me is to install tasker ( it is paid app , and quite cheap , but it is worth every cent ) . setup task that copies the last picture that was created into your sms folder back to your dcim ( camera folder ) folder . there are probably other solutions as well . if you cannot get the hang of tasker , i will be more specific when i have more time .
with later updates to the system , it seems that the issue has resolved itself .
you have not specified the android os version nor the gmail app version , but since the settings are pretty much straightforward , i will leave here an overview covering the basics for all available versions . summary three things might be happening : you are receiving notifications for each email that arrives ; you have the " notify once " active and are receiving notifications for the email that arrived , but also for a label you have setup to notify ; you are receiving notifications from the gmail app , and from another app where you have also configured the same account . below is a summary for the gmail app settings by version . try and adjust them to fit your needs . if you continue to experience the same issue , you are probably facing a bug and the best option is to report it . android 4.0 . x ( ice cream sandwich ) to change gmail settings , touch " menu " > " settings " from any gmail screen . under " account settings " , you will find : email notifications : when checked , you receive a notification when you have new email . ringtone : available when " email notifications " is selected . touch to change any of three settings : the ringtone and vibrate settings for notifications , and an option to notify only the first time you have new email since you last read your messages , rather than each time a new message arrives . official gmail app support page by google for this android version . android 3.0 . x ( honeycomb ) to change gmail settings , touch the menu button at the top-right of the application bar and touch settings . under " account settings " , you will find : email notifications when checked , you receive a notification when you have new email . notify once check to receive a notification from gmail only the first time you have new email since you last read your messages , rather than each time a new message arrives . official gmail app support page by google for this android version . android 2.3 . x ( gingerbread ) to access the gmail app 's account settings menu : open gmail . press menu . select more > settings > select account under " notification settings " , you will find : email notifications when checked , you will receive a notification when you have new email . labels to notify manage your notification preferences by label . you can only manage notification settings by label for labels that are synced . you can enable notifications for specific labels , each means additional notifications when emails arrive : when you enable sync for a particular label , you can also change your notification preferences so that you are notified when you receive new mail for that label . press menu and touch more > settings . select the gmail account whose settings you had like to modify . touch labels to notify . select a labels to change the notification preferences . you can modify the following settings : email notifications ringtone vibrate notify once only labels that have been set to sync will appear in the notifications menu . official gmail app support page by google for this android version .
yes , restoring from backup ( like with titanium backup ) will restore all conversations . app settings will be restored as well , so blocked contacts should stay blocked .
there are different approaches to app2sd , which are briefly explained in our app2sd tag-wiki . the app2sd built-in to android only moves parts of the app to sdcard , while other parts ( e . g . the app 's data and its dalvik cache ) remain on internal storage . how much ( or what percentage ) gets moved varies from app to app  which is what you experience in the described case . moreover , an app needs to explicitly support this mechanism . there are different other approaches pre-installed with some custom roms ( such as app2sd+ ) , or separately installable on rooted devices ( such as link2sd or data2sd ) trying to fill this gap ; to completely move an app out of internal storage , one often has to use combinations of at least two of those tools . please see the linked tag-wiki for closer details .
its shows that your phone is in extended standby mode . you can find it in Settings-&gt;PowerManagemnet extended standby mode increases the standby time by reducing the background activities when the phone is in standby mode . data will automatically be turned off and background activities will be stopped from waking up , while applications will also be prevented from syncing data . you will still be able to receive calls and texts , while the calendar application and alarms will still feature normally . as soon as you unlock your smartphone it'll go returning to functioning normally . any ongoing downloads or bluetooth transfer will be allowed to complete and once completed data will be turned off . extended standby mode is replaced with stamina mode for xperia running on jellybean or higher source : sony
this is battery stamina mode . with sonys power management setting called battery stamina mode , you can extend the standby time of your xperia device by more than four times . with battery stamina mode turned on , the background activities of most applications are reduced when you turn off the screen .
i just can add to this , that vml is supported only by microsoft products ( and they will support svg in ie9 ) , and as you know there is no microsoft internet explorer ( or any microsoft browser ) for android : ) vml is still supported in internet explorer 9 but microsoft expects web sites to transition to svg in near future .
currently , i have only seen two browsers on the android platform that display svg . the opera mini browser displays static svg . it seems to run scripting for a very short period of time , but does not run it continuously . it also does not appear to run smil animations . the fennec ( firefox mobile ) beta browser also displays static svg , as well as running scripting . it is still in beta and relatively huge . it does not run all of my example scripts successfully , but it does run some . i can not test smil animations , because i removed it to free up a large amount of space on my phone .
i use quickpic and it has a rating of 4.7 .
the only app i have got that is able to run . gif files is fast image viewer free .
why do not you try animated gif player ?
navigating to the folder the gif file ( s ) are in with another browser besides the stock android browser works for me . e.g. : if your gifs are in the downloads folder , open firefox , go to address bar , type in : /storage/emulated/0/Download ( it may auto-complete for you ) . you should get a basic Index of: ... page from which you can click on the name of the gif . tested with firefox 21.0 and chrome 27.0.1453.90 on a nexus 4 . both browsers accepted /storage/emulated/0/Downloads , but chrome gave an access denied error on the shorter path /storage/emulated/0 . i recommend making a bookmark of the page , for easier access in future .
you can view them in firefox by typing in the gif folders destination . file:///mnt/sdcard/(name of gif folder)/ it'll bring up the items in that folder as a list . bookmark the page and store all your gifs in that folder . firefox is the fastest gif player ( that i know of ) .
the android browser will , but the image would have to be online somewhere . there is no way that i have found to open a local file in the browser . i suppose you could create an html file with the image and view it that way , but it seems a lot of hassle for little reward .
a google search shows me a lot of people have this question . . . looks like it is still an issue . although one post here says image viewer ( with animation ) v1.0 from androlib . com helped ( i have not tried it ) .
navigate to the location where the gif files are in astro and open using astro file manager . tried on jelly beans .
this is how i got it working : i registered a new account through my mobile phone ( htc desire hd , during phone setup ) . i got an email from htc sense with a link in it to confirm my account clicking the link open a page to htc sense , and tries to complete the registration and log you to your account page , but in my case it kept hanging while in the confirmation page , i clicked on login again and were able to log in even though registration was still ongoing . apparently the acocunt gets registered even though the page hangs .
i would start with the latest clockworkmod recovery and then the latest build of cyanogenmod 7.1 .
my recommendation , and the rom i am running is phiremod i can definitely confirm it is gingerbread , based on cyanogenmod 7 and built specifically for the nook color .
if you need to unlock the bootloader first ( i could not find that in the instructions ; you might check the script for the term oem unlock , usually done via fastboot ) , this includes a factory-reset , which would mean " all clean up delete " , i.e. all data and your self-installed apps would be gone . otherwise , if no bootloader-unlock is involved , the rooting process itself would usually not delete anything .
i installed contact sync and exported all my contact data and groups to a single . vcf file , afterwards i mailed it to my mail account and then downloaded it on my new phone and there imported it with the same app which i used for the export . this did the trick for me .
just a few steps : open the contacts app on the wildfire tap the menu button , select to " export " your contacts to sdcard . this will result in a 00001.vcf file on your sdcard . now use any way you like to get the exported file to the optimus : mail/gmail it to your account send it via bluetooth copy to your computer , and then to the new device 's internal sdcard . . . on the optimus , open the contacts app as above , use the export/import feature to import the .vcf file if in step 3 you chose to mail/gmail the .vcf file , you most likely will be able to open it directly from the attachment , which should cause it to be offered for import into your contacts app ( i never tried that variant , so i am not sure about it ) .
the simplest way would be exporting all contacts to google account and then sync it in a new device .
the kindle fire will function as it normally would , but you cannot use the video on demand service while you are rooted . the amazon appstore functions fine even if you are rooted . you can revert to the " original functionality " with the " unroot " button provided by superoneclick . nobody knows this but amazon . honeycomb was not open-sourced when the fire was being developed , and amazon forked the android open source code to create the kindle fire 's codebase . thus , the fire was built using the newest available source at the time of development - gingerbread . i rooted my kindle fire ~30 minutes after i got it , largely because i wanted access to the market but also to ease any development i do with it . everything works like normal except vod ( as noted above ) .
i believe the main reason that most companies will not sell prerooted , is because rooting allows you to do things that could potentially be harmful to your hardware , such as overclocking your cpu , amping up your camera 's light to levels it is not intended to for a high powered flashlight , etc . they do not want to be liable for any damage that may occur from people running potentially hardware damaging programs on their devices . that being said , there is a number of phones out there that make rooting almost trivial . for example , the google nexus phones and the htc one developer edition already have unlocked bootloaders ( and are carrier unlocked for that matter ! ) which makes flashing a superuser app onto them very easy .
www.xtreamer.net they sell out of the box rooted phones . i am sure there are some other manufacturers who sell these but i would recommend buying a ' decent ' phone and rooting it afterwards .
cyanogenmod oppo n1 is pre-rooted and comes with cm . http://www.cyanogenmod.org/hardware/oppo-n1/
i finally found the solution . yes adb of beaglebone is rooted but there is not a su binary . so i was not able to execute this code within my app : process proc = runtime . getruntime ( ) . exec ( "su mount -t vfat -o rw /dev/block/sd* /storage/usb1" ) ; but i finally find a program to root beaglebone black and install a valid su binary . you can download it here : http://www.unlockroot.com/unlockroot.html but be careful ! it installs bunch of unwanted programs to your computer too . once you install the program , connect your beaglebone via usb . first you need to unroot beaglebone . so open the program , you downloaded , and click unroot . it will take a couple of minutes . then restart your beaglebone and click root from program . then restart your beaglebone again . and voila :d you have 100% rooted beaglebone with a valid su binary . you can mount and unmount usb storages and copy files within your application . but you should do it like that :
yeah , that happens to me with my galaxy ace . i had to download samsung kies . i just run kies and then works great as usb storage ( you do not need to use kies , only run it ) .
what are you putting in for the package name that it does not like ? beginner mode vs non-beginner mode should not matter . package name has to have at least one . in it to be valid . usually you can just use your email backwards along with a unique name for the app . say your email is someone@gmail . com and you are trying to export an app you want to call myapp . the package name could be com . gmail . someone . myapp .
if you are in the us you can create get a google voice number and place callers into groups . a group can have a customized announcement and do not disturb . gv is free and you can have gv ring multiple phones such as home , office and cellphone . if you install groove you can have it first and ring your gv number and directly or indirectly other phones . if someone sends an sms message to your gv number or your direct . to ( groove ) number it will send you an email message .
if you unlock your gsm smartphone , you can use it in the us without a data plan . i have a smartphone unlocked from at and t ( not android ) now on tmobile with data blocked , so even if a button gets hit accidentally , it will not go through . no extra charges . even if your company " detects " that you have a smartphone , they are not allowed to force you to buy a data plan unless you are getting a new phone from them .
yes . you will use it as a regular phone , but will be disconnected from the networks ( facebook , twitter , ims , sync , etc ) yes . you can access your calendar offline . and yes , you can sync when wi-fi is available . yes , you just disable data traffic .
while its physically possible to use a phone without a data plan i do not know a single carrier in the us that will allow a smart phone be activated on their network without a data plan . edit : just saw that you are not in the us so this may not apply to you .
after enabling the USB Debugging option , superoneclick can be used to root both samsung galaxy player 4.0 and 5.0 handsets . download the latest version from here , and the walkthrough is here . in terms of updated os versions , your best bet is custom roms that can be found on various forums like xda-developers .
this is going to take some work and some intense reading . check out this xda dev forum the fastest way to root samsung devices ( imho ) is superoneclick .
no it will not be . the person will simply be shown the message " you have been removed from this group "
there are two options from my point of view : buy a cheap replacement from ebay ( search for ' ba-s410 htc battery ' , the nexus one also has the same battery ) leave it ' charging ' , maybe it revives on its own background : liion batteries need a safety circuit because they must stay within certain charging levels ( not under nor overcharged ) . if that circuit detects undercharge it may just think it is dead and prevent further charging for safety reasons .
how long have you left it charging for ? if it has not been long ( a couple of minutes then your phone is probably fine ) . connect the phone to the mains and leave it plugged in ( do not try to turn it on ) for about 15 or 20 minutes . it should start up then .
you can install cyanogenmod or any number of custom roms , but it sounds like you will need to develop a specific rom for your situation . if you only want the user to run a single app , i would imagine you had have to develop an app that declares itself as a home screen/launcher , and have your rom only include that app as the main launcher . this is basically how barnes and noble made the nook simple touch . their own launcher is very limited and does not let you install apps or see anything that looks like android . as soon as you get root via an exploit , you can easily install your own launcher that gives you access to the standard android interface and turns the nook simple touch into a fully fledged ( if limited ) tablet . a specific implementation is outside the focus of this stackexchange site , but you can get programming advice at stackoverflow . com
seems that facebook messenger has updated overnight , and i do not notice this issue anymore . sorry for jumping the gun !
there are stock firmware images available for download here that can be flashed with the sp flash tool . in terms of creating your own rom ( cwm-based or otherwise ) , that is beyond the scope of this site .
in the gmail app , there is a search icon ( magnifying glass ) that appears in the top right corner when you are within a mailbox . if you are using the stock , general email app ( with the yellow "@" icon ) then i am afraid there is no search function supported .
when i switched over to android i started looking for a three button headset compatible with my phone . i found that there are a couple of brands that do earphones for android but you usually have to use an app to set the functions for button controls . i love good sound in my ears and probably use my earphones 2-5 hours per day . i have tested a couple , i find many of the earphones lack durability and break quite easily . some recommendations below , all with three button control : nocs ns200 - good sounding earphones . comfortable . lacking mids and bass is too impendent . however they broke . three button function works well with button control app . bose mie2i - nice earphones is you are not into in-ear heaphones . comfortable and good sounding . i think they are slightly overpriced . . klipsch s4a ii- really well made earphones . good sound and well balanced . button control work well with app . degauss dual driver , the best pair of earphones i have owned so far . they sound like the equivalent to a couple of shure earphones for 290eur , but only cost 110eur . the button control works well . i downloaded degauss app . i have been using them for a couple of months . i found them in a store in sweden . think you can buy them from degauss labs website . would like to try sabotage royale as well . . maybe this post helps . . .
i use an android specified headset with 3-button for my nexus . works brilliant . not only does it deliver 3-button action , but also very good sound and a really hard hitting bass . anyone enjoying rock or electronica will not stop listening ; - ) the headset is specifically made for android 's lower voltage spec from google and will not work on an iphone ( the way i like it ) . 3-button android spec headset with flat cable sabotage royale from degauss labs webpage : http://www.degausslabs.com edit : 3-button headsets . i hope anyone reading this debate understands there are android hardware spec headsets and iphone hardware spec headsets . they dont change in hardware or technical specifications just because you start using some software app . . ( just make them more programmable ) . so if you are an android user you should use a 3-button android spec headset . a 3-button iphone headset will not work 100% ( up down buttons etc ) and most likely the mic dont do the proper job making whom you speak to hear you bad or " from far away " or " talking in a coke-can " . there are 100 times more iphone spec headset out there , dont ask me why .
summary from my comments , as requested , as an answer : there are plenty of other headset controller apps on the playstore if you are worried about the permissions . i tried jays once , but it only worked partially ( in 9 out of 10 tries , i had no luck to adjust the volume -- instead , other actions were triggered , as e.g. pause/play ) . having a philips headset , i tried philips headset -- and am quite satisfied : volume control , play/pause/skip , accept/refuse/hangup call , all possible smoothly . most of the headset control apps want to make calls . as my device is rooted , i control such things with the lbe app : neither jays nor philips headset abused this privilege . most headset control apps seem to work with most headsets , more or less . as my example with jays and a philips headset shows , some features might not be available/working . but you cannot break anything trying . so i would suggest to give it a try first : if one app does not work out , try another . if none works the way you need it , you still can go for another headset ; having checked some of the control apps , you then already know which companies have a specific app . as said , my philips headset works fine with the philips app -- others reported the same for jays . reading the comments will give you more details and help you finding a good combination .
my initial research is confusing . some say that this kind of commands just are not available on android . one source says that at least one product ( klipsch s4a ( android ) , 50-90 ) actually works as desired when also installing an application from the vendor . as for add-on software to handle the in-cable buttons , headsetbutton controller ( 2,29 , free trial ) seems to do the trick although i really do not understand why it needs to " read data about your contacts stored on your tablet , including the frequency with which you have called , emailed , or communicated in other ways with specific individuals . " with that add-on software , perhaps a cheaper headset could work just as fine ( example ) .
if you are willing to sacrifice volume control feature , pretty much most of the stock headphones that come with android phones will work for you . long press , double press of the button are mere interpretation of software like the music player or the call manager . hence you should get this feature natively or if not it can be supplemented by apps . if volume control is badly needed , then the only option that i can think of is bluetooth stereo headphones like jabra bt3030 , which can do all those you ask for . i am not an audiophile and do not like heavy bass - just saying this because i recently purchased a headphone from lg service centre just for inr200 ( about 3 ) and i am completely satisfied with its cost vs benefit ratio that it offered and of course had all the feature you ask for except volume control .
in my experience , using your fingers or a stylus does not make any a difference in responsiveness . on skitch , the drawing matches with what you swipe / touch / move , but the responsiveness is slow . quill is faster ( try it , if you still have not ) , but it slightly changes what you draw ; still faster than skitch though . all in all , i think this is probably a hardware issue ; could be software too . nevertheless , we both agree that there is an impedance mismatch !
take a backup of the same twitter client on your phone , with a known handle and email , and then search the resulting files ( or backup image ) for the know handle and email . then look in the same place on the original image/files .
i ended up contacting twitter support and they verified ownership of the account using a dm .
you still got your sdcard contents you still got synced data on google cloud associated with your google account and other cloud services . everything else is wiped out and cannot be restored all you can do is log in with same google account on your device and it will restore some data from cloud like google contacts , calendar and , maybe , settings for some apps . purchased apps are still available from google play and you do not need to buy them again . install dropbox , google drive and other apps which store their data outside your device . in future , try to keep copy of everything important on other device such as your computer or in cloud . nowadays you can get lots of free storage on many services like dropbox , google drive , box , skydrive etc . you can avoid wiping your device in future but you cannot avoid losing it or breaking it , so backups is very important .
some launchers ( nova , launcherpro ) can create shortcut on home screen which can launch custom activity from any app . this may allow you to launch alarm settings directly . also you can create custom app to launch activity from another app .
installing a recovery and flashing your rom download your recovery . img or wahtever the name is to your fastboot folder . adb reboot bootloader fastboot flash recovery recovery . img fastboot reboot recovery now use your recovery to flash your rom . at this point you may not be able boot into your rom if you do not have s-off . but give it a try . if it works then forget the next few lines . copy the boot . img file from inside your rom and copy it to your fasboot folder . adb reboot bootloader fastboot flash boot boot . img . now you can reboot to boot into your rom .
only the paid apps you have purchased will be listed under the " not installed " category indefinitely . i believe it takes a few hours ( or sometimes days ) for the market app to sync with google servers to refresh the list of installed apps .
i do not think it is possible to recover these . . only if you should have backups of your outlook calendar , but i do not think a lot of people take backups of their calendar
i finally made it without a /system/-wipe . i reinstalled cm9.1 + gapps , ran it once , and installed cm10 + gapps . now it works fine ! anyway thanks for your help !
aosp keyboard crashing in cm is a known issue . i think you can go for a system wipe . but just go through the precautions you should do . try re-flashing your rom and gapps
if you are just after the contacts , that should be easy as 1-2-3: open the contacts app , tap the menu , chose " export to sdcard " copy the resulting file ( in most cases named something like 0001.vcf over to the new phone on the new phone , same as in 1 .  just chose to " import from sdcard " of course , there are several more alternatives  depending on your preferences : if you have synchronized your contacts with google ( or some other cloud service ) , they should automatically be synced to your new device as soon as you connect it with your account plenty of backup/restore apps are available to assist you , some even specific to contacts more information might be found in our backup tag-wiki
when you say old phones , i think you meant devices which had ni-cad batteries . that practice of recharging only when the battery was run down is known as the memory effect like richard said , most phones do not use ni-cad anymore but li-ion or li-poly , which do not exhibit that behavior . i keep my devices plugged in as often as possible .
full discharges put a strain on the battery . this topic might be of some help to you ( the first answer specifically ) .
modern phones use li-ion and li-poly batteries . so the battery life is not affected by whether you charge them at 0% or 90% . it only has a long term effect . batteries degrade with every charge cycle . a cycle is usually a recharge from below 50% . so charging while the battery capacity is still relatively high has a long term effect of less degradation . the other frequent pseudoscientific habit that has no roots is a technique many call " formatting " , where you leave your battery plugged in for 16 hours or 3 * 8 hours with discharge in between or any other baseless claim by anyone on any forum or phone shop . if they do not have scientific evidence do not believe them .
based on my experience with chinese-made mid , we can extract it only if we have the access to it is kernel ( which usually the manufacturer does not release it ) . maybe you can start looking for the solution at tabletrepublic . com forum . find the specific device model and chipset used , and i am sure there will be a lot devs out there willing to help .
if you have access to your router , you can clone its wireless mac address . i did it on mine with dd-wrt , and now i get the correct location . all i needed to do was to change part of the mac address . two things that can go wrong , though : 1 . your router may not enable you to do it ( and you may be unable to install dd-wrt on it ) 2 . the wi-fi network that is causing the wrong location is not from your router . other than that , its a quick fix .
tl ; dr version : just use the gps . long version : turn on wifi positioning ( "location and security > use wireless network" ) , turn on gps ( "location and security > use wireless network" ) , use google maps ( or other gps applications ) , then walk/drive around your city . when you turn on both of these services , before the gps acquires a " fix " , android will send the wifi 's mac/ssid and cell tower base stations cid/lac around you to google 's server and google 's server will send back your location information ; after the gps acquires a " fix " , your device will send the wifi mac/ssid , cell tower cid/lac , and your gps location to google 's server and google 's server will collect this information to refine their own wifi database . note : i believe the device could also be sending other data , like signal strength and possibly ping latency ; but i am not sure about the specifics of these . also from google 's support forum : by christopher ( google employee ) if your location is being incorrectly detected by a google maps or latitude using google 's cell id ( cell tower ) or wifi ( wireless network ) location database , you can help provide updated info to correct google 's database using google maps for mobile . at this time , you cannot provide individual updates to google 's location databases , though they are being updated and improved constantly over time . open google maps on an android 2.0+ , windows mobile , or symbian s60 phone and enable gps . while maps is simultaneously connected to a gps satellite and a cell tower or wifi router , you will be providing updated anonymous geographic data for the cell tower or wifi router to which you are connected . please note that this data is anonymous and may require a significant amount of data from you and other users before changes are made to google 's location database . android : you must enable settings > location and security > use wireless networks and have previously given consent for anonymous location data collection . you can check if you have given consent by un-checking and re-checking the ' use wireless networks ' setting .
why do not you just update the sid of your wifi ap ? i believe location will then be free from previous data .
apart from lie ryan 's great answer above , i think this wireless location bug form is quite suitable for correcting mislocated hotspots and as a result for submitting new ones . has anyone tried this ? : ) please use this form if a google product reported a very incorrect location ( e . g . wrong city , state , or country ) while your device was connected to a wifi or wireless network and using google 's wifi location database . you will need to use a computer on the same wireless network you were connected to when your location was incorrectly reported to submit this form . note : submitting this information may not immediately correct your specific router or access point 's location in google 's wifi location database but will be used to improve the overall quality of google 's products and services , including the wifi location database .
also see http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=734138 for a discussion about how they might . mechanisms other than apn change might include time to live request header data volume answer seems to be probably not .
not likely , the flash storage itself usually have built-in hardware wear leveling , yaffs2 is only advantageous when the flash storage does not have hardware wear levelling . however if you are reformatting a flash storage , do check that the flash storage have hardware wear leveling ; most flash storage that originally ships with ext4 ( e . g . nexus s ) should come with hardware wear leveling , but if the device originally ships with yaffs2 or other file systems that does not do wear leveling , they might not have hardware wear leveling . on these file systems , you might need additional steps to ensure that a lower level driver do software wear leveling if you want to safely install ext4 ( or other filesystems that does not do wear leveling ) .
where did you see that all gingerbread devices will use ext4 ? the nexus s uses ext4 and that is because the galaxy s devices uses a very slow and laggy file system developed by samsung called rfs . google decided to change the file system on the nexus s from rfs to ext4 .
read all the posts but did not want to do software surgery on my nextbook 7 while it was under warranty , so i called nextbook support . after a long delay they gave me a solution that worked . i had little free memory so apps would not update even though i had only the original google apps installed . for some reason the apps were duplicated in my internal storage partition . the solution is go to bootloader by holding down the power and volume at startup . then scroll down to wipe data/factory reset click power and then yes . now scroll down to wipe media partition , click power and yes . then reboot system . my memory went from 40 megs free to 260 megs free . all is good . i am betting this solves some of the other issues with performance as well .
i have been getting this error a lot lately ( stock n7 16gb ) , too , and i have plenty of room on my device . usually i can go back in and tell it to update and it will work the second time . just now i was getting an update message on an app and when i went in to update it there was no update option . i wonder if this is related to the new google play version coming out . i went to google play on my laptop and told it to update the app and it worked that way . you might try downloading the apk for the new play store and see if that helps .
you can go to the setting of sms app , when you see the sms interface , you hit the menu button , then you can see the option
theming is independent of the launcher , although both may be considered part of the ui ; for example , the touchwiz launcher and theme are elements of samsung 's touchwiz ui . my samsung vibrant is running a custom rom called bionix , and they have re-themed the device so my checkboxes look like this ( perhaps the only thing i dislike about the rom ) :
search " android device id " app in the google play market . download and install the most popular one . it'll show you several things including your phone 's imei no .
tap anywhere on the page and the menu reappears .
you can make this happen by going in poweramp settings-> headset/bluetooth an uncheck pause on headset disconnect and resume on wired headset and that should be it
the following application : soundabout allows you to disable the headphone plug/unplug event detection in the settings : select wired headset behaviour and remove the tick from the wired headset detection ( ticked by default ) from my understanding what it basically does is that it registers a broadcast receiver for the following broadcast with the intent : intent . action_headset_plug and the receiver cancels the event using the abortbroadcast method . as previously mentioned by @nightcrawler most media player on android like poweramp , play music , vlc etc all have an extra setting to specify their behaviour on a headphone plug/unplug event ( ignore/comply )
i do not know how to get it by the adb command . but you can get it programmably with the sdk . there is a class build which have many information of the current running phone , such as you wanted model number can be got by the build . model .
on a pretty much vanilla build on my evo , i can get to it by going into Settings-&gt;Wifi-&gt;(Menu Button)-&gt;Advanced . it is listed as " keep wifi on during sleep " . just be sure to tap on the left half of the " wifi " menu item , since the right half is simply the toggle .
you have got quite a few apps in that list which can turn your connections on and off , and make other changes to your network settings . if you have a look at the permissions the app has ( either in the apps list on your phone , or by looking it up in the play store ) , you can see these permissions listed , for example if you go to the battery defender-battery saver apps play store page , you can click the permissions tab at the top of the description and amongst its permissions list you can see these : change/intercept network settings and traffic allows the app to change network settings and to intercept and inspect all network traffic , for example to change the proxy and port of any apn . malicious apps may monitor , redirect , or modify network packets without your knowledge . change wi-fi state allows the app to connect to and disconnect from wi-fi access points , and to make changes to configured wi-fi networks . change network connectivity allows the app to change the state of network connectivity . bluetooth administration allows the app to configure the local bluetooth tablet , and to discover and pair with remote devices . allows the app to configure the local bluetooth phone , and to discover and pair with remote devices . the easiest way to find the culprit would be to uninstall one of these apps , use your phone for a day or two and see if the problem happens . if your phone works ok without the app installed , then you have found the problem app . whereas if your phone still has the problem , you can re-install the app you have removed and uninstall another one for a day or two . it could also be that two or more apps are interacting or interfering with each other and causing the problem ( one app may be trying to switch your wifi off to save power while another switches it on to do something else ) . if this is happening then the best way to work out which app is causing the problem would be to uninstall all of the apps that could possibly be causing the problem , then re-install them one at a time over a period of a few days , and watch to see when the problem starts happening again . the easiest place for you to see all of the apps on your phone and click throught to see their permission is probably by going to your my apps page in the play store where it shows all of your installed apps and you can quickly click through to the app 's description and permissions pages . out of your apps list , the apps that look most likely to be causing the problem are these , but i have not been through the permissions your apps are using one by one so it could be another that is causing the problems : battery defender-battery saver fastweb . alice . wifi . recovery fastweb wi-fi decripter phono apn-switch wpa tester
sprint added a new Connections Optimizer in the latest release . to disable this feature , go to : Settings &gt; More &gt; Mobile Networks &gt; Connections optimizer &gt; uncheck the box ; mine says Sprint Connections Optimizer .
very unlikely . that is the mediascanner 's responsibility . for faster access it scans all directories on given events ( e . g . sdcard mounted , boot_completed ) and stores the results in a database , where most players pick it up from . so you can either use a tool like e.g. sdrescan to trigger the mediaplayer ' s scan whenever you have manipulated files -- or find yourself a music player that does not use android 's media database but rather works e.g. folder based .
with most ota updates someone inevitably pulls the raw . zip file off some server and posts it online for others to use before they get the official ota notice on their phones . if your phone is currently on build number grh78 then download this . zip file . if your phone is currently on grh78c then download this . zip file . rename it update.zip and place it in the root folder of your sdcard . shut your phone off . hold down the volume up and power buttons at the same time to access the bootloader . use the volume keys to navigate to recovery . press the power button to select it . you should see a triangle with an exclamation point in it . hold down the power button and tap the volume up button to access the recovery menu . use the volume keys to navigate to apply update from /sdcard , select it with the power button , choose update.zip and press the power button to start the update . when the update is complete , reboot your phone . ( these instructions were taken mostly from http://www.intomobile.com/2011/02/24/how-to-manually-update-your-nexus-s-to-android-2-3-3/ except for the download links . i do not own a nexus s and have not tested this personally . if these instructions look incorrect to you [ or anyone else ! ] do not use them . if at any step during the update process the instructions do not line up with what you see , you should stop proceeding and use menu options to back as far out as you can from the menus . i am not responsible for anything that happens to your phone , good or bad . )
you need an intermediate wifi ap to which both android and your laptop connect . the integrated wifi hotspot functionality will not work as it does only forward the internet connection and hides the rest ( it adds a new 192.168.42/24 subnet and does nat internally ) . technically speaking , of course , there is a way to do it . but it requires root and you would need to setup the network by hand ( iptables , ip tools required ) and make sure that the app does bind to the wifi hotspot standard gateway ip 192.168.42.129 and that there are no firewall rules to block it .
did your phone come with some apps pre-installed on it ? that can sometimes cause issues with the update process . pre-installed apps are often placed in the system directory and the market might not properly update them . if you can , see if the apps that are listed as updatable are pre-installed . another potential issue is a mismatched signing key . it is more common if you install development versions of apps , but an app that is signed with a key that does not match the market version cannot be updated .
this could potentially be caused by having an app that has been restricted since you downloaded it . if it is no longer available for your device / network / location then it will not show up in the market , but it is possible that the market still checks to see if a newer version is available . i believe i had this issue back with the v2 . x market , but not since i uninstalled the app in question .
i have noticed that having multiple android devices can trigger my update notifications . i , of course , use the same account for both devices but when updates are available on one , they are not aways available on both . i will typically get a notification on both devices .
this is a little bug with something in the marketplace . the way i have fixed it is by uninstalling the updates for the market . just go to settings - applications - manage applications - go to market and select uninstall updates . launch the market , it will be a much older version . give your phone about 30 minutes and the market will update to the newest version and you will no longer have the update notification issue .
you could try clearing the cache/data for the market app . settings-> applications-> market , select the market app , then click the " clear data " button . ( you may need to force stop the market app first )
if you have multiple google accounts setup , click menu , then accounts , to make sure the proper account is selected . then click menu , then my apps .
the latest version of the market will automatically update apps that you have allowed to auto-update . the checkmark notification will disappear from the notification area immediately after the update . those apps that are not allowed to auto-update will be unupdated so when you go to the market those will be left unupdated .
most likely the files in question are on the sdcard , try deleting any suspicious-looking files on there ( do not forget about hidden files beginning with a . )
copy and paste from contacts app to messaging app should just work without any problem , i have used it a few times before to copy lines from addresses , emails and that sort of thing into an sms . are you sure you long-pressed long enough in the sms message to get the input menu up with the Paste option on it ? or that you copied it properly in the first place ? copying data from a contact is most easily done by Editing the contact , then long-pressing on the field you are interested until the input menu comes up with the Copy All option .
on my htc evo i can open contacts , then long click on the contact i want , and then choose " send contact as vcard " . this opens another menu that allows me to choose what portions of the contact to send along and how to send , via text , email , bluetooth . also you can try the app " shacts " which allows you to create qr codes of contacts very easily and then share them or scan them right from the screen . [ update ] another app to try for older android releases is qr contact 1.6 .
try this : setting > data usage > ( data usage action bar menu ) > uncheck ' restrict background data ' hoped it helps .
delete the account and set it up again , before finishing unsync sms . . .
i have the same problem with etech et-7008b tablet , the usb debugging is off before they made made too many pattern mistakes . my advice is make sure usb debugging option is checked/turned on before making any security password on your devices but it would be easier to unlock for those stolen or lost devices .
you have a stock recovery . try to boot to fastboot , using adb : apply this command in adb while in recovery : adb reboot-bootloader , or : adb reboot bootloader . try each one , if the first works , good . check if the device is visible by fastboot devices . if it outputs nothing , try the other command . it should work now . now you have to flash the recovery using fastboot flashing abilities . after that , try again .
factory-resetting only wipes the user data . if you want to go back to the original rom and unroot to fix your phone , you need to find the original rom that your phone came with , and follow the procedure to flash it to your phone .
easy method ( requires root ) yes , there is an app for exactly that and much more called ' gravitybox ' ( it is an xposed module ) . for information on how to install it , view a similar post here alternatively ( does not require root ) if you are lucky your phone app should have a " blacklist " to which you can add numbers and prevent calls and/or messages ( notifications ) from them . normally found in the settings of your default phone app . . . if you do not have it , then you could even try a 3rd party phone app that will replace your default phone app that will do the trick ( there is a large variety that are more beautiful , simplistic , up-front and have features including black-listing options . . . ) . using a 3rd party phone app will leave all your contacts intact , but you may loose your speed dial settings .
try quiet balance app here is the link https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.melkote.quietbalancehl=en
here is my understanding as a developer : android 1.5-2.1: right-to-left support is built-in , but most roms do not contain the letters . this means that hebrew in most applications will show up as boxes ( but in the correct order ) . this does allow individual applications to include their own fonts and thereby display hebrew correctly . android 2.2: the default system fonts now include hebrew characters . right-to-left layout still works . ( although the rules for justification did change , annoyingly . ) based on some bug reports , google did not yet consider support for right-to-left languages to be final in this version . ( note the comments by google engineers , such as romain guy here : https://review.source.android.com/#change,15955 ) . android 2.3: the sdk has been released , but no updates for actual devices . the sdk does include a hebrew locale for the first time (http://developer.android.com/sdk/android-2.3.html#locs). also note that locale support ultimately depends on the vendor of the actual device ( either the carrier or handset manufacturer ) . they may choose to remove locales they deem unimportant to save space , or they may choose to add some that they deem important for their targeted market .
froyo/android 2.2 added support for displaying text in hebrew and arabic ( among other languages ) , including the needed fonts . unfortunately , previous versions do not have hebrew support in the stock source , though i would not be surprised if a device maker added support to their device on an ad-hoc basis .
some of the below is speculation , or given to me by sources i can not cite so take it as is . some ( many ) of the oems ( manufacturers ) like lg and samsung embed their propitiatory widgets within their own launcher . this ( allegedly ) is down to them not wanting you to emulate their own look and feel in someone else 's launcher . samsung , beside android , have their tizen operating system . it is almost identical to their touchwiz overlay on android . so if a user has a samsung , they can use this device without porting over any knowledge , to all intents and purposes they do not know what os it is running as the interface is consistent . keeping touchwiz and those things their own , and unique is a way of retaining their customer base and keeping the ui the same across a range of devices makes it an easier decision to ' get the lg ' or whatever to keep what you are used to . the galaxy gear 2 smart watch actually runs tizen , not android as a real world example . it is a business decision , not one i am a fan of as i believe in customisation and options . any ui ( ala touchwiz ) that deprives me of choice is one i quickly abandon . it is worth pointing out that there are thousands of widgets on the play store , many of which bear an uncanny similarity to those of the oems . last point i will add , htc are currently rolling blinkfeed ( their launcher/news stream ) onto the play store . this may be the beginning of oems splitting onto the play store as google did a while back ( calendar , keyboard , etc ) . this may be a way to get some of the widgets you love , without owning the device . however , the locked widgets remain an issue .
have you looked on the market ? there seem to be a few dvorak keyboards available . https://market.android.com/details?id=com.reyn.truedvorakfeature=search_result https://market.android.com/details?id=net.xenionsh.android.dvorakfeature=search_result you should probably shop around and try as many as you can find . if you do not know how to switch to an alternate keyboard you have installed , look here : http://www.simplemobilereview.com/change-your-android-soft-keyboard-system/ if you are looking to change whatever keyboard you use now to the dvorak layout , that may be harder . it would depend on which keyboard you are using .
i am not sure is dvorak is available on stock firmware for optimus v , but there are many 3rd-party keyboard apps on the market that have it ( some require a separate download via a plugin . ) once installed , activate it by going to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Language &amp; keyboard , and marking the checkbox next to the newly installed keyboard app . then bring up any text field ( e . g . google search ) and long-press it . tap on the " input method " menu item , and you will be presented with the list of all currently installed and enabled keyboard apps . select the one which has dvorak layout and you will immediately be able to use it .
fastboot is a binary and protocol used to communicate with android devices in the early boot stage . it allows to change of the boot target and therefore is often used to install custom boot-loader ( twrp , clockworkmod , etc . ) and roms . the binary often comes with the android sdk , for example on my linux system it is installed at /opt/android-sdk-update-manager/platform-tools/fastboot . there are also build instructions for fastboot on the official android page .
you could use the cheapcast to act as a player and control it from a desktop or another mobile device . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=at.maui.cheapcast
when the lock-screen is enabled , android disallows apps to interact with buttons in the way you ask . however , though it is not an app , but i believe cyanogenmod rom allows for this . and if that is the case , there will be other roms out there that allow for the same .
the application saymyname dessert does this quite well .
unfortunately you need root to be able to do that , despite you saying it , but thought it would be useful to leave that in here for others : ) all modern wireless cards chipsets would may have that feature to be able to sniff/monitor , but as matthew read pointed out in the comments below , its a grey area in terms of driver support . when you issue the binary command ifconfig there is a ' promisc ' switch to tell it to go into promiscuous mode to enable monitoring/sniffing .
no . i have made my current city offline . but , when i do local search with third-party apps , the map is displayed after consuming internet connection . its task of third-party apps to cache fetched map data for future use .
if your recovery mode is also password protected , you are out of luck with gui interface from device . go to download mode and flash the rom . this is the only solution if you do not have password .
since i do not know what the password is , i played around with it and failed enough times that it told me that if i failed one more time i could lose data on the sd card . so i failed one more time ( i did not care about the sd card ) and it did the reset just fine .
you can " wipe user data " from recovery mode , though that also means that you get to spend a few hours setting up your phone again .
you can not do this with the old " android browser " , but you can in chrome , which is downloadable from google play and comes installed on all recent android devices . the feature you are looking for is called chrome remote debugging , and it relies on having chrome on your desktop and adb enabled and connected .
palliatively , i installed kingsoft office , although it is so big for my device ( it is about 13mb in size , and all my internal storage is just 180mb ) . . . so i had to remove some apps to install it . well , it does the work well : show special characters without issues . but i wait for a solution for polaris office . . .
wifi speaker stream all audio from pc to android ! about use wifi speaker to stream all audio from a computer to an android device in realtime . just run the server on your windows pc , and the app on your android . the server is completely free , as is the app . setup is easy : download and install the server on your media pc . get the wifi speaker android app on google play enjoy tunes ! links google play store : wifi speaker ( free ) google play store : wifi speaker pro ( paid , no adds ) pixelatedmind.com: media pc server for winxp/vista/7 screenshots : note : i am the developer .
have you tried : plex : ( paid - $4.99 ) streams videos , photos , and music from your pc to lots of devices including android phones and tablets . some sort of vlc pc-to-phone streaming app ? audiogalaxy airplayit if you are not picky about the desktop to android part , maybe google play music will be suitable for you ? these might also help : cnet : how to stream music from your pc to android remotely , android authority : best free apps to stream videos from pc to android phone personally i have only used plex , google play music , and vlc stream and convert pro
i have settled with bubbleupnp which can act both as a server and a client ( on different devices ) , and it can play my google music account . it is not exactly what i was looking for , but it'll do for now . bubbleupnp : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.bubblesoft.android.bubbleupnphl=en
you can try the following two apps : for pc : airfoil for windows send any audio from your pc to airport express units , apple tvs , iphones and ipods touch , and even other pcs and macs , all in sync ! use airfoil with web-based audio like pandora , music services like spotify , rdio , mog , and wimp , or any other audio playing on your computer . airfoil for windows gives you your audio on airplay devices all around the house . for android devices : airbubble airbubble is a lightweight airplay audio receiver . it will appear in airplay applications ( such as itunes ) as a device you can play music to . it works in the background , streaming music to your android device . this version is fully featured but will exit 30 minutes after each app start ( you can start the app as many times as you want ) . this can be unlocked with the airbubble license app .
try gmote . among other features , it notes on the play store description : stream music from your computer to phone !
the question of " should they " is more a moral than a legal or technical one . they will not do this because there is no logical business related reason to do so . they had be confronted with a support burden when people want their problems sorted so now they had have in effect two phones worth of problems instead of just one . there will not be a stock version anyway ; they had take the android source and customise it onto their hardware/firmware etc , plus all the extra stuff they put on . they had need to do this twice , too . this is the reason nexus and pure google versions of phones such as the s4 exist . i am afraid you have no choice but to buy one of those up front and find your own network . rooting your phone is not so hard ; i have done this to an s3 , only to revert to stock because of all the problems i had ( cyanogenmod is not very well supported on the version of the s3 available in my area ) . samsung is still supporting the s3 with updates , albeit very slowly ( they have not yet released the 4.2 update for the s3 - the source of which was released almost a year ago - which was promised for various months this year and there are rumours they will now skip this and go straight onto 4.3 ) .
is rooting the only option available for me ? yes . should not samsung allow me just point my phone update link ( ? ) to whatever i want , as my contract expires ? no . the manufacturers do not have a legal or moral obligation to do so . they can provide the sources to the kernel on their site , that is about how far they can go . this is where the community comes in , have a look at this titled " where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ? " google nexus line of devices are free from carrier related slow-downs in rolling out updates and fixes to android , which is why you pay the odds over for a google nexus device . not all devices are deprived of the pure google experience , i.e. no carrier bloatware , touchwiz , etc . it can be done by selected few talented developers , depending on the community and popularity of device in question . you are free once the contract expires and do whatever you want without violating terms and conditions . you can : sim unlock/network unlock root the device modify it flash a custom rom on it ( refer to the linky above )
a contract is tied to a service provider / network . if the phone was packaged together with their plan / contract , chances are the phone contains a rom that is bundled with network-specifc apps . also , it is possible that the phone is locked to that network only . for you to get around this , you need to unlock the phone so it can be used woth other networks . plus , you will also be able to flash network-neutral roms or custom roms .
copying a working su binary does not make the device rooted ! the method of rooting depends on supporting files , for instance : a shell script a binary that exploits possibly , another script to copy over the superuser app . . . also , it is entirely dependent on whether your handset can be rooted or not depending on kernel , android version , manufacture/make of handset . with jellybean 4.3 , it is now much harder to exploit and security has been clamped down more , this caused headaches for the creator of chainfire 's superuser app in order to work around the extra security put in place by default . it will be a matter of time now , when trying to exploit and gain root will become harder !
as you have noticed , the app you are typing into can tell a " hint " to the keyboard app ( or input method ) to let it know what kind of text to expect , such as an email address . it is then up to the keyboard app to decide how to interpret that . for example , it can look in your contacts for email addresses . you have not said which keyboard app you are using , but from what you have described it seems that this app chooses to ignore expansions when it receives this hint . since it is up to the keyboard app what to do , you might like to install and try out a different keyboard app . i do not use expansions/abbreviations myself , so i can not recommend one , but there must be one out there that lets you use them for email addresses , phone numbers , etc . as well as normal text . do bear in mind that a keyboard app can record all the text you type , so be extra careful to only install apps from reputable sources and developers .
http://plugable.com/2012/12/01/windows-8-and-intel-usb-3-0-host-controllers updating 3.0 drivers from microsoft to intel makes htc devices connect through adb and fastboot !
make sure cable is connected properly . try other usb port . close all programs running that is related to adb . go to developer options and tick on usb debugging . delete htc android drivers in device manager and reinsert you cable : ) then restart .
as it turns out , the issue was that my phone was no longer being recognised as a composite usb device by windows , meaning only one of adb , mtp or htc sync was capable of running at a given time . after the update , mtp was always recognised first . this explains both the 4.3 issue of mtp and adb conflicting , and the 4.4 issue of no adb . the solution was provided by htc 's support website : step 7 . if you could see your phone as the portable device on your pc , but there is still no " android usb device " in " device manager " , please try to manually update the driver for your phone . expand " portable devices " in " device manager " right click on your phone 's name or " mtp usb device " update driver software select browse my computer for driver software tap let me pick from a list of device drivers on my computer dont check show the compatible hardware select standard usb main controller select usb composite device in the right hand side list as the screen shot below and then click next after you click next , if there is warning message window pop up , please choose yes .
try uninstalling the previous drivers and after that connect your device to the pc and let the system detect your device drivers and download it .
apple ios no official native solution by google ( except for the safari web-app with a subpar user experience ) beware : all 3rd party providers seem to need your friend 's plain google password to be able to offer push support ( not just their app ) ! all have some sort of session timeout for push notifications ( when the app is in background ) : needs a relogin after that timeout ( eww ! ) . 3rd party apps i found : im+ pro , free , ad supported , push with unknown session timeout im+ , 9.99$ , no ads and longer push session timeouts as above . good reviews . beejiveim for gtalk : free , push session timeout up to 7 days , no voice/video chat for google talk pro : 0.99$ , push with unknown session timeout , noticed bad reviews in germany , good in us though windows phone todo blackberry has good support , download here symbian todo bada todo send me your findings , i will happily include them here .
try using the business calender app , or one of the offline calendar apps .
you need to include the port number . adb -s 192.168.60.69:5555 shell  if you are using a sensible shell with configurable tab-completion ( i.e. . not windows ) , then you can type adb -s tab to get a list of devices .
if you enter the dialpad to call , you should see a microphone icon that you can click to voice dial . you can also add a voice dial icon to your home screen . as for needing a data connection , it is not the processing that is the issue - it is the amount of data that would need to be stored on your phone in order to do that processing that is the problem .
last time i checked hands-free voice dialing is not possible with android . http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=9817 put simply , android is not car-friendly telephone . in fact , android phones may be banned from use while driving in some states , as android does not support hands-free operation . perhaps , nothing wrong with that if we consider it as just a small internet tablet and not demand full telephony capabilities from it .
" voice control without internet by k and j software " app seems like all you will need . description from the play store:- unlike most voice applications on the the market which require internet connection , this application installs a light-weight speech recognizer on your phone , so it can run locally without internet connection . you can make your own speech commands to start an app , call a friend or browse a website . speech commands can be defined by phonetic alphabets , so it literally supports any language . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.knjsoftware.voicecommanderhl=en i have not tried it out yet , but it looks promising and has decent ratings . not sure how well it performs . . it also seems you can set the " voice dialing feature " through this app . hope it works out well ! : ) note : free version has a few limitations .
as long as pictures/videos are involved , you might want to take a look at monte gallery . this app offers you a.o. the feature to add descriptions and tags to pictures , and then lets you browse them by tags . it also offers browsing by location , and ( as you can see by the screenshots on its market page ) , a nice " calendar view " , grouping pictures by " date taken " . only thing missing is to combine those using a search mask , like " show me all pictures tagged foobar taken between [ dates ] on [ location ] " : )
new versions of the market are rolled-out by google automatically ( and there is a slight chance that you never see the new market , but i do not think that this is true for the desire s ) . so the best thing is to wait . if you really can not wait you could try this market . apk , but i am not sure if it is the latest . make sure that you have " unknown sources " enabled . source
i am afraid there is not as calls are not recorded by default or even stored temporarily . sorry this did not add any more information than izzy offered in the comment just thought it should be put as the answer . if you are in a similar situation in the future or need to record a call there are plenty of apps available that will let you do that .
i use alarmdroid . you can adjust it by either by +/- or pressing the hour/minute to get a number pad :
it is actually very simply . drive has that option built in . you just go to the options and click on download a copy . it will download the file into your download folder .
astro file manager with clouds works great . took less than 5 minutes to install and start copying folders from google drive to my android .
i would recommend using a file manager , e.g. the astro file manager . there you can access your dropbox , google drive , box , . . . and copy files and whole folders to a local folder .
you can use es file explorer . to get connected : press the settings button on the phone , or the app . expand the network list , and click cloud . click new , and choose gdrive . enter your google credentials , accept the terms , and you are all set up . to copy a file to the phone : locate the file on gdrive through es file explorer . long press the file . press More , then Copy to . select the location to copy the file to , and press OK . or . . . locate the file on gdrive through es file explorer . long press the file . press Copy . navigate to the location you want the file . press Paste .
this may not be helpful , but when i long press any file and set it to " make available offline " , it ends up in /storage/sdcard0/Android/data/com.google.android.apps.docs/files/pinned_docs_files_do_not_edit/{hexadecimal string}/ . from there you should be able to copy them to some other location .
directions taken from omg ! ubuntu ! . im assuming you backed up your data . download the corresponding android image from google . extract the downloaded zip . connect your nexus 7 to the computer with the usb cable . open a terminal window and type : adb reboot-bootloader , this will reboot the tablet into the android bootloader . in the terminal , use the cd command to enter the folder created after you extracted the previously downloaded zip , for example , Desktop/&lt;name of extracted folder&gt; once there , run the shell script : sudo ./flash-all.sh and wait for it to complete .
i would probably just flash it with a stock rom , also you should always backup any device before you screw with the operating system ( this goes for computers and phones ! ) make sure that the rom you flash your phone with matches the phone exactly . if you get a rom that is for your phone , but for a different carrier , it will brick your phone and you will be out of luck . good luck !
if the bootloader is really unlocked , you should install a custom rom . personally , i like the explos ! on rom , which can be found here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2000636 unfortunately , htc has not released a ruu for this phone , so it will be impossible to flash the original rom .
can you once try menu-> settings -> language and keyboard . the first entry is " select language " . english is third in the list in my phone .
you could get a us/uk firmware from samfirmwarec . com and flash it with heimdall / odin . but you will lose your warranty and i can not guarantee that it will work ( it could even leave your phone in an unusable state ) . flashing can be done with three easy steps : get your phone in download mode connect it with usb configure heimdall/odin and start the process there are some other things that you need to be aware off , but everything is documented in the links i included . maybe you son will also help you . : )
you can change to english : go to settings , then select language . i bought mine in beijing and i only use english .
thanks for the answers , zshakespeare , al everett and lie ryan : ) it is true , the cell network signal is quite poor at work - that could be why it drains so fast . i have tried out all your recommendations and in the interests of others , i am going to document what i did : first , for unrooted users . if you do not have tasker , get it - it is the most powerful task automation tool for android , though somewhat aimed at power users . there is no free version ( 15 day trial ) but it is worth every penny . ( it is a little cheaper when bought direct from the developer instead of from the market ) . i have already set tasker to kill wifi and disable autosync when i enter my office . now in addition , i have created a profile to turn off the data connection ( edge/3g ) when the screen is blank . next for rooted users - and this is where i see the most drastic power saving - by underclocking the cpu . i am using 2.3.5 and have experimented with 2 kernels - darkyrom 's supercore 2.0 and hacre 's ninphetamine . the latter is a high performance kernel with voltage regulation features ( supercore does not support changing voltages ) . i have installed setcpu , and set it to downclock from 1200 mhz to 800 , and reduce the cpu voltage to 975 mv ( at 800 mhz , lowering further will cause problems ) . i have also set it to further reduce the clock to 500 mhz when the screen is off . by doing this , i got a boost of nearly 4 hours in battery backup . looking at this , i wonder why samsung does not do the same thing in the ' power saving ' mode that is available by default ; not everybody would want to/be able to experiment with rooting their phone . finally , about syncing apps and email - i turn off autosync while i am in office , and at other times i use the built in mail client to sync my gmail every hour . my office exchange mail is sync disabled while i am in office , and set to push mail at other times . i do not get more than a couple of mails a day during non office hours .
settings -> location -> turn off like everything root your phone and underclock : ) keep google
you have already turned most off the features and yet if it only gives less than 8 hours , chances are there is some hardware fault . maybe in battery .
there are two apps , juice defender and woofi , which , when used together can dramatically increase the battery life of your phone . the idea is that if you do not need to be notified the instant that you receive a message via the internet , your mobile data does not need to be on all the time . juice defender ( among other things ) will disable your mobile internet , and then re-enable it at a specified interval so that your phone will check for new notifications . it does not affect text messages and phone calls . woofi uses your network location as a basis to disable and enable wifi , so that you only have your wifi antenna turned on when you are somewhere you can use it . if you are a control freak like me , you could also do all of this with tasker . i have it set up so that when my screen turns off all internet connections are disabled until i turn the screen back on . then if it does not connect to wifi within 30 seconds , wifi is diabled . it turns data on every 10 minutes to notify me if i receive an email . i put a shortcut to enable/disable this on my homescreen , and my battery life almost doubled . finally , if you just flashed a new rom , your battery life will be bad for the first week or so , until the dalvik cache and battery information caches are built up . you should notice a significant boost in battery life after a few days .
i usually get by the day by carrying a usb charger since i always have my laptop or other computers around me . some people get through by buying a second battery pack or a thick extended battery . any apps that syncs every 15 minutes is battery sucker , since it prevents the phone from sleeping . syncing every hour or so should not affect battery by much . if possible you should prefer apps that uses c2dm ( i.e. . push instead of poll ) . many apps that polls for data have configurable polling frequency , try to have the same polling frequency for all apps or integer multiples . for mailboxes that need to receive occasional urgent emails , do not use the stock email client , instead use gmail client or exchange which uses push . if your email server supports imap idle extension ( a push extension for imap protocol ) , you should use third party imap client , e.g. k9 mail . however , do not use push for low priority high-traffic mailbox . you might be able to find a sweet spot for yourself by using two or more mailboxes for your high urgency and high traffic mailbox . if you are rooted , underclock . most phones have much more cpu than is needed for daily usage ; underclocking will curb the phone to not go full power state unexpectedly , remember to restore the clock before doing cpu intensive activities ( e . g . games ) and to underclock it again afterwards . i hope you know to disable live wallpaper . they are good for showing off , but not if you want your phone to last the day . secure the phone in your pocket . i found that my phone drains battery faster when in a tight pocket since the hardware button are often accidentally pressed which activates the screen and prevents the phone from sleeping . in some custom rom , e.g. cyanogenmod , the notification bar have power widget , which is handy for quickly enabling/disabling battery sucking features , e.g. gps , 3g , etc . however , remember that in the end it is all a tradeoff :
i find power saving mode feature pretty good , anything not being used is shut off but turned on when needed automatically .
biggest battery-killer for me is being in a place with little or no cell signal and having the cell antenna on . the phone is constantly trying to connect with the network and it just sucks the battery dry . when i am at work i can not get any signal in my office , so i put the thing in airplane mode . ( i can not make or receive calls anyway , so might as well . ) i easily end the day with 80% battery . if i forget to do that , i am out of juice by early afternoon .
go to Settings -&gt; Accounts and sync: ensure auto-sync is checked . check the relevant accounts to see if sync is enabled for them ( click the account and see what is checked off ) .
another possible cause : is your phone 's memory full ? if your phone is low on free memory , it will not sync any new data to it . you will have to uninstall some apps or move them to the sd card to resolve this .
not an answer to your question exactly , but it solves the main issue . i have coded a solution for this , you can download the apk on http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1083284 . it uses a cntlm binary to process the authentication .
check this out dude . http://androhacks.blogspot.com/2011/02/proxy-settings-in-android-mobiles-with.html
error code 331 is an error that you would get back from the sms gateway . it means : no network service is available . if you continue to get that message , i suggest you call your carrier .
its a pretty useless app if you do not use it ( forever ) . so what you can do is disable it . go through Settings&gt;Apps/App Manager&gt;All&gt;Voice Dialler&gt;Disable . thats it . you can enable it again if you wish when needed .
the answer lies in the kernel source for that htc wildfire - look in arch/arm/mach-msm/acpuclock.c to see the table of the accepted frequencies . since the wildfire is based on msm-7x25 chipset here 's the excerpt of the frequencies table hardcoded , assuming its a gsm handset : first column , indicates that the frequency can be scaled , if it is a 1 in there , that chipset frequency can be scaled up or down , think of ramping up the cpu when there is a processor-intensive app running and that is done by the kernel dynamically within the confines of a safe threshold without burning down the chipset - please note : this is only for the kernel to use , further on in the answer , that shows the overclocking table , that is " end-user " responsibility - not the kernel ! ! ! ! ! ! second column , the normal frequency in khz as dictated by the what i think is called the a11 clock ( somewhere within the bowels of the chipset itself ) third column , not exactly sure but is specifically related to chipset itself fourth column , the selector used for the normal frequency setting fifth column , the divisor used for normal frequency setting sixth column , the overclocking frequency in khz seventh column , the overclocking frequency selector eighth column , the divisor used for overclocking frequency setting ninth column , not sure either what that signifies there is actually in fact , 12 fields used , the remaining fields are filled in at kernel boot-up , perhaps adding guards and ensuring that the conserved values are not explicitly over-ridden , a " gate-keeper " if you like , read on . . . further on in the source , there is usually a conservative over-clocking frequencies ( the common msm-7x 01 / 25 / 27 ) chipsets supports it ) , again same layout as the " conservative values " as highlighted above , notice every single one of the frequencies can be scaled up/ramped down for each overclock frequency that is how setcpu can adjust those values as it has a 1 in there in the first column depending on the table lookups , and depending on the chipset , only the max is specified , and is re-inforced by the kernel ( in the remainder of the fields of the record that the kernel reads from and process it - as mentioned above ! ) i eventually created a setcpu . txt file which i put in the root of the sd-card . the thing is when i had a frequency of 800mhz setcpu still read it but the max frequency it could obviously touch was 768mhz . that is why you can never override the maximum as dictated , as in the op 's case , to prevent thermal damage to the chipset and clock frequency ! random reboots , random freezes , battery overheating quicker than normal ( normal as in within the regulated cpu clock frequency threshold ) are all symptoms of a overclocked chipset . this is a big give-away clue when someone asks about random reboots but does not say that it is probably overclocked !
there are quite a few options already : chroot to a full fledged linux ( search for debian chroot android , it is got quite a few hits ) there are also native ports of debian or ubuntu for some phone/tablet models . shell access is already there : terminal emulator if you install an aftermarket firmware such as cyanogenmod you will get root access , busybox , bash , an ssh client/server amongst other things here 's the sl4a project ( scripting layer for android ) , it adds python , lua , perl and other interpreted languages to android you can build qt applications ( yes , even those using qtgui ) using necessitas -- a port of most parts of the qt desktop framework to android . applications as complex as quassel ( an irc client/server ) can be built with very minimal source changes . in theory this would allow you to build much of kde4 , though some parts ( e . g . the plasma workspace ) may be too heavily tied to xorg/glx . most c/c++ programs from gnu/linux that do not require a graphical interface can be compiled to run on android using the android ndk other things , you aware of . feel free to add it here
titanium backup does not require internet access , you can firewall it off if you like or just turn off your connection while you use it . the internet permission is used for downloading busybox if you do not have an appropriate version , but again there is no reason or need to trust it to do what it says , you do not have to let it access the internet . it does not back up to the cloud and saves the backups on the sd card . also , keep in mind that full backup apps require root . a root application does not need to request permissions in order to use those functions ; the root user can do anything , that is the point . you should take the fact that they do request the permissions as a good sign . they are letting you know exactly what the app does . edit : without root , you can use lifesaver 2 for sms . there are some options here for backing up contacts .
apndroid does not work on cdma phones . this appears to be the case with most such apps . internet scheduler and greenpower claim to work on them if you have gingerbread , though . there are some other solutions you can try in this google groups thread .
john as @thunsaker states this a htc sense mod and unfortunately cannot be changed . you could look at rooting your phone and putting a vanilla rom of android on or the fully customisable cynogen mod 7 , that way you can take back the control htc stole ; - ) . a place to start would be http://www.android.modaco.com
rather than modify your rom and switch over to cyanogenmod , why not simply use an alternative sms app like handcent sms or gosms . both have customizable options for sent message notifications , including vibrate pattern options .
in simple words yes ! can they be installed without your knowledge ? mostly no , but with hackers finding innovative ways to push malware through you could get affected . any app during installation asks for a few permissions , if i were to develop an application to spy on your location , your contacts , your messages etc i could very well just add these permissions on the app and discreetly upload your data . how would you prevent this ? well if you are downloading a music app and it asks your permission to send and receive messages or access your messages you can make an educated guess that something could be wrong here . your best bet at finding spy apps would be to see the permissions for apps downloaded and see if they match the functionality that is provided by them .
it is my understanding that , in a non-rooted android device at least , all apps are available to be seen by the user . now unless there is a security vulnerability that i am unaware of a " spy-app " will be visible to the primary user and owner of the phone . this does not mean it will be called " spy app " or anything that is obviously malicious but it does mean that if it is there then it will be visible . a great way to check if an app could be a " spy app " is to check its permissions , other than that its just good practice to know what is on your phone ( so you could see if an app is installed that you did not install ) .
try installing the official drivers from the android sdk .
i too have the same problem with the usb mass storage menu . after unplugging it from usage , i noticed after using the wall charger it doent give that option anymore when i want to copy files from my computer to the phone . the only solution i have came up with is turning your phone off then turning it back on . after that you will have the usb mass storage option back again when plugged into your computer . so anytime you use the wall charger to charge your phone over night or during the day , you must turn your phone off then on the enable usb mass storage again . ( after turning phone back on , do not reconnect the wall charger then to the computer or you will not enable the usb mass storage menu )
you might wish to take a look at apps like network signal info and rf signal tracker , which allow you not only to monitor signal quality , but also show you which cells you are connected to , plus what kind of connection you had ( 3g/h+/ . . . ) . you can follow that on-screen ( to find the currently best place ) , and also log it ( if you notice " drops " , that might be helpful when discussing things with your provider ) . network signal info and rf signal tracker ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants )
to answer your question on what the ' black bar ' is at the bottom of the screen - it appears to be called the System Bar . i thought it was the Notification Bar but apparently that is part of the System Bar . here are several links that i found in my search : android 3.0 highlights from android developer site talkandroid . com esato . com phonearena . com stackoverflow question where someone called it a ' system bar '
go to Settings &gt; Sound &gt; Volumes , then tick Link ringtone and notifications volumes . if it is not there , you can use an xposed module like gravitybox to achieve the same result . just look in the Media tweaks menu .
i think , you will have to reset you phone to do so . if you do not want to lose your application data then try app backup manager apps . these apps back-up application 's apk file to sdcard .
go to settings-> accounts-> add account-> and add another google account with the new email . then go into the play store and there will be your email with a drop down arrow . tap it and select the new email .
here is a summary of how i have implemented it . besides tasker , i also used : autonotification , for a richer notification . sms popup , for suppressing sms notification for the balance responses . sms auto delete , for silently deleting those sms responses after a while . profiles request balance on calls - on outgoing call , call balance before call , on exit call balance after call . process received balance - on sms received from the balance numbers , call process balance . show balance summary - on balance variable set , call show balance . tasks balance before call AutomatedBalance = Yes CheckConsumption = Yes Request balance by SMS  balance after call Wait 15 seconds Unset CheckConsumption Request balance by SMS Flash "Balance has been requested"  process balance show balance
action-> event-> phone-> received text *type:sms sender : phone balance content : balance new task-> variables-> variable set * name : %smsbalance to : %smsrb +-> alert-> popup * title : balance text : [ see in variables ] . . . voila
well , after tearing my hair out and feeling my hair became lighter , i gave up . but then , the wifi of the laptop became even flakier : it can no longer connect to the office wifi . so , i did some drastic measures : uninstall all thinkpad utilities that manage the wifi uninstall the wifi drivers reboot reinstall just the wifi drivers afterwards , i can connect to the office wifi . . . and hostednetwork works ! go figure :-/
there is a bug in android 4.4 which causes flac files to pop and stutter . androidpolice has an article on it , there is a fix that has been committed ( but not released ) according to this bug report . it should be fixed in the next release ( although when that'll be is anyone 's guess ) since the problem exists in android 's native flac codec , which is used by most of the music players available , finding an alternative app with its own custom implementation will easily solve the issue .
right . this is possible , which is great . log into the android device manage for a second time , before connecting the lost device : set a password , click on the " wipe device " option , but then press cancel instead of choosing to wipe it . the earlier request is then cancelled and your recovered tablet can safely connect to the net . the new password will appear , apparently magically .
a simplistic solution to your problem would be the following : set up any one of the ip camera apps on the play store . access the ip camera app 's web interface via the server . set the web interface to record the video feed to its storage . this would work ; but you have not specified if you own the server or not , what type of server it is , or whether you are on the same wifi network as the phone .
clutchpad can be setup to do pretty much whatever you want . . check it out here
if you are using the aokp ics roms , then there is a setting under System Settings-&gt;ROM Control-&gt;General UI-&gt;Long Press Home Action but it seems to only let you choose between different kinds of recent menu lists . i know this is a narrow part of your situation , but information for your taking nonetheless .
another method exists , and like you indicated , it requires at the very least root access and possibly a custom rom . hook your device up to a computer via adb . pull your keypad . kl file . for my htc evo 4g , it was /system/usr/keylayout/supersonic-keypad.kl , regardless of what it is called , you should find it somewhere close to /system/usr/keylayout open this file with a text editor , and edit as you please following the pattern of the file . for me , the home button is 102 , so remapping this key to the camera would be key 102 CAMERA WAKE_DROPPED . a key marked WAKE will wake the device when it is pressed , WAKE_DROPPED can affect the system without waking the screen . note : this may only allow you to change the functionality to built-in options , but there are several functions available , including volume options , other softkeys , camera , power , any characters , or playback controls , such as PLAYPAUSE . this is the android source and includes example keymaps .
you might be able to assign the required functions to the button with buttonremapper : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=850464
so i went digging in the cyanogen source code . it appears that settings work as follows : the brightness is determined from ambient light sensor based on spline ( can be changed in " adjust" ) . brightness adjustment - makes overall auto-brightness result darker or lighter by affecting gamma value . centering the slider means " no change " . adjust to sunrise and sunset - also affects gamma value , but based on time of day and time of sunrise and sunset . adjustment sensitivity - there is a delay in screen brightness changes due to ambient light changes . this settings affects the delay to make it faster / slower .
it is much slower than siri with the same connection speeds . it is also less accurate .
today netflix released an offical app ! currently netflix playback is supported on the following phones : htc incredible with android 2.2 htc nexus one with android 2.2 , 2.3 htc evo 4g with android 2.2 htc g2 with android 2.2 samsung nexus s with android 2.3
this is a droid running cm 6.1.2 . there does not seem to be any appreciable difference between the headset and headphones other than the wired vs . wireless indicator .
you can see the details of this at the android developer documentation , but an app can definitely tell if a wired device plugged into the audio jack has a microphone or not . i will tell you that this information is not always accurate or consistent across devices though , as i have experienced with my own app hearing saver . sometimes different phones send different codes for this particular bit of information , so if you are experiencing difficulties with certain apps not recognizing your headset , i would get into contact with the developer of that app .
if you are using multiple google accounts , you need to make sure that all of them are set to sync calendar data : from the home screen , go to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Accounts &amp; sync tap on your google account . ensure the " sync calendar " option is checked . repeat steps 1 - 3 for every google account you have added . samsung has their own calendar app on the galaxy tab , which is slightly different from stock android : open up the calendar app . tap the menu button , go to Settings -&gt; Calendars . make sure the calendar you wish is checked ( you can also select the " all calendars " option on top . ) your second calendar should now properly show up in all apps that poll calendar data .
i recall having this issue with some calendar not showing up . if i remember correctly it had to do with having some calendar disabled/hidden in google calendar at the time of the first sync ; the calendar app would then not bother looking for other calendars . try going in settings > accounts and sync > auto-sync and uncheck it . go to google calendar on the web , make sure all your calendar are visible . then in settings > applications > manage applications > all > calendar storage > clear data back to settings > accounts and sync > auto-sync , check it . when you next open your calendar , it should be empty , but you should be able to select all your calendars .
today i tried calsync to sync lotus notes calendar to android . it worked and i was able to sync the lotus notes calendar to my google account where i have multiple calendars . i found that my phone ( htc desire hd ) is by default able to select and sync multiple calendars but my galaxy tab 7" is not able to . i have found a way to activate multiple calendars in samsung galaxy tab : download the acalendar app from google play store ( this is a free app ) . run it and it will open the calendars that was synced by the galaxy tab ( which is by default the main calendar in your google account ) . in the " setting " or in " more options " of acalendar you have an option to select other calendars set-up in your gmail account ( it will display all calendars in your gmail account ) . after selecting multiple calendars also it does not sync by default . you will find that the additional calendars are selected in a light color not the normal dark colour for sync . now touch and hold the calendars that you want to sync and it will popup with a message to sync . sync and then that calendar will get synced not only in acalendar app but also on the galaxy tab default calendar . hope this helps people who cannot sync multiple calendars with samsung galaxy tab !
i have multiple calendars syncing to my droid , only some of which am i the owner . go to the calendar app , and press Menu | More | Calendars . make sure that both calendars under your account are set to " synced , visible " . if not , tap until it changes to that setting .
if you did not take a backup before fiddling around with your system ( which i assume is the case ) , you will have to get yourself the rom ( see : where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ? ) and flash it to your device . advice for the next time you start playing with system stuff : backup your current rom ( which can be done via custom recovery as nandroid backup ) . so in case anything goes wrong , you simply need to boot into recovery and restore that backup , which includes the entire system and your user stuff as well .
if your phone starts up normally and does not have home screen alone if you had enabled adb debug , you can copy the apk for home ( you should know the name as you deleted it ) from some one 's phone of same model having same version of rom as yours . then you can connect your phone to your pc and use adb install commands to install the home launcher .
you have to install new rom , but you lose your warranty permanently . because the rom is locked first time , when you re-install you unlock it . after re-locking it'll show your status as re-locked instead of locked and it means you have no warranty any more . you must backup your phone before any system modification .
backup the phone and try to reset the phone . so that you`ll get all the apps which are coming with your phone .
battery temperature guard free is another cool app to monitor your android 's battery temperature . this will warn you if it gets too high . this app was very useful during my summer vacation in south france :- )
you can use tempmonitor available from google play store : system temperature reading in your status bar updating at your choice interval . tempmonitor is the oldest cpu temperature monitoring app on the android market . this app is built to do one thing : temperature , and it does it well . some features that you might like : the temperature can be displayed on the status bar or in the app screen . you can also select what you want to see : choose from celsius or fahrenheit . choose what temperature to display ( battery , cpu ) . choose the update interval .
the backspace key the backspace keep repeated action is controlled at application level , either by the keyboard app , the evernote app or the android system . afaik , there is no setting to control the spead of the action repeat cycle . the undo feature a premium user of evernote has a backup privilege that creates a snapshot of every note on the evernote server every 8 hours . help : need to restore text deleted from a note note history creates a snapshot of your not on our server every 8 hours . aside from that , there is no undo capabilities on the application . note : as already suggested on the comments under your question , you could submit a feature request to have a redo functionality .
as aureljared already pointed out , a factory-rest wipes the /data permission , so you cannot simply " exclude " and app and its data from being " removed " . however , you can backup it beforehand , and restore it afterwards . easiest way ( not requiring root ) is utilizing adb backup for this . it will require the adb tools installed on your computer 1 , and usb-debugging turned on on your device , but that is it . then you can either deal with it directly from your computer ( with the device attached via usb ) , or use a tool like helium - app sync and backup directly on your device ( after initializing it via your computer , if your device is not rooted ) to backup and restore all or selected apps . 2 1 see is there a minimal installation of adb ? and our adb tag-wiki 2 see my answer here and here for details
preserving the application itself ( apk ) can be easily achieved ( with root access ) by dropping the . apk in /system/app , but the configurations are a bit trickier to keep . factory resets generally do a wipe of /data , which also contains all the configs/gamesaves/etc that all apps installed have , so you might have to use a seperate backup app ( i recommend titanium backup ) for that .
you might want to visit the update page for neo v for closer information on how to update . it not only tells you what has changed , but also provides you with the required downloads . the link is to the uk version . i could not find any link for argentina , and the brazil page does not even list the neo v . so you might want to check around for yourself -- at least that is somewhere to start with .
i wonder that " device storage " turns up as an option at all , as it is not intended for direct user interaction . on internal storage , each app gets its " home directory " to write in , where they usually store their data and settings  but not e.g. your photos and documents you might wish to also access with other apps ( as basically , on " device storage " , each app is limited to its own directory ) . maybe you confuse this with " internal sdcard " , which is the user-storage on the device ( as opposed to the " external sdcard" ) ? to get some idea on the terms , be invited to our tag-wikis on the terms storage , internal-storage , and file-system .
you can add more reminders for one single event . if you want something more " loud " you should edit the notification sound to something like a longer notifications sound so that it will vibrate for all the sound duration .
i do not know about older versions of android , but from my 2.1 version it is pretty straight-forward . from the home screen go to settings and tap " wireless and networks . " then " vpn settings " and add vpn and follow the prompts from there .
allshare is a samsung specific product , which might not be available to devices of different brands . however , as it is basically a dlna server/client app , you might want to take a look at some of the many alternatives available . a very good choice would be bubbleupnp , which acts both as server and client ( so you can stream from your device to other dlna/upnp clients as well as the other way around ) : bubbleupnp is a full featured upnp/dlna control point , upnp media renderer and upnp media server . play easily your music , videos and images on your phone and devices on your network ( dlna tvs , xbmc , wmp , . . . ) , from your external upnp media servers . play your phone/tablet media to those devices . browse and play your local phone/tablet and cloud media from other devices ( ps3 , . . . ) . bubbleupnp can also be used as a standalone music player , even without any network connection .
the best way is nfc trigger . . there is an app ( nfc trigger ) that can activate car mode automatically when the tag is close to the tablet
moon+ reader in the pro version supports almost all formats available , including epub and pdf . you can even highlight and annotate text ; with pdf files , these highlights/annotations will be directly embedded into the file ( so you then can simply transfer the pdf to another reader and have your notes included ) , while for the other formats they are stored separately . support is pretty good , fixes and new features are constantly released ( developer is quite active and responding ) .
both aldiko and fbreader support pdf reading without conversion . as the app should update , you can check them again . i found these later : aldiko only supports non-drm'd epub . nook for android by b and n and kobo ebooks seem support both pdf and epub . get the information from : http://www.pdfmate.com/read-pdf-with-ebook-reader-app-for-android.html
i am using bluefire reader . it is free of charge and can display pdf and epub files with adobe drm .
aldiko is a good free application for reading pdf and epub documents .
txtr purports to support both , but has not gotten very good reviews . speak text easy and multireader are primarily for text-to-speech , but they both appear to support both file formats .
by default , email attachments and browser downloads are stored at : /sdcard/download  can also be identified by some file managers as : /HWUserData/download  if the device does not have a user-replaceable sd card the location should be : /mnt/sdcard/Download  some apps may have their own default location , or save to appropriated locations based on the file extension .
android 's own email application is , in fact , open source .
k-9 mail is open-sourced and is equipped with features like search , push email , multi-folder sync , flagging , filing , signatures , bcc-self and more project hosted on google code
there is a beta version floating around xda . ymmv . this is being developed particularly for the s2 , although it might work with other devices having ffcs ( front facing cameras ) as well . see this thread for more details .
cwm should not have put your phone into a loop . in any case , you can use adb push from your pc to put the update . zip file onto your internal storage at /sdcard . ( adb is include with the android sdk tools . )
there are 2 possible solutions i see here . in the root menu of cwm there is an option mounts and storage . if you go into that , there should be an option to enable mount USB storage . that way you could place the zip file onto your internal memory . you can continue following your guide . cwm also has an option to install a zip from an external sdcard . you could pull the sdcard out of your device and put it in your pc somehow . then load the cyanogenmod zip onto your sdcard and insert it back into the device . after that you should find the option in cwm to install from your external sdcard . install zip from sdcard  choose zip from sdcard ( instead of choose zip from internal sdcard ) .
it means exactly what it says in the faq . one tick - your message has been sent successfully and is waiting for them to open the app and look at it . two ticks - they have opened your message .
same as in normal chat . one person read message . -- drklo (github.com) source : https://github.com/drklo/telegram/issues/397
immediately back-up all pictures to your computer , because i think the sd card is failing . if it is internal memory , are the pictures instantly empty ? or are they empty after a while ? can you also state your make and model ?
actually it is very intuitive , open the app drawer , look for settings , then follow below : language and input > keyboard and input methods > android keyboard ( aosp ) settings > input languages and in this list tap to put a check-mark for both english and french .
you can achieve this using third-party keyboard apps . try multiling . i like it particularly for 2 reasons : it is highly customizable : from the look to keyboard layouts to languages to sounds to effects to emoji icons to tablet layouts and much much more . it supports my native language = ) ( uzbek - a minority language ) with the autocompletion dictionary . and the best part ? it is free ! background info although i do not need french and i only use the qwerty layout , i tried adding french and the layouts you mentioned and it worked and i was able to do that pretty quickly . note that you will not be able to change the keyboard layouts as quickly using a shortcut as you would change languages ( swiping the space bar ) . however , i am assuming one does not need to change layouts that often since it is a matter of typing preference . setting up languages and layouts once you install the keyboard , follow these steps to add languages ( the app will actually present a very convenient step-by-step set up wizard when you first run it ) : settings ( not android settings , but multilang keyboard settings - there is a key for that on the keyboard . this will open a popup ) > languages > tick off the languages you want . to install the autocompletion dictionaries , go to " install dictionaries " on the same screen . this will open developer 's website with links to download dictionaries from google play . to change the keyboard layouts : settings > keyboard settings > themes , sizes and layouts > abc layouts > select the layout you want . press back several times to go back to the input screen and you are good to go . switching layouts if you want to use qwerty with english and azerty with french , there are two ways to achieve this : changing the multiling keyboard settings where you have english and french set up - following the steps above ( total of 7 taps or 4-5 seconds ) . using the stock android keyboard with english language and qwerty layout , and multiling with french and the layout of your choice . in this case keyboard switching is done through the notifications screen ( as far as i remember on ics - i am on jelly bean now ) . bonus information here 's a promo video for the keyboard which shows the different languages , layouts and styles . you will see my language on the 33rd second : )
mine too , also htc sense . my " my contact card " is not called ' me ' but rather has my name - it is linked to my facebook account which i think happened during set up . the htc site says this about " my contact card " . . . " my contact card provides a convenient way to store your personal contact information so that you can easily send it via mms . in addition , you can log in to your facebook and flickr accounts to receive notifications of your contacts ' updates and events . on the all tab of the people screen , tap me , and then tap here [ ? ? ] to edit contact . " anyway the result is that my phone has a perfectly good contact record for me from google mail/talk ( with my various phone numbers , email and physical address ) and another useless one sucked in from facebook - it does not seem possible to link my personal google contact record to my facebook record or to delete the ' my contact card ' . that is a bit of a mess really , shame as the rest of the gmail/facebook integration is very good .
perhaps " me " is a reserved name in the android contacts app . try renaming your " me " contact in your google account and then see what happens in android after syncing contacts again .
the contact record for you i assume just has your name . if you link the two ( top right corner when editing a contact ) it will pull all of the information in . on the down side it will eliminate the " me " entry . at least that is how i remember it working when i went through this . my wife just left with my phone for the evening . . .
you can check this e.g. in the honeycomb user guide . basically , it sums up to the following : android settings , as wifi networks incl . passwords , user dictionary , etc . settings of many google apps , as e.g. browser favorites apps downloaded from the playstore additionally , app developers can use this api to have their apps data backup'd along -- but only few do so . furthermore i would not rely on this backup -- there are many reports that , while the backup works , the restore not always does : it seems there is no way to manually trigger it , and on initialization after e.g. a factory reset ( or with a new device ) it often fails . also , as far as i know , it is an all-or-nothing thing : you can have it let all your backed-up data restore ( as described before ) , or not .
google dashboard is a service for accessing a simple view of the data associated with a google account . with dashboard you can also get a list of your android apps that store data in the google cloud , the dates of their latest backups , the amount of storage they use , and some additional data such as the date you first registered the device . to access this information : visit google dashboard at https://www.google.com/dashboard enter your google username and password , and log in scroll down to section " android devices " click the " more data stored about this device " link under your device names 's entry
well , as it may seen , there is no solution without relying on third-part softwares . instead , i ( partially ) solved it by changing the language for english uk , where the numbers format are without separators . ex : 99999999 .
the problem was hardware related . wifi chip was changed in the service center . now it is working ok .
is it using a custom rom or a modified stock rom ? flashing djembey 's pre-rooted s4 roms has issues with wi-fi , esp . for those higher than MGA . they have a wi-fi fix , but i still encountered issues ( e . g . intermittent mobile data , loss of audio / sound ) . so , i downgraded back to mga . hopefully reading the thread in xda might give you some ideas . do share your answer if you find something useful , or a solution .
op fixed the issue with the following solution : edit : i fixed it by following the instructions from theunlockr - how to : unroot the htc desire and flashing this rom [ direct link ] . community wiki under " best-practices " defined by this meta answer .
try nitronote - it offers syncing for outlook notes . you will need to install apps on your desktop as well as the device . there is also the more powerful touchdown client which will sync email / contacts / tasks from an exchange server . finally , lots of users claim to find gsyncit to work well for them , but ymmv .
how physically close will a tag need to be for the phone to detect a nfc card ? ( 10cm or can it greater ) &lt ; 0.2 m http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/near_field_communication nfc is intentionally very low ranged since it is meant to be difficult to accidentally connect to the wrong nfc readers . one of its possible applications is to aid in initiating longer-ranged connection ( e . g . bluetooth or wifi ) with zero configuration . also can the phone present itself as a nfc tag to other phones ? if this is possible is the range greater as the nfc transmitter is powered ? no , currently nexus s only have nfc reader , it cannot emulate nfc tag . http://www.nearfieldcommunicationsworld.com/2010/12/07/35385/google-unveils-first-android-nfc-phone-but-nexus-s-is-limited-to-tag-reading-only-for-now/ there are plans for future android releases to support nfc card emulation , but nexus s will not be getting it since it lacks the necessary hardware . i can think of several ways to hack around this , with some limitations , since static nfc tag can be made as a sticker , but full nfc card emulation will not be available in nexus s .
i know this already has an accepted answer and is quite old but the answer is wrong . " how physically close will a tag need to be for the phone to detect a nfc card ? ( 10cm or can it greater ) " the answer quotes &lt ; 0.2m but that is from the nfc standard , the actual distance depends on the radius of the nfc chip 's antennae , in the case of the nexus s is can detect a tag from about 4cm or less , as the other non-accepted answer says . " also can the phone present itself as a nfc tag to other phones ? if this is possible is the range greater as the nfc transmitter is powered ? " yes it can , kind of . it can ' push ' an ndef message containing information ( plain text/url/others ) and if you put another nexus s next to it then you can read it with nxps nfc application , or other ones . i am not aware of any applications currently on the market than can push an arbitrary ndef message but if you have ics then this has the android ' beam ' feature which utilises ndef messages . http://www.engadget.com/2011/12/01/android-4-0-ice-cream-sandwich-review/#beam it can also do card emulation as is used in google wallet but this is not supported in the public api . however have a look at this for a gingerbread rom with emulation features : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1281946
the specs on the nfc controller chip in the nexus s are the following : http://www.nxp.com/acrobat_download2/literature/9397/75016890.pdf to answer your first question , as advertised in the above pdf , the nfc controller chip inside the nexus s has an operating distance of about 10 centimeters . however , in practice ( specific to the nfc controller in the nexus s that is ) , it is limited to about 4 centimeters . you practically have to hold the card to the back of the phone in order for it to be able to read the card . 10 centimeters is massively over-exaggerated , 4 centimeters is the farthest i could go with any card . distance is greatly dependant on the quality of the rf transmitter , and receiver on the other end , so this distance may very well increase under different conditions . if you have specialized equipment , it is possible to pick up any nfc rf communication up to a distance of about 10 meters , but do not expect nfc implementations in phones to go any farther then 10 centimeters . for your second question . again , as advertised in the above pdf , card emulation ( the ability to present oneself as a nfc tag ) is supported for the following standards : iso 14443 a-b-b , mifare , felica rf . to my knowledge , these are all the standards one should ( currently ) care about . however , card emulation is not supported by the android sdk , and i am not sure whether or not it will be supported in future versions , or even if android devs are working on such functionality . it would , however , be the logical next step for the android sdk to support .
a xda thread speaks about rooting micromax a87 ninja which seems to be quite easy and broken into following easy steps : preparation of computer which includes downloading jdk , sdk , adb driver and one click tool to root . connect the phone and run the root tool . i am skipping on rest of the details as the xda thread enumerates its details .
if you can access apx mode , you can restore a stock rom using easy flasher . the steps are the following : check if your asus transformer is supported . download easy flasher download the latest stock rom from asus website . copy the update zip to asusupdate folder ( inside easy flasher folder ) . open easy flasher and hit flash asus stock zip the application will install the stock rom back to your transformer , so from there you can root or install a custom rom without problems .
you could try an app such as airstream if you are rooted which streams all audio on your device via airplay .
you could try and exploit your receiver 's support for the dlna / upnp protocols , by installing a dlna / upnp control point app , such as bubbleupnp .
well , at last i could finally solve the problem thanks to chris5s from the xda-developers . com forum . these are the steps that worked for me : download the latest clockworkmod for allwinner a10 tablets from here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1802268 put all three files in the zip inside the root of a microsd card and insert it in the tablet check from the terminal app inside the tablet to see if the microsd card is mounted in /sdcard ( just type " ls /sdcard" ) . if the " ls " command does not show anything ( that is what happened in my case ) , then you must modify the " install-recovery . sh " file and replace all instances of "/sdcard " with "/mnt/extsd " . with the proper " install-recovery . sh " file , run the commands specified in the above xda link ( in my case the card is in "/mnt/extsd " instead of "/mnt/sdcard " as the original example shows ) : su cd /mnt/extsd sh install-recovery . sh sh reboot-recovery . sh the tablet will then reboot to cwm recovery . then follow the regular steps to install cyanogenmod ( wipe plus install rom + gapps + compatibility ) . this time the recovery menu will not care about the files being unsigned and will install them right away ! i hope this helps somebody else !
the magnetic field of a certain point is directional and has magnitude . the x , y , z returned by the sensor is a vector that describes the strength and direction of the magnetic field relative to the device measured in microtesla . for example , a value of (x, y, z) = (50, 50, 0) means that there is a magnetic field sqrt(50**2+50**2+0**2) \u2248 70.7107 microtesla strong in the direction of 45 degree to x-axis and y-axis of the device .
msecure is a password manager and digital wallet . it contains a feature called auto-copy on url launch . reinstall the app and untick all of its settings , maybe they kept somehow " active " for your browsers even after you uninstalled the app . then uninstall the app if you still want to do it . if neither the above nor the answers which other users post here work for you , the app manufacturer have an email to give you support . in that case , we encourage you to post here what they suggest you in order to fix the problem .
depending on the version of android , you might need to revoke the device administrator privilege for msecure under the security/device administrators setting .
i use bluetooth file transfer app . its worked really well to send file to my computer . you can check multiple files to send at the same time and this has worked well for me . it also works well to send file back and forth between two phones if they both have it installed .
go to downloads , click on it and send it to trash . worked for me .
i hope this is your problem , rt ? just go in downloads , select other downloads and it will appear facebook build 141046 and then select that and click cancel . or settings --> apps --> all --> download manager --> force stop , disable and clear cache then enable again help/more
thank you for your support in connectify . it sounds like your antivirus/firewall software may be blocking internet traffic . check our firewall/security settings article in our knowledge base . if you are a pro user and continue to have problems please submit a ticket by visiting our website . we will work to help you resolve your issue !
.ftf are more suited for the older line of xperia devices and is proprietary format , the trend with newer sony devices is .elf instead . their layout of kernel image is non-standard , this requires a special script to run against the freshly built kernel image to convert it and add extra special markers to make it compatible for the xperia to enable booting . without the markers , the flash will fail , androxyde 's flashtool has the capability to generate the .ftf , .elf by concatenating the kernel image ( usually gzipped raw flat binary ) with a header called .sin which has some proprietary encoded binary that fixes up the bootloader 's address from which to boot up under . the script can be found on sony 's opensource portal website , that contains a blog entry highlighting how to create a flashable kernel for xperia s model . the custom rom 's that the op is referring to is more of a " universal generic " method , which contains the kernel and the files that composes of the rom , that is made suitable by the likes of clockworkmod ( cwm ) and teamwin recovery ( twrp ) to use them . some manufacturers are free to deviate on how their kernels are created and if necessary , applicable handling to convert it to a form suitable for flashing , such as sony 's own format , rather than using mkbootimg which is a more generic form of creating a flashable kernel ( this combines the kernel image and auxiliary supporting files ) , that is compatible with most , if not , all devices with some exceptions , like sony . as case in point , the kernel has to flashed separately first before flashing the rom . for others , cwm/twrp can directly flash the newly built boot image file created via mkbootimg first behind the scenes then write out the files into the /system partition .
the galaxy s ii does not have a locked bootloader , so davidap 's ( deleted ) post does not really apply in this case . it is also theoretically possible to exploit a flaw in a bootloader or something and re-lock it , though i do not know of such a method . but anyways . as noted here , it may be possible to fully back up a samsung device through odin , though we have not been able to get it working . doing so would allow you to backup your stock rom and restore it in perfect condition . via odin you can also flash a stock firmware image , completely obliterating any trace of rooting . this also might not be perfect , depending on where you get the firmware image &mdash ; some of them are re-packed ota updates and so on , and different from any " real " odin package samsung might use internally . the problem is not with the real data on your phone , though ; as noted it is easy to go back to stock and leave no trace of rooting . there is a counter that gets incremented when you flash your phone with odin . it is possible to reset this counter , but that increments another counter . samsung does check this counter sometimes so you should flash with clockworkmod or mobile odin to avoid that . if you brick your phone , that is certainly your fault and i would not expect help from the carrier/manufacturer . if you need them to fix a cracked screen or something i would not expect them to care about any flashing you may have done , though who knows . that said , i of course am not encouraging you to void your warranty ; that is up to you .
this is almost certainly a codec problem , there are two ends you could come at this from , either the tablet or the computer . what video playing apps are you using on your tablet just the built in one , or have you installed any additional apps ? if you have not tried installing any other video playing apps on your tablet , then try one or two of these . you will find that they should support a lot more video formats than your built-in player : mx player moboplayer vlc do you need to use minidlna on your computer , or can you use something with transcoding support that can convert the videos into formats that your tablet can play " on the fly " ? alternatively , there are dlna compatible servers that you can install on your pc that will transcode your videos to compatible formats as they stream them , i have used plex media server ( which as well as being dlna compliant , also has an android client to make the experience even easier and more pleasant than using dlna ) and i know people who use ps3media server for this too ( despite the name it is not tied to ps3 's these days ) .
you must be a part of the beta program : go to http://beta.swype.com/ login resend the beta email : https://beta.swype.com/android/welcome/?resend=yes on your android phone , go to the link in the email : https://beta.swype.com/android/get/ it should start downloading the installer to setup swype . if you still have problems , you will need to contact their technical support .
have you purchased a map direct from us on our os mapfinder app ? if so , there is advice in the faqs on syncing downloaded maps between devices that are using a linked google play account : https://www.ordnancesurvey.co.uk/shop/mapfinder/mapfinder-android-faq.html if you have purchased an ordnance survey map from one of our partners rather than direct from us , you will need to check with them on how their apps and services work though .
you can use filtering to include only the selected app 's messages by the tag ( s ) used . use the syntax adb logcat YourTag:I *:S to show logcat output only from YourTag and hide all others . you can have multiple tags also , just separate them with space and have the *:S entry as last . if you need to get all messages from multiple tags in the same app , you have to fish out the pid . if you use linux/osx , you can use the command : adb logcat | grep `adb shell ps | grep com.android.example | cut -c10-15`  or you can check out proclogcat and use : adb logcat | proclogcat 
as a general rule , i do not trust any " freeware " or " shareware " site that has not specifically been recommended to me by someone i know and trust , and because these sites are not my thing i can not either recommend or condemn this specific example . i can answer part of your question , though , and say an emphatic yes , unscrupulous people can inject malware into apks . installing an apk from an unknown source is generally a very bad idea . the permissions you mention , though , are actually the same that the legit facebook for android app asks over in the play store ( see the " permissions " tab ) . permissions alone are a bad judge of an apk 's potential for harm . in this case , personally , i would say the risk of an unknown source far outweighs the app 's permission requests .
if you really want to downgrade an apk , the best way is to get it from another device that you trust using one of the methods in where are the . apk files stored on my android device ? then you can put that apk on your device .
did you try wifi mapper ?
you could try " wifi maps light " for android , available for free in google play .
look at something black ( e . g . an image of only black ) on your phone , and shut off the lights . if you have got an amoled screen , it should be pure black ( virtually no light emanating ) . with an lcd it will be significantly brighter/greyish .
regarding if the super amoled is inferior : android update 2.3.3 introduced a color temperature correction , which many users complain turned their screen color " ugly and yellowish " http://www.androidcentral.com/nexus-s-233-update-bringing-unwanted-screen-issues . the color change appears to still be present in the newer 2.3.4 update , and some have begun to suspect that the fact that not everyone is seeing this color change , may be related to which screen the phone has ; with the superamoled being associated with the yellowish color and the lcd not having the yellowish color .
try gremote , it is good for presentation , but difficult to configure
unfortunately , it does not appear that straight honeycomb ( xoom , samsung 10.1 , etc ) devices have the ability to take a screenshot without some help . if you have the sdk downloaded you are able to plugin your device and take screenshots using your computer . however , that sounds really inconvenient . instructions can be found here under " debugging tips " http://developer.android.com/guide/developing/debugging/index.html there was also an independent app released on xda for honeycomb devices called screenshot er . one caveat , it does require root . http://www.xda-developers.com/android/take-screenshots-of-your-honeycomb-device-with-screenshot-er/ market link at https://market.android.com/details?id=fahrbot.apps.screenfeature=search_result
partially stolen from this answer ( and here 's third party confirmation ) : hold the back button and tap the home button ( or , if that does not work , tap both at the same time ) . this is part of samsung 's touchwiz interface , it does not work on other devices . on most other devices , the only way to take a screenshot without rooting is to use the android sdk . you would connect your phone to your pc via usb , run ddms , select your phone , and hit ctrl + s .
you may have root , but that is not a root shell ( as evidenced by the $ prompt ) . you need to use su to switch to root before you can use mount . since the default target is the root uid , you can simply enter su and it should properly switch to root ( a # prompt ) . i think the reason it is failing is simply because you are running it as an underprivileged user .
you are not specifying the device to mount , only the directory so it is telling you that you are missing one of the required parameters . i believe that the busybox mount will let you get away with not supplying the device , if it can figure out the device to mount , but the " stock " mount requires that you supply both the directory and the device . you would have to do the following : # mount -o remount,rw /dev/block/mtdblock4 /system or you could try the busybox mount # busybox mount -o remount,rw /system but you should always supply the device to mount , so there is no confusion or issue with mounting the wrong device .
assisted gps may cost money : it depends on your cellphone provider , and you should check with them first . see this old cnet story for more info . for vodafone , i could not find any official information online , but this thread by a user on the official forum suggests they charge a-gps data the same as any other internet access . if you are worried about the data charges , go into settings -> wireless and networks -> mobile networks , and turn off data roaming ( the names may be slightly different depending on which device and android version you have ) . while data roaming is turned off , your phone will not try to use mobile data while you are roaming ( that is , abroad ) . the gps will still work fine , but it may take longer to fix your position : maybe as long as 12 minutes , according to wikipedia . whether the app you want to use will still work without an internet connection depends on the app you are trying to use . you should probably test this before getting abroad : if it turns out you have to download and use a different app , you will not have saved any money at all !
one solution if you have a rooted phone is to install lbe privacy guard . it scans your apps for permissions that can be risky , and lets you block them on a per app basis . you can prevent apps from : making calls/sms identifying your phone via imei connecting to the internet . accessing call logs , contacts , sms inbox .
generally they do not . most games do not need sms or phone call permissions , and you should be suspect for any game that does . i am assuming this is not the same as " read phone state and identity " which this question answers .
you should take a look at the android api samples . the apidemos application is exactly what you are looking for : http://developer.android.com/resources/samples/apidemos/index.html
have you tried using a third party app to get the contacts to pc ? here is an example https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.snappea , but there are more , pick one . install it using adb and then access your phone from pc . hope it helps .
if you do not use them , there is no point in updating them . the only benefit of updating would be that they will stop giving annoying reminders to update - at least until their next update . many of these bloatware/crapware additions can not be removed without rooting the phone . however , many of them will respond to a force stop after which they will not prompt you to update until you reboot your phone . the really annoying ones are those that restart after a force stop . most updates increase the amount of memory used by the app . leave them alone if you do not want them . in terms of security updates , if the app is not running then it is not a risk .
you might consider disabling those apps ( starting with ics , that is possible for some but not all ) . this way you had solve multiple of your issues : no more update reminders app becomes unavailable , so it is no longer shown in the app drawer being disabled , they should also no longer provide an " attack vector " if that is not possible for some apps via settings  applications ( check the " all " tab there to see pre-installed apps ) , and rooting is an option , you can still freeze them with apps like titanium backup to achieve the same .
according to the galaxy player wikipedia page the differences are : galaxy player 4 ( yp-g1 ) the galaxy player 4 features a 4" super fine lcd . it had a flash internal storage of 8 gb or 16 gb that can be expanded with microsd card . galaxy player 5 ( yp-g70 ) the galaxy player 5 features a 5" tft lcd . it had a flash internal storage of 8 gb or 16 gb that can be expanded with microsd card . galaxy player 50 ( yp-g50 ) the yp-g50 model carries a 3.2" lcd tft instead of the amoled which is used by samsung in most of its phones . the screen has a 240400 resolution . it has a flash internal storage of 16 gb or 32 gb that can be expanded with a microsd card . so the main differences are the size and quality of the screen ( and the device ) , and the internal memory capacity . essentially the "50" has the smallest , worst quality screen , but ( depending which capacity you get ) has the most internal memory , the "4" and "5" are larger devices with better quality , larger screens but ( potentially ) not as much internal memory . according to another review i found : . . . 4.0 and 5.0 have almost the same specifications . . . the 4 inch version has a battery capacity of 1200mah , whereas the 5 inch version is 2500mah so the "5" has a larger battery which should last longer , though this may be offset slightly by the larger screen , and will also make the device slightly bigger and heavier than the "4" . battery life should be better than equivalent phone models ( especially if you switch off wifi when you are not using it ) , as the phone 's wireless radio is one of the largest battery hogs in the device . full size and weight specs of the devices are in the sidebar on the wikipedia page . so it looks like none of the devices are " better " than the others , they all appear to have their own benefits but are aimed at different buyers .
i am confused about these product 's name comparisons for international and us distribution . none of these galaxy player models have been released in the us . i have seen what you refer to as the galaxy player 4 and 5 labeled as galaxy s wi-fi 4 and 5 in trade show videos on youtube as well as samsung 's uk site , e.g. http://www.samsung.com/uk/consumer/tv-audio-video/mp3-digital-audio/mobile-internet-players/yp-g1cw/xeu/index.idx?pagetype=prd_detail . in mid-may , samung 's us site http://www.samsung.com/us/mobile/mp3-players/ had the galaxy player 4.0 and 5.0 listed with full specs , price and even reference to best buy as an official retailer before yanking down references to the galaxy player only a week later . very confusing . i search google daily for signs that the " galaxy player " 4 or 5 has been released in the us . however , i am uncertain as to which search terms i should use because i have seen what appears to be the same product referred to both as the " samsung galaxy player 4.0" and the " samsung galaxy s wi-fi 4.0" . does anyone have evidence indicating what samsung will be calling the " galaxy player " 4 or 5 equivalent for the us market ?
as you have not mentioned your phone related information , i can share my view . when your phone is not responding or bricked then you can use your phone pc compassion or pc suite or whatever depends on what your phone model gave you . i own sony ericsson xperia mini pro . sometime back while installing another rom the phone bricked . i googled and read lots of articles to unbrick the phone . especially xda forum helped me in unbricking the phone . sony ericsson has seus ( sony ericsson update service ) . using this we can unbrick the sony ericsson phones . i am guessing the similar kind of set up is there in all the other phones also .
i hard bricked my phone yesterday when i went to flash a custom rom . i think i was trying to flash a rom for the wrong model or something , not sure . whatever , totally bricked . i had two options as i saw it : option 1 go to at and t , play dumb , and see if they would give me a new phone . ( it worked ) since it was hard bricked , they could not even turn it on , they simply gave me a new one . my default 1-year warranty covered it . option 2 send my phone into the mobile techs . they came highly recommended and said they could unbrick a hard bricked galaxy s3 ( my specific model ) .
it is on main drive of your phone ( at lest it was in my case ) , named something like . voice . 3ga just plug in your phone to pc , an run search for . 3ga file type . hope this helps .
you probably do not have the version that includes a gsm modem . i guess you want to set up an ad-hoc local wifi network ? the non-gsm variants do not offer tethering options because there is obviously no point in tethering when the device lacks the functionality for a gsm mobile data connection . alas , some rarer use cases like set up a local wifi accesspoint without internet access or usb-tethering the wifi connection are also not possible then . only rooted devices or 3rd party firmwares like cyanogenmod offers this .
there is a 2x2 picture widget . drag it to your home screen . here 's what it would look like :
you can do this with my free app showr . with showr , you can choose a picture from another app ( such as the gallery or dropbox ) , you can take it directly with any camera app , or you can have it download from the internet and update by your schedule . showr lets you resize the widget to any size . you can also set what happens when you click on the photo widget : you might want to view the photo in the gallery , or start some other app , or launch a website . and because i am active on this site , you know it is going to be easy to get help if you need it .
so i figured this out . somewhere along the line , google moved the offline music/cache to /data/data/com.google.android.music/ .
i would suggest using iptables . you can find more about theme here - definitely take a look into simple usage example . https://help.ubuntu.com/community/internet/connectionsharing the only one problem is that iptables binary is not really built-in into android . but hey , they came up with solution already http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=444004 so you can even use the example from ubuntu help now !
the best tool for dumping partitions and devices is a unix tool called dd , which is also available with almost any linux distribution , like ubuntu . if you are running windows then you might want to try dd 's counterpart for windows - windd . it is usually : dd if=[source_inputfile] of=[sink_outputfile] warning ! these tool can do harm to your drives if used incorrectly ( if you mix up data source and sink , the source will be overwritten ) . a quote from wikipedia : it is jokingly said that dd stands for " disk destroyer " , " data destroyer " , " death and destruction " , or " delete data " , since when used for low-level operations on hard disks , a small mistake , such as reversing the if and of ( input and output ) parameters , could result in the loss of some or all data on a disk . so please , be cautious .
in gsm/cdma auto mode , the mobile uses its energy to keep updated on the network that surrounds you . that is why many people complain heavy battery useage when on gsm/cdma auto mode . in finding a cdma network it would try to switch to that network . and at this moment you experience a disconnection for few milliseconds . the ideal way would be to manual switch between the two . gsm when you are on calls and cdma when you are performing heavy data operations . if you got rooted phone you can use cyanogenmode controls to setup this effortlessly .
i had a htc desire hd and no problem connecting to my car radio ( sony xplod ) via the front usb port , provided the htc was set up to connect via ' disk drive ' . the problem i see with the s3 is that this ( or similar ) option does not exist . the radio sees the connection and tries to load but nothing happens . i could ( untried yet ) connect via the aux jack , but then i would need to cables instead of one . one step forward and 2 steps back .
i developed an app named soundabout to route audio is different scenarios . it has a media audio setting called " aux digital " that may help your situation .
yes and no . the fact that your galaxy s3 does not support mass storage mode means that you cannot play audio files stored on the s3 with the radio , like you could with a usb stick . ( if your car 's radio supports mass storage , that is . ) however , the other type of usb connection , allowing your iphone to be controlled by your car 's radio is an apple accessory connection . this is a protocol for communication between apple devices such as the ipod and iphone and accessories like your car 's radio . android currently does not support the apple accessory connection , but has it is own protocol for communication with usb accessories . it might be technically possible to create a solution for android to allow it to speak with apple accessories , but currently ( as far as i am aware ) no such solution exists .
maybe your memory can not access by your music system -- so try like this : when you plug in please check notification , may be your cell phone got in charging mode and mass storage is used by some other resource . so from notification disconnect logically your cell and then try to start play music with music play from mobile itself with connected music player system . hope it works .
as both eldarerathis and paul redert have mentioned , it seems that the usb port on your juke is designed to support two types of usb connection : 1 ) mass storage mode , where it reads an attached usb peripheral as a logical drive and searches for compatible media files , and 2 ) idevice accessory mode , where it attempts to communicate with and apple device over a proprietary protocol . cnet has an article from 2010 describing the different ways android phones can connect to a vehicle ( as of 2010 , of course ) . while most of it will tell you what you already know , i thought their compromise solution might be applicable : . . . during our testing of the 2010 acura tsx v-6 , we were able to pair our motorola droid via bluetooth for phone calls and pandora radio while using the usb port for charging . when we wanted to listen to locally stored audio , we simply mounted the usb connection and used the acuralink receiver to browse our folders . likewise , a user could do the same thing with a vehicle that has an auxiliary input and a usb connection , but no bluetooth . it is sounding like mass storage mode might not be an option for your sgsiii , but using the juke 's usb connection for power to offset the use of bluetooth for media might be a way to accomplish what you want . if you are worried about forgetting to turn off bluetooth , you could look at ways to instruct the phone to remember for you . my personal favorite is tasker , and setting up simple profiles for turning on and off bluetooth under specific conditions could be as simple as two one-line tasks .
i have been googling this problem for a few days now . it appears to be based in some startup bug wherein the launcher app scans for existing applications before the sd card ( internal or external ) is mounted . first off , use filemanager or equivalent to look at your sd card 's contents . if you see some grey icons with the app names or " com . [ appname ] " , then you are suffering from this bug . there are a variety of work-arounds posted in various forums -- too many for me to provide links here . rumor has it that ics 4.04 and jellybean may have fixed the bug . in the meantime , you might want to try link2sd and/or cautious use of tools like app2sd which promise to tell the user which apps should not be moved .
i suggest you ask carrier reps in the area you are concerned about , as i am not aware of another way to get the information you are asking for . as others have mentioned , there are many factors that go into how well a phone will pick up , let alone how it will pick up in a certain area/location . i used to work for verizon and this was a question we got a lot . what i can tell is that , at least for the location i worked at , we knew which phones picked up well and which ones did not . if we had customers that lived in the country/rural area there were certain phones we would try to steer them away from . however , if the customer was not going to be in the country then that same phone may have been fine . of course , as new phones launched we would eventually learn how they performed in different areas , so the information was constantly evolving . having to help technologically challenged customers troubleshoot signal issues was a great incentive to learn which phones worked the best ! certain phones gained reputations for being great or horrible when it came to signal . you did not want to sell an elderly customer a phone with bad reception unless you wanted them to pay you many angry visits in the near future ! all that is to say that you should spend some time asking people in the area who sell phones . i personally try not to venture into carrier stores too much , but this is one area where you may be able to get some help from carrier reps . dealing with as many phones as they do they are in a unique position to know which ones work the best in their area .
by installing a different version of cyanogenmod . android is not like windows , where you have to install each driver separately : all the drivers come integrated in the rom . sometimes , with third-party roms like cyanogenmod , they do not quite manage to integrate the drivers properly ( because only the manufacturer has all the required information ) , so you get defects like this one . if you found the problem in a stable release , release candidate , or beta of cyanogenmod , you should report it to the maintainers for your phone so they can fix it . if you have been using a nightly snapshot , do not bother , as they are expected to have serious errors and are not suitable for everyday use . upgrade to a newer release if there is one , or perhaps to an older release .
i fond a " patch " solution . basically , you must " downgrade " the video quality . to do the " downgrade " on google 's official app , follow these instructions : open a video with the youtube app . tap any place of screen to show the menu ( in landscape ) . hit the 3 dots on the top right corner . hit the settings icon to show the available resolutions of current video . select 240 or less .
as john states in his answer , a factory-reset is sufficient in most cases . i doubt a service technician would take the effort required to restore the data from your storage  though it is definitely possible . what john had in mind , however , is true : if flash storage is really wiped , all data is gone from it . it would take a highly specialized forensics expert a long time to restore at least a part of it . so unless you have the secret formula for a longevity serum stored on your device , and your service technician knows that , it is definitly not worth the trouble . if you want to be on the absolute safe side , take a look at nuke my phone resp . nuke my tablet . these tools do not simply delete your data or wipe the storage once , but they overwrite it multiple times , then wiping it , and then finalize their work by a factory-reset . i very much doubt that a single file would be restorable after that procedure . btw : always think of your external sdcard , which might not be covered by the procedure . you should better remove that and keep it with you ; the service techs do not need it anyway .
unlike standard hard drives , once flash storage is erased , it is gone . all android devices ( at least to my knowledge ) should have flash storage . if you delete something , it would be next to impossible to recover it . a factory reset will erase all of your user data unless the device is rooted and you stored it somewhere else . if the device is running stock firmware and you do a factory reset , you should be good to go ! note : it is possible that your device will not do a secure erase of your personal data . if you want to be absolutely sure that the data cannot be recovered , you should make sure to do a secure erase . after a simple secure erase ( writing over the data with all 0 's ) the data should be gone forever .
yes . going into recovery , ( normally by booting your phone while holding volume up and power button ) should do the trick . while in recovery , you should see something like factory reset . use your volume rockers to go down the menu until that option is highlighted , then press the power button to select it . hope this helps --daniel
you will need a copy of the os with the needed locale . since it is part of the os it can not be added by a simple app download or anything . you can spoof your locale string on any device but that app does not actually offer localizations beyond what shipped on your phone ; it will not translate system text ect unless your phone has those localizations native . as per the android sdk docs : note : the android platform may support more locales than are included in the sdk system image . all of the supported locales are available in the android open source project . you will have to reflash your device with a system image that has your locale ; the android open source project includes more locales but you/someone would have to actually compile them into a working system image/rom . making it work on your device is also another matter ; ideally if your manufacturer has another official rom out there with the locale on it you want , you should find that rom and use it . unfortunately i do not know of any sites that have roms by supported locale .
launcherpro preferences notes : here 's one to get us started that i took from fede 's forum post . it opens up the launcherpro preferences screen . form fields : action : android . intent . action . main package name : com . fede . launcher class name : com . fede . launcher . launcherpreferencesactivity
assume you are using the android file transfer program from http://www.android.com/filetransfer as that is the best way to transfer files on osx . if you just drag files into that directory it opens by default , the files might not show . on the " android file transfer " app choose the " download " directory which is the best place to store a file , then drag files into that directory . this directory is accessible by all programs that have access to the internal storage .
usually , when the apk states " package invalid " , that means , either the package is corrupted or the application at the most , targets the version above the currently running android on your handset , up to the latest and greatest version of android , in other words , the minimum version of android was probably raised above it . for example : an application that targets android 4 , ice cream sandwich , if the minimum version is gingerbread ( android 2.3.7 ) , and the maximum version is jellybean ( android 4.1 ) , it is compatible from gingerbread , honeycomb , ice cream sandwich and jellybean . if that was attempted to be installed on either eclair ( android 2.1 ) or froyo ( android 2.2 ) as in the case of the op 's question , you will get that message . tl:dr ; the application is incompatible with the currently running version of android .
i do not know much about the android debug bridge , but i guess hard reset ( simple ) can do the trick for you . i have a solution with me right now , actually i had some sort of issues on my gs2 , so i bookmarked the forum where i had found the solution , here it have a look:- http://howmobile.net/samsung/2150-how-hard-reset-samsung-galaxy-s2.html it worked like a charm for me and i hope will do the same for you and other who are looking for a galaxy s2 hard reset procedure . thanx
you cannot issue adb remount unless your handset is rooted , which is why it failed in your case a la " remount failed : operation not permitted " . there is an answer to how to root the galaxy s2 .
sms message concatenation seems to be a function of your phone 's network technology ( cdma/gsm ) , the sms application 's support for the standard , and the message 's origination/destination carrier combination . some carriers do not like long messages ( over 160 characters ) coming from other carriers and will not allow the correct message headers through to your phone , meaning your phone can not piece things together . a quick pulse of opinion on the issue also seems to indicate that cdma networks are worse at transmitting concatenated messages , although the facts look to lean more toward the idea that cdma was just behind the standards adoption curve . your phone , of course , also has to know what to do with a long message when it sees one ; mileage will vary . personally , when my dinc was stock it was very obviously up to verizon to decide to give me a long message in one big piece - long messages from friends on other carriers were the only ones not concatenated . now that i am on miui the built-in sms app seems to do better at it , but i do not text like i used to so i can not say for sure . i recommend trying various sms apps , but you may be stuck under forces you can not control . tl ; dr - many factors play into how long sms messages are displayed on your phone . ( info gathered from wiki pedia , research , blogs , and forum posts , among other places )
well , for me androids default sms app does that transparently ( i use 2.3 ) . . for example if i send an sms 200 characters long , it will send it as 2 sms messages , but if i try to read the message it will look as if it is only one message . the " sent " icon will appear only after my phone gets " delivered " reports from all the sms messages sent . a few times i did this with sms 700+ characters long , no problem . i do not use handcent anymore because it became to slow for my phone , but when i did , i remember it had an option to either send them all together or to split them . it even had the option to send them as mms if the message contained more than 3 sms worth of characters . edit : to correct my answer - handcent also merged incoming messages .
i am confused what you are looking for . sms messages are no longer then 160 characters . if you type a message longer then that , sms apps , like the " core " sms app , or handcent show then like they are 1 message , but , in the background , they are still sent as multiple messages . if you send a message that is 170 characters , you are sending 2 sms messages . one that is 160 , and one that is 10 .
in latest version of gmail you can specify notifications based on labels . create a filter in gmail 's web interface and assign it to a label . on your android device , open the gmail app , press menu key and go to More -&gt; Settings tap on your account , scroll down and tap on the " sync inboxes and labels " option . tap on the label you created in step 1 , and change the preference to " sync last 4 days " or " sync all . " go back one step , scroll down and tap on the " labels to notify " option . tap on the label name from step 1 , and set the notification options to your liking ( custom ringtone , vibration , etc . )
you can use one trick . use filters in gmail to put a label on the message with that particular word . now in gmail app go to settings -> notifications . you will see option to set notification as per the label .
assuming you installed clockworkmod recovery via rom manager app ( or manually ) , you can do the following : install the appbrain and fast web installer apps . run appbrain , sign in with your google account , enable the fast web installer from settings , and perform a sync . download the rom installation zip for miui and place it onto your sd card . reboot your phone to recovery mode , scroll down to " backup and restore " , go in , and select the " backup " option . this will write an image of your phone onto your sd card . os , your apps and settings will be saved . perform a full wipe of your device from recovery by doing a " wipe data/factory reset " , " wipe cache partition " , and " advanced -> wipe dalvik cache " . select " install zip from card " option , and then " choose zip from sdcard " to flash the rom zip that you downloaded in step 2 . optionally , flash the gapps package , and any other files ( refer to the rom 's instructions . ) once the installation is completed reboot the phone , add your google account , and set up the system to your lining ( do not download any 3rd-party apps yet . ) open the market app , install appbrain and fast web installer again , and sign in . open the appbrain app , and enable fast web installer in settings again . while still inside the appbrain app , go to " manage and sync " , press the menu button , select the " more lists . . " option . pick the list that was created for you in step 1 , and press the " add all apps " button . this will queue up all the missing apps that you had installed on the previous rom . go back once , and tap the " execute " button . after verifying the permissions , tap the install button . this will automatically download and re-install your apps . once the apps are installed , configure them to your liking . reboot back into recovery , perform another backup , and reboot the phone normally . open the rom manager app , and tap on " manage and restore backups . " you should see a list consisting of the 2 backups you just made , sorted chronologically . rename the first backup to " cm7" , and the second to " miui " . you can now easily switch from cm7 to miui by simply restoring the corresponding backup . keep in mind that if you change anything on either rom , you will need to perform another backup so that your changes are saved .
google reader allows choice of external program ( via intent ) to play audio .
to export keys from juicessh ( either private or public ) : load up juicessh and go to connections swipe right to the identities list long press the identity you want to export the key for select either " export public key " or " export private key " this will bring up a " share " dialog that will let you save the key to clipboard/gmail/dropbox etc . thanks paul ( juicessh developer )
if you have " avoid poor connections " enabled in your xperia 's wifi settings , try turning it off : Settings &gt; WiFi &gt; Advanced &gt; Avoid poor connections 
it refers to anything that is peculiar to the android platform or its software stack , any behavior , quirk , style , or ui thingy characteristic of android .
factory-resetting twice is pointless . the first factory reset will already wipe all user data : the second will not delete anything that was not already deleted by the first . encrypting the device is also a waste of time , because you have already factory-reset the device . it might make some sense if you were the seller of the phone , and you wanted to overwrite the internal storage several times to make sure the buyer could not recover your data , but that is the opposite of what you want . a single factory reset will delete all the user data , giving you a clean slate . if you are worried about the previous owner having left a backdoor in the os , then ensure the bootloader is locked and flash the stock rom yourself . this way you are sure to have a clean os . if you suspect the buyer has enough skill to backdoor the bootloader so that it will also make changes to the new os as you flash it , and also disable signature verification so that it will still boot but looks like the bootloader is locked , then just do not buy a phone from them . if you think they are that good , and that desperate to get hold of your data , then they will find a way around whatever you do . you just can not trust the device at all in that case .
this answer shows that you can capture touch input from the raw device ( `/dev/input/event2' ) to a file , and then play it back whenever you like . you could then automate an event to play back the captured touch input each time you want to scroll .
i have done this and was a bit worried about the low internal memory that is left . i added the app " app2sd " from the marketplace and it looks at your apps and tells you which can be saved on the sd card instead of the internal memory . this has meant that almost all of my apps have now been moved onto the sd card , freeing up space in the memory for apps that can not be moved .
quite a few people dual boot nook colors ( internal vs sd card ) . take a look at this xda thread on running cm7 on the sd card ( for the nook color ) and this thread about booting from sd card performance . in short , it really depends on the read/write abilities of the sd card you use . a crappy sd card is going to give crappy performance . ( sorry for the specifics to nook color , but in general , it should be similar )
hey guys im running android on my sd card on the htc hd 2 without a single glitch but after trying out several builds of android . i finally got one that works just fine and i have not had any problems with it running on my sd card . performance and speed is super . all my mails are poped ( thats three mails ) . im really happy with it . and like bryan said it also depends on the read/ write speed of your sd card and he is right coz i had that exact problem i used a bad sd card till i got a proper one . so the sd card quality really daz matta too .
i installed nexushd yesterday on my hd2 with datatoext and must say , it is not slower but at least a bit faster than before , when i installed it only on nand ( internal space ) . but the performance depends on the class of the sd card . if you have an sdcard greater than class 6 you are good to go , beneath there , you should buy a better one ( 8gb class 10 is really cheap , even the top manufacturer ) . but you should format your card for that . to know how , use this tutorial : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=916464
for what i understand from your question , you have the android rom installed on the internal memory of your phone and you are running out of space . if this is the case , have you tried to partition the sd card and use some tool like s2e to increase the amount of available memory without moving the rom to the sd card ? in my case i have a phone with 512mb of internal rom and when i install a custom rom , it leaves me about 100mb to install applications . in order to increase this amount of available rom space for applications i partitioned the sd in 2 primary partitions , one 512mb ext3 and one fat with the rest of the space on the sd card . with the partitions and the phone rooted i installed an app called s2e that allows your phone to use the ext3 partition on your sd card to install applications . with this configuration i maintain the base system ( android and google applications ) on the main rom of the phone , while all other applications are installed on the ext3 partition of the sd card , giving me more room for applications and avoiding the inconvenient of having to move all the android system to sd card .
i have run android from nand and from the sd card . in general performance was better running from nand . however i was recently using american android on sd and performance was fine . sense based roms still seem to drag running from sd but non sense roms now seem ok . you can test it out without blowing away your current install . just download a magldr rom , put it in the android folder on the sd card , reboot into magldr and tell it to boot android from sd . also , use a quality sd card , not a no-name one . makes a big difference .
according to this article there is a dev over at xda by the name of darkstone1337 who built a custom rom built on android 2.2 which is designed to run entirely from a htc hd2 's ram . they claim it is super fast . i know it is not precisely what you are looking for , but i would read into that and give it a shot if you are so inclined .
yes , using airplane mode will reduce power drain , as the commentors have already answered . but this approach can not be considered call standby , because you will not receive calls . from the point of view of cellular operator , your phone behaves exactly as if shut down . switching to airplane mode shuts down the cellular connection , including voice and data , but it also turns off wi-fi and bluetooth . note that you can turn any of them on in airplane mode , but this will put extra load on the battery . except from radio , the major power consumer is the screen . actually , typically it uses much more power than all the radios together . if you want to keep running longer , set brightness to minimum , set " screen off " timeout to minimum , and avoid turning the screen too often . if you have an amoled device , e.g. galaxy nexus , the display power request depends on the actual brightness of the screen . if you choose a darker theme , or switch your book reader to " night mode " , you can reduce the battery drain . of all colors except black , red uses the least power . see description of a special app that boasts battery life improvement by applying color filter and adjusting the brightness : http://www.azzamtranslator.com/lux-auto-brightness-manual-or-auto-screen-brightness-adjustments-according-to-time-or-environment/ . note that airplane mode does not disable gps . gps is not running on its own , so disabling it in location settings will not effect the battery life , but if some app , like maps or camera decides to check your location too often , this may become very significant . without cellular or wi-fi , gps can actually need even more power , because it will not have the crude location estimate to begin from . other than that , any app that runs in background can wake the cpu up and consume more power . use a task manager to shut down applications that you do not need in your " standby " mode . this is especially important if you decide not to switch to airplane mode , because the apps in background can not usually do much if they do not have access to internet . if you choose not to switch to airplane mode , there are other things you should be aware of . turn off system synch and turn off cellular data . set "2g only " if this is available on your phone and on your network . shut down any unused background apps . do not wake the screen up too often . finally , android includes a nice utility ( in settings/battery ) that displays power consumption by different components of the system , in percent : many system tools available on the play store feature similar or improved versions of this monitor .
the bbc released statements about their support for android with iplayer back in june : bbc iplayer on mobile : a new version and adobe flash 10.1 streaming on all android 2.2 phones and bbc iplayer on android update . this all boils down to saying that their current strategy for mobiles is to offer a mobile optimised version of their flash site , and not to create individual apps for every smartphone out there . i am also a flash-less fan of bbc radio and tv ( though in a better position than you as my manufacturer and carrier have announced that 2.2 is coming very soon ) , i had beebplayer on my previous android phone and it is sorely missed now . for the moment i just subscribe to the podcasts of the shows i am interested in ( and luckily most of mine are available as podcasts ) using the google listen podcast app , this does have the benefit that they work without cutting out while i am on the tube ! edit : going through the comments on some more recent articles on the bbc internet blog i have discovered an app called myplayer it seems to offer access to ( as far as i can tell ) the full iplayer tv and radio library with both streaming and downloads for later viewing/listening . picture quality does not seem quite as good as i remember from beebplayer , so presumably its using a different stream . anyway it is there and seems to work , grab it before " aunty " spots it ! newer edit : the bbc have released an official iplayer app , called bbc iplayer though this is really just a flash wrapper around the mobile version of the website and does require a wifi connection before it will play most content .
it sounds like you need a podcatcher . i use beyondpod which costs $7 but there are many free ones in the market ( try searching the market for podcast or podcatcher ) . it will allow you to subscribe to a specific bbc show 's podcast feeds then download or stream each episode . this works with audio and video ( although i do not think bbc supports video podcasts anymore ) . i subscribe to several bbc radio podcasts including " the interview " and " one planet " and there is one annoying quirk i have noticed : unlike many other podcast providers , the bbc only offers the most recent show for download . you can not download old shows , but once you get set up you can have you podcatcher automatically download each episode and then you can get several weeks behind but have ll the episodes downloaded to your phone .
i have not tried it , but perhaps tunein radio will do what you want ? it appears to be internet streams of actual radio stations , i am sure you can find one that streams bbc . they have a listing of stations here by location : http://radiotime.com/region/c_0/browse_locations.aspx
i have noticed this with dolphin as well , but in my findings it is not actually refreshing the page , rather i think it is reloading the cached content of the page . i am pretty sure this is whats going on because at work we have a guest wireless system that requires authentication . when i connect my phone to it and browse i have to login with credentials at a landing page . this page does not come up right away after opening dolphin browser , even though i sit and wait for dolphin to load up the page . i have to hit refresh and then i am redirected to the landing page to login . i hunted for a cache setting that may improve this annoyance , but did not find one . we might have to wait for an update to the app . update : this should help solve the problem for root users , i say help because there still may be some refreshing that occurs . the problem : android is set to offload the browser cache from memory to the local partition ( where apps are stored ) when you leave the browser . this is because most android phones still do not have much space in the partition where apps and such are installed . my evo only has 400mb of space . my best guess is that android was set to work this way because originally phones did not have much space to work with . no that is becoming less of an issue . possible solutions : for rooted users only : download swapper2 . from what i have read in other forums , this makes a huge difference in how often the browser offloads cache to the local partition . and users have reported it makes a big difference . set dolphin browser to store cache on the sd card . maybe if the browser does not have to wait for cache to be shuffled around it wont refresh as much , or if it does still refresh , maybe it will take less time . what did i do ? i installed swapper2 and wow . it really works . now i can open dolphin and not have to wait for refresh . finally ! !
very simple solution is available . i also faced same problem . i uninstalled virtually everything but no help . i could not even get sms . finally got a very simple solution . here are the steps open keypad type *#9900# dial choose " copy to sd " from sysdump menue ( make sure sd has enough space , upgrade or delete music or any . . . ) you will get " copy success " now u can install software
first a little explanation on the storage ( you might also check the tag wiki of the storage tag for a short introduction ) : why can not i use the free space available at /system ? the /system partition holds the often so-called " rom " , i.e. the android core system ( including the pre-installed apps , see bloatware ) . by default , it is mounted read-only for several reasons ( including " security " , so no app can tamper with anything here -- and the user cannot accidentally render the system unusable ) . this is also why a factory reset will present you with a " virgin system": it will not touch this read-only partition . being mounted read-only makes it clear you cannot write things onto this partition -- which answers the question why you cannot make use of the " free space " it has . you might wonder why a read-only partition then is not " sized appropriately " -- but it is : it just takes into consideration that additional space might be needed for a system update . future android versions might ( and most likely will ) need more space , also providers might want to add more bloatware . . . why is there so little space at /data ? to put it in simple words : 180mb is all that was left after taking away the ~200mb for /system . the galaxy mini s5570 is not a high-end device . and before you ask : no there is nothing you can do to increase the amount of overall storage available to /data ( at least nothing easy -- though some geeks might think of creating a bigger partition on the sdcard and mount it as /data , this is nothing simple and also not without side-effects ) . what can be done ? nothing much . if your device is rooted , you could think of using a bigger sdcard ( your device supports up to 32gb ) , and moving stuff over there with things like link2sd or even data2sd . you can regularly clear your apps ' caches and do some other cleanup . or you can simply go for a new device which offers more storage ( and more ram , and a faster cpu ) . i know it is not very satisfying that a device , just being 2 years old ( the s5570 was released to the market in february 2011 ) already is unable to keep up with daily needs . but unfortunately , 180mb storage ( and 384mb ram ) really is not much to play around . . . so all that currently remains is to refer you to the most faqs of the " insufficient storage " tag to find a solution until you can get yourself a new device . see especially : how can i get rid of the low disk space notification ? what can i do to manage my phone 's internal storage ? how can i deal with low on space messages on my htc incredible ? how can i free up more space on my android ( 2.2 froyo ) phone ? insufficient storage when trying to install new app
it is usually safe to restore non-system apps and their data across different android versions with titanium backup . i would not try to restore a honeycomb-specific app on a previous os version though , as the app itself may be incompatible due to radical changes between 3 . x and earlier os versions . restoring system apps and data is very unsafe . you can introduce instabilities to your device , due to changes in the way system data is handled between major os versions of android . if you are using titanium , i assume your device is rooted , since otherwise you would not be able to backup app data . if you also have a custom recovery installed ( e . g . clockworkmod ) i would highly recommend doing a full backup of the device , in case something goes wrong .
there is a tutorial on how to activate offline voice typing on jelly bean which you could follow . here 's an excerpt : open the system settings of the device . go to language and placing . make a tap on voice search . now do a tap on download ricon . voc . offline . with a swype moved all tab and select your language , it will begin the download of the package . eventually the card installed will appear . now you should be able to use voice input in offline mode . just in case , here are several additional howtos : how to : enable offline voice typing in all jelly bean android devices download and install google now with voice search ( stable version ) on galaxy s3 . from the first " additional link " , the description looks a bit different : go to settings go to languages and input check if the language is selected as english ( us ) . if not , then set it . in the inputs , look if the option google voice typing is checked . if not , then check it . select the gear icon beside the google voice typing . this will take you to the voice typing settings . in the choose input language , uncheck automatic and select english ( us ) . below , in the download offline speech recognition option , select english ( us ) . after the download completes , close the settings . go anywhere for typing , like messaging . select the little gear icon in the bottom left area . this will give the option of selecting voice typing . speak out your words clearly and the device will type it out even if internet connection is inactive . you should be able to do this with other languages as well ( e . g . english ( uk ) ) -- just make sure they match in all places .
if those problems started right away after the update : did the update process include a factory-reset ? if not ( and nothing else helps ) , this might be your chance : backup all things you can backup ( luckily on jb that is not too big an issue , see full backup of non-rooted devices -- but i recommend to have all your apps into separate packages , as otherwise a full restore might bring back your problems ) . then do a factory-reset . before restoring anything , check if your problems are gone . then restore your apps one-by-one ( just to make sure to not bring back the problem ) . as for the backup process : check with helium - app sync and backup , this is the easiest way to go . you can mark all your apps , make sure to check that .apk files are included ( by default , helium only backups data ) , and give it a go . helium creates separate backup archives per-app , so you can restore them separately . make a copy of the backup folder to your pc , just in case -- if restoring via helium should fail for any reason , this still gives you the chance to use adb restore via usb . background : it might very well be that some settings got messed up on update . a factory-reset will erase all your apps and data , plus the dalvik-cache ( optimized app code -- this might be the culprit if it does not 100% match the new android version ) , so all settings revert to " default " . your android system rom ( jellybean ) will not be reverted to what you had before , so no worries for that : )
while the games services are a background service that comes as part of the standard google services , google have recently released a new google play games app that centralizes your list of games into one launcher and ( for games that support the new game services ) also shows and syncs achievements between devices .
end users do not need to install anything from their side . google play services apk in your device would have already been updated to support gaming ( you can manually install/update google play services framework if something 's wrong ) . just find a game which uses game services api and enjoy !
the new game features announced at i/o 2013 are enhancements to google play services . google play services is a framework that allows app developers to take advantage of standardized google services like maps , google+ , and the new game services . it is up to app developers to implement changes and new features to these services , so you will need a current version of google play services and applications that take advance of the new stuff ( riptide gp was advertised as an app taking advantage of the new cloud save and achievement services , for example ) . google play services is updated automatically in the background and is normally installed on android devices by default ( if they are allowed access to the play store by google ; your s3 , in its stock configuration , is ) . if for some reason you are missing it , though , you can download it from the play store here .
android 's shell will support a limited amount of unix-style shell scripting . it specifically should have a shell at /system/bin/sh that you can use , however : the shell provided with android has a severely restricted set of commands available to it . if you want to do anything even remotely complex you will need a busybox install ( or another shell ) . it is generally pretty rare for android apps to provide any kind of command line interface or binaries . i very much doubt that sugarsync , for example , allows you to perform a sync from the command line . if you want a bit of a gui you may want to look at something like gscript .
there are a few android apps that are able to control other android apps , and can chain several commands together using their gui in a similar way to a script , they both have plugins to extend their support to many popular android apps and functions . tasker and locale are probably the most famous of these ( see here for some comparison ) but there are also other similar ( free ) apps that you could look at .
just a note - i recently noticed that the gv app setting Receive text messages \u2192 Via the message app no longer duplicates the message locally on your phone as described in the original answer . instead , it simply toggles the gv inbox setting Receive text messages on this phone . i verified this by : enabling the feature via the web ( gv inbox ) noting that it was enabled in the gv app settings selecting " via the google voice app " from the gv app settings refreshing the gv inbox webpage and noting the forwarding feature was now unselected .
i think you might be misunderstanding how gv handles messages . receiving messages : when someone sends an sms to your gv number it is received by google and placed in your gv inbox - the setting you mention does not change that functionality , so either way you choose to have the app configured your gv sms messages will still be available in the gv app ( and , of course , your gv inbox in the cloud ) . if you do not have a data connection then you will get gv sms messages delivered to your phone as soon as you have a data/wifi connection and your inbox is synced . even if you set the gv app to Receive text messages &gt; Also via the messaging app you will still only receive the messages when your gv inbox is synced - you will just also get the messages duplicated in your default sms app . confusingly , you can also have your gv inbox setup to send sms copy of the messages your gv number receives to your mobile 's number using your carrier 's sms system . this is not necessary if you have the gv app on your android phone and want to use data/wifi to receive messages . i advise turning this setting off in your gv inbox web interface : Settings &gt; Phones &gt; [Mobile Phone] then uncheck Receive text messages on this phone . you will still receive texts sent to your gv number on your phone , just via the gv app using data/wifi and not your default sms app using your carrier 's sms . sending messages : first , the easier stuff : to send a text message from your gv number using data/wifi make sure to use the gv app on your phone to compose and send messages . to send a text message from your mobile number using your carrier 's sms make sure to use the default sms app on your phone . now , the harder stuff : if you have Receive text messages &gt; Also via the messaging app set in the gv app , you will see the same text messages in both your gv app and your default sms app . please note that this is a slightly different condition than having Receive text messages on this phone set for your mobile phone in your gv inbox , even though the end result looks the same . given this condition : if you reply using the gv app you will reply from your gv number over data/wifi . if you reply using the default sms app you will reply from your gv number over your carrier 's sms ( this is just as if gv sent your mobile an sms copy and you replied to it on a non-smart phone ) . i suspect some combination of the above settings and usage scenarios is causing your problem , and that by simply changing some settings or your habits ( or both ) will result in the behavior you are looking for . edit : to help with confusion i have drawn a quick flowchart :
the ui is a little different than before , and instead of the tabs all fitting on the screen , you have to scroll to the left or right to see some of them instead . the " all " tab in the apps menu is off to the right of the screen . simply pull the tabs left , and the " all " tab will be shown . from there , it is the same as always for clearing app data .
add the power control widget ( available by default in android 2.1+ for most phones ) or a similar wi-fi toggle app to your home screen . ( long press on the home screen , widget , power control . ) that usually fixes it for me .
whenever you root your device , you are adding root access to the current os . if you just perform the factory reset , it will retain root ( as this just deletes user data ) , but if you restore the stock image , it will completely wipe the os and will put the system back as htc intended it ( which would remove root ) . you would then need to re-root the device .
speaking of gparted , i assume you have a linux computer available . so steps to be performed are quite simple -- speaking of an external sdcard : unmount the card from your android device , and take it out put it into a card reader , attach it to your linux computer . mount it there . copy all contents into an empty directory on your linux machine . from the command line , you can use the cp command for that to ensure everything is copied : cp -a &lt;/path/to/source&gt; &lt;/path/to/target&gt; ( replace &lt;/path/to/source&gt; with where you have mounted the card , and &lt;/path/to/target&gt; with your empty directory 's path ; for details on the cp command , run man cp or see its man-page on the net ) optional : check that everything was copied fine . if there were no errors displayed in the previous step , it should have worked fine . if your card has multiple partitions containing data , repeat the previous two steps for each of them . use gparted ( or whatever tool of your preference ) to drop and re-create partitions as needed , and re-create the file systems repeat steps 3-5 , reverting source and target ( to get your data back on the sdcard ) unmount your sdcard , safely remove it from the computer , put it back into your android device , and enjoy ! if everything went fine , and all data is available on your device as hoped , optionally remove the " backup directories " created in step 3 . job done : )
my not-so-great solution ended up like this : clockworkmod , installed with odin according to the instructions ( odin seems to be slightly un-official so you are unfortunately always downloading from someone 's box or google drive , which is a bit uncomfortable ) adb shell , ( on pc : install java sdk , install android development kit ) mount the sd card with cwm in the shell , using dd to clone the unmountable partitions i wanted onto the sd , for later recovery using cwm to mount the sd as a usb drive , moving the piece-of-partition to the pc repeat download fresh firmware from sammobile and flash with odin still to do : mount the partitions and go hunting for data there
if gravitybox is not working for you , i would try another xposed mod called wanam xposed . it is similar to gb in the sense that you can modify all kinds of different parts of your phone using it , but wanam is a lot better when it comes to modifying the status bar , in my opinion .
do a system wipe and reinstall . this significantly sped up my sensation .
this application would solve your problem geo tag photos this system uses the phone to track the time and location and then you upload your photos from the dslr to a website and the site will help you geo tag your photos based on your phone 's information . basically the phone keeps track of where you are and sends the info to the site and then when you upload the photos the site matches the timestamps on the photos with locations .
just make sure you sync the time on phone and camera . you can edit time in your . gpx files later , if needed , but it can take some time . in case you have had different time on your camera and gps , you can use command line utility exiftool for time shifting . for your convienience , there is also a gui frontend for that tool .
i was looking for a similar solution . does this help ? update : in short , use mytrack app on android to generate a gpx log and then use gpicsync to use that log to geotag your pics .
gps essentials app will let you set waypoints of you location , so you could set a waypoint when you take a picture . you could then use software like geotag to tag your images on your computer when you get home .
i have to agree with gathrawn , that using gmail to transfer your contacts and calender items is probably the best way . but there is an imho easier solution to get your data from the nokia phone to gmail : nokia 's mail for exchange together with google sync . google provides a couple of help topics to get you going .
by far the easiest way to transfer anything contacts related to an android phone is via gmail . when i moved from an old nokia phone to my android htc magic about a year ago , i downloaded and installed the nokia suite of tools for my phone from the nokia website , installed them , copied my contacts into the nokia suite app on the pc , then did an export from the nokia suite contacts app to a csv file . i remember seeing the noklia-only nbu format as an optin , but if you are in the contacts-only part of the suite it should also allow the csv export ( as this is also the easiest way to do a one-off import to other apps like outlook ) . at that point you can go into gmail , click the contacts link , then at the top you should see an " import " option , use that to upload your csv file . all that you should lose from this is the contact 's photos , but you can easily back up your contact 's photos from the nokia suite , and then just upload them to gmail one by one , or alternatively let android on the phone sync with facebook , etc and pull the contacts photos from there itself . you might find that if you already had some people in your gmail address book that you will have a few duplicates now , just tick the relevant contacts in gmail and select " merge these contacts " . for content , such as photos or music , which are probably just files on the nokia 's sd memory card , the easiest way is to attach the phone to a pc , select data storage/transfer mode on the phone , then open the sd card drive on the pc , drag all the relevant files onto the pc , then attach android phone , mount sd card and drag all the content into the relevant folders on the android 's sd card . as for messages , do you mean sms/mms text messages ? as far as i know there are not easy ways to transfer those between phone os 's at all ( unless you are already doing something like sync'ing them to gmail ) .
samsung create an app called samsung smart switch mobile , it support transfer data from nokia to samsung mobiles . you can have a try although your phone is not samsung . wondershare software named mobiletrans also can transfer data from nokia to android . they can both transfer contacts , messages , photos and videos to android .
as already pointed out in above comments , there are multiple questions on this site offering parts of the solution you might need : how do i transfer all my data to a new phone ? the answer there already covers contacts and text messages , and works even without root . how to transfer apps , contacts and settings between two identical phones ? currently has three answers . #1 should cover most of the data exposed via android 's own apis ( so called service-providers ) , again without root . #2 covers some more areas , again not requiring root . #3 then mentions a very helpful app , which requires root : titanium backup  root . i would recommend you taking the payed version of the last mentioned app . while 5 bucks may sound a lot in terms of an android app , you will not ever regret having spend them . tibu was one of the first apps i have bought years ago , and i am still a happy user . using this app , you not only can backup all your apps including their data , but all your messages , contacts , call logs , and whatsnots . even the system settings go along . provided you get back the very same device running the very same android version , you simply can go ahead and batch-restore everything ( pro only ; with the free version , you need to do this manually for each item ) . but even if you switch to a different device or android version : restoring your apps+data goes the very same . just with system apps and their data ( including your apns , wifi hotspots , contacts , text messages , etc . ) you need to take special care . tibu offers a " migration mode " , which i strongly recommend in that case ; but still , some extra care cannot hurt : for your user apps+data , use the batch mode -- no problems to expect there . but for the just mentioned system stuff , better restore items one-by-one using the migration mode , and then check if everything works fine ( even a reboot in between might be required , e.g. after restoring your text messages , contacts , and the like , as android does not expect them coming that way ) . it is just in case . and if something seems " botched " , remember what you restored last -- then do a factory-reset , batch-restore all apps , restore everything up to the point before the " botched " item , and skip to the next . i do not expect any trouble that way . but in case it comes ( thanks to murphy 's law ) , you are welcome to ask that in a new question , giving the details , and we will do our best to help you again .
there are different standards for headset plugs , and sony has started using the ctia layout for it is smartphones since 2012 . i could not find the official documentation on the differences , but it is pretty well explained here ( in german , but the pictures speak for themselves ) . the gist is , on regular headsets the order of the pins is ground-mic-right-left , but on ctia it is mic-ground-right-left . to get regular headsets working , you will have to use an adapter , but if i am understanding this correctly , headphones ( that is , without a microphone ) should work normally .
you can try nokia 's headphones . i think they will work with them .
first , make sure that your contacts from your old phone were saved as google contacts . you can do that by going to : http://www.google.com/contacts from any computer and login in with the google account you used on your old phone . if your contacts are there - you are in luck . just add this google account to your new phone and the contacts will be synced .
yes , it will be there just login with your google id and check the contacts app
yes to both of your questions . once you attempt to sync your phone to gmail , it should ask you if you want to import contact from your google account . that said , if you exported your contacts from your previous phone , then you will be able to retrieve them on any android device .
you can do this by clicking on the arrow on the extreme right of the items you want to save cick export and save it to a selected place on your sdcard
for the 2nd point , you can copy or move the downloaded dropbox files in another folder before uninstalling the application . take your favorite file manager and do it .
when you go to menu , press view type and select customizable grid . now you can see an edit button as mentioned by several posts
long press the icons and you will be able to move or remove them .
i believe this will fix it : go to settings , language and input , google or android keyboard settings then untick the box next to " sound on keypress " .
if you press the buttons exactly the same way ( maybe iphone buttons send shorter/longer signals than android ones ) and the pins are connected the same way ( maybe not ) , then perhaps your wire is defective . see whether it stops working if you bend or twist the wire a certain way .
i have a moto x also and i recently bought the qc20 . commands with main button did not work ( neither did the micro btw ) so i installed klitch control and still it did not work . then , i looked around and changed the audio settings . i turned the audio effects off , and then it started working . . . ( why ? do not know ) i uninstalled klitch control and it is still working . i have even put the audio effects back on and the button still works . . hope this helps . edit 05/09 hey guys , it stopped working almost directly . today i took care of it , and i finally managed to have something working ( and free ) : headset button controllertrial app . it fixed everything : micro ok , switch ok , only thing you can not change is the long press action which is reserved on android phones for google now . . enjoy your qc20 !
you can turn off automatic update checking by pressing menu and than settings in the play store . you can then manually go to my apps to update them . this will not greatly increase the work you have to do , because even if there is a notification once a week it would still require you to confirm the updates . there is no option however to change the frequency of the automatic updates .
if you go into settings and check " auto-update apps " it will download and install the updates without prompting you . if you are worried about data usage , also check " update over wi-fi only " . i have had my phone set this way for a while now , as i too got tired of constantly having updates to accept . as dylan yaga pointed out , if an apps update changes its permissions , you will still be prompted to update it manually , although this does not occur very often .
as long as your android device supports usb keyboards at all , any usb keyboard will work . many android devices do not support working as a usb master device ( due to hardware limitations ) , but running android on a raspberry pi should work fine as its usb ports are fully-featured .
i found a post on xda that suggests you have to hold home + power till the device starts and shows the samsung symbol , then let go . holding it till " samsung " appears is very important ! this worked for my galaxy ace gt5830 .
sorry to say this , but if it will not go into download mode then your only hope would be to take into a service centre to get it repaired . they would most likely charge you if you are rooted or have a custom rom installed . apologies for the bad news !
plug it into your computer and see if by some offshoot chance you have adb available . if so , run a adb -d reboot-bootloader to reboot into download mode . if that is unavailable , you are sol and will have to have samsung repair it . honestly , if it is hard bricked , you are better off buying a new phone . . .
finally success tried above steps . trying to connect a nexus 7 to win7-64 . the device in the computer management/device manager/portable devices , used to say nexus 7 , now it says mtp usb device and has the ! with this device cannot start . ( code 10 ) . http://pcsupport.about.com/od/findbyerrormessage/a/code-10-error.htm essentially , this means uninstalling all devices and reinstalling them . i did that with my three other devices and the nexus7 . there was a usb hub that had those three plugged in , so i just unplugged the whole hub . replugged nexus7 to usb , it found it ( when i went to disk management and did a rescan ) . once nexus7 was recognized , i plugged the hub back in and all was well again .
what worked for me ( on windows ) was : plug the nexus 7 into your computer with the usb cable . open device manager : start -> run ( or win + r ) , type in : devmgmt.msc and hit enter . this opens up the device manager . find " android composite adb device " near the top and expand the node . double click on the device . ( note : sorry , i do not see it anymore so it might be named slightly differently . ) in the properties window that pops up , uninstall the driver . you should choose to delete the current driver as well . unplug the tablet and plug it back in . at this point mine got recognized as a nexus 7 instead of an android adb device and allowed me to transfer files again . i am not sure how this will affect debugging ( especially if you delete the old driver ) but it worked for me after days of searching .
try enabling usb debugging in developer options . it worked for me .
i kept on getting " this device cannot start . ( code 10 ) . " and after hours of repeatedly reinstalling drivers all it took to fix the problem was rebooting the actual phone . in summary : do not assume windows is at fault , it could be the phone . try rebooting it after installing new drivers .
i had the same happening even to me . i ended up getting it to work by going to the device manager and uninstalling the device ( it was showing up as samsung phone ) . then i unplugged it , plugged it back in and it was installed again automatically , working fine and showing up in mtp mode as nexus 10 .
this bug happens in some cases when upgrading . i fixed mine by changing quickly between mtp and camera with the usb unplugged , then i put it back to mtp again and it worked fine when i plugged the usb back in to change these settings go to settings> storage then click the little menu button in the top right corner and click usb computer conntection .
you need to have the manifest . xml of the apk . if you rename the . apk to a . zip you can open it . hopefully you can read the manifest else you need to decompile the apk ( lots of tutorials online ) then you need to lookup the intents it listens to and use that . or use the component name and launch it explicitly . how to do this in tasker is unknown to me , to do it programmaticly : Intent intent = new Intent(); intent .setComponent(new ComponentName("com.package.name","com.package.name.activity")); startActivity(intent); 
if your device is rooted , you can install autorun manager from the market ( for just looking up the listeners , the free version will do as well ) . use its advanced mode -- and there it will list up all apps which have listeners ( which listen to intents ) . tap the app you want to investigate , and all of its registered intent listeners are shown . now you can even disable the ones which annoy you ( e . g . google maps service listener on network change to pry your location ) .
easiest solution : ask the developer ! reason : it is the most reliable source if he/she answers . you cannot say easily what parameters to set and if it is even allowed to start other activities from your own ' intent launcher ' ( be it tasker or something else ) . i had a quick look at it , it is a paid app and a small dev . often those developers really care and respond quickly , especially if it is a paid app . i did so with titanium backup in the past and was positively suprised how easy it was . if you have the information , you can also use the free manual intent shortcuts app to create a custom launcher . google play has a ' contact developer ' button just below the overview description of ( most ? ) apps . having a look at smart tools , you see that it is there : androidboy1 ( at ) gmail com what you could also do : uc berkeley has a cool project : comdroid . a static analysis tool for identifying application communication-based vulnerabilities it is a web service where you can upload your . apk to . ( since you ask an advanced question i guess you know how to get the apk of your app ) . after the upload search the analysis for malicious activity launch , this is the information you want . you might be lucky to misuse it using tasker , etc .
i would use a decompiler https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.dexplorer look in the manifest file , it will have the intents that the app uses .
looking at the f-droid 's repository , this app , ' appbak ' will generate the list of apps installed on your handset into a simple flat text file on your sd-card . the crucial thing to remember , is the ' package-name ' is the most important part of it , and is at the developer 's choosing and discretion . for example , an app called ' foobar ' , that appears in the application drawer , the package name would be ' com . foo . bar . app ' , from there it is quite easy to reconstruct a market link from that as in : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.foo.bar.app 
the application listed above , " appbak , " gets its data from the android package manager class ; if you have got root access , you can see the source ( /data/dev/packages . list ) which is a simple text file that lists only currently installed apks , but there is also an xml file in the same subdirectory , of the same name , which is considerably larger : packages . xml , and where it seems even uninstalled packages tend to remain . i found proof of my former bloatware freezer application in there once , and while it did not do me a world of good , at least i had a resource i could check to see what went disappearing in the night . the question i can not answer is if the market can now wipe that data from packages . xml . but i would point out that the packagemanager documentation has a get_uninstalled_packages constant on that page , so i would guess not .
there is no way to know for sure unless you view logcat . use adb which comes with android sdk and execute the command logcat . i usually do the following steps to find out what causes an application to crash : enable usb debugging ( settings -> developer options -> usb debugging ) plug in usb cable to your phone and connect it to your machine . run adb logcat run the application and try to make it crash while viewing the logcat .
i installed a skype 2.6.0.95 apk ( which is an earlier version ) and it works now .
you can install busybox from the market too : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=stericson.busyboxhl=en and to your other question i just wanna know what does busy box do ? taken from market description : busybox is a software application that provides many standard unix tools , much like the larger ( but more capable ) gnu core utilities . busybox is designed to be a small executable for use with the linux kernel , which makes it ideal for use with embedded devices . it has been self-dubbed " the swiss army knife of embedded linux " . the official busybox website about page has some more info about what it is too .
it is because google can back up which apps you have installed on your google account , and restore them when you associate your account with a new device . since your friend 's account is new , the apps have not been installed yet , and are therefore not shown . as for why the apps are not shown as installed , it is because they are not installed from google play , but from samsung . if i remember correctly , samsung has it is own samsung apps app , which handles updates for preinstalled applications unless they are associated with their google play counterparts .
i have had a similar issue on my android phone and googled some info . hope it can help you . as i searched , the default google+ application settings on an android phone will automatically upload new images/photos to a google+ album . there is no need to panic , though , as the images/photos and the album itself will remain private until you sign into google+ and specify which images you want to process and share with select circles . to disable automatic upload from the google+ android app , select " settings " within the " menu " screen and uncheck " instant upload . " now you have control of which mobile photos make it to your private google+ album .
open the google plus app , go to settings and disable " instant-upload " . please note if you enabled it : each photo you take will be uploaded to google plus ' staging area but not be shared immediately . it is just for convenience so that you do not have to grab your phone if you want to share some past pictures you took with your mobile . you will be able to to share from any browser you are logged in at any later time you want . you can also select if you only want to instant-upload when you are on wifi .
the stock messaging app will automatically save a draft message when you tap on the back button while composing the message , but the recipient field has to be filled . without a recipient it will give a warning that the message will be deleted . there are a lot of good alternatives . i have no experience with them myself ( i am using the stock app ) but a lot of people seem to like handcent , go sms pro or chompsms . just search the internet for reviews .
i have a galaxy s4 and use connectbot to connect to my ssh server and setup a port forward via the client to port 8080 . then setup firefox to use the socks proxy by just going to about:config and entering the following : hope this helps !
as pointed out by al 's comment above , it is not a question of which browser does support it , but rather of how to enable it . and as sachin 's comment suggests , available solutions depend on whether your device is rooted ( more and better possibilities ) or not . non-rooted devices as long as it is for the browser only , there are multiple easy solutions . so does e.g. http proxy settings give you access to the hidden http proxy settings the android system itself has available . for more than browsers , asproxy might be a choice -- but it is not for free . it even provides a by-pass for e.g. local networks -- so you can decide which addresses are routed via proxy , and which can be accessed directly . rooted devices first-choice obviously is proxydroid : highly rated , it offers a hell of features : support http / https / socks4 / socks5 proxy support basic / ntlm / ntlmv2 authentication methods individual proxy for only one or several apps multiple profiles support bind configuration to wifi 's ssid / mobile network ( 2g / 3g ) widgets for quickly switching on/off proxy low battery and memory consumption ( written in c and compiled as native binary ) bypass custom ip address dns proxy for guys behind the firewall that disallows to resolve external addresses pac file support ( only basic support , thanks to rhino ) and , another big plus : this app is open source and free !
go to Settings &gt; Storage . this should list available space and the size of used space for apps , pictures , videos , music , downloads , etc . you can use this as a guide to go through your storage and find files you can clean up . once you have figured out what is taking up a lot of space , then you can ask how to clear up a particular item .
try clearing out the cache files .
check your internal memory . it will not be increased but the apps will take less load on internal memory . and there will be better stability .
ddlj1 and builds starting from dd are the roms basically made for indian based samsung models . these are official update pushed by samsung called ota updates . for more info on samsung 's builds you ca refer http://www.sammobile.com/firmwares/1/
works now , user error it appears .
if this is still a problem , you can download an older version of facebook that does not have the quirk you are currently encountering . you can view the previously available versions from the sidebar on their site .
i had the same problem with this new update from facebook . you need to go to Settings | Apps | All apps , search for facebook , tap the entry , and then " uninstall updates " . this option is only available if your phone came with the facebook app , not if you installed it yourself . then try sync again . i am skipping the latest version of facebook ; the one before worked just fine .
find any other app you can and install it . once installed exit the marketplace . then go back and try installing the angry birds app again . this usually fixes most marketplace issues . if it still does not work go to settings -> applications -> manage applications -> all -> find the marketplace app and click on it . then click clear data . make sure it cleared cache too , if not clear cache . then reboot . then run the marketplace and try again . these tips should help .
probably the most detailed error message you had be able to get would be the logcat logs . you can use a terminal emulator on the phone and just type in ' logcat ' shortly after the installation , you can use a market app called alogcat , or you can use the android sdk from the computer , open a command prompt and navigate to the tools directory of the sdk and run : adb shell  and then logcat  another thing you can check would be to ensure you do not have another version installed . sometimes if you download an . apk file and install it using a file manager , then try to download a different version ( or even the same version ) of the app via the market , it will fail with that error as well .
i had a very similar issue on my htc incredible . try unmounting the sd card ( menu-> settings-> sd and phone storage-> " unmount sd card " on my incredible ) and then installing the app . after it finished installing , you can then remount your sd card .
i have not tried this myself , but it should be possible with tasker and ( optionally ) the secure settings addon  provided there is some automated way to let the device know you are in " driving mode " . this could either be the car 's bluetooth ( if any ) , or some nfc tag you place in your car to toggle that state ( the latter could be used to toggle a custom variable or the " state" ) . with those pre-conditions met , setup your profile ( s ) corresponding to your " identifier " . with bluetooth : condition : bluetooth device connected task : turn off keyguard ( will revert to the previous state , i.e. re-enable keyguard , as soon as the condition is no longer met , i.e. your device no longer connected to the car ) . with nfc , slightly different , your task should toggle keyguard  so it turns it of on first read of the tag , and turns it back on when reading the tag again . with keyguard turned off , there is no pattern or pin lock anymore , and the device should react as if you had unlocked it . you can toggle keyguard with tasker itself ; however , the secure settings addon gives you additional control . check out what fits you best ; above " pseudo-profile " should get you started : )
there is screen stream for android that seems to do what you are asking . it streams live the display of the device and has many options . there is a trial version here : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mobzapp.screenstream.trial
http://betanews.com/2012/01/05/turn-you-android-into-a-second-pc-monitor/ try this . hope it will help you , cheers
there is the splashtop desktop streaming application . the app is free , but has some in-app purchases for more features . they also have a few premium versions available .
this question/answer is probably a little " off topic " for this site as it is more of a web development question . when you embed the youtube video on the page , you have to use the iframe version , as it supports both the " flash " version and the html5 version of the embeded video . the " default " style only supports flash enabled devices , where the iframe style will support both html5 and flash ( if needed ) . to embed the iframe style you would do this : &lt;iframe type="text/html" width="640" height="385" src="http://www.youtube.com/embed/VIDEO_ID" frameborder="0"&gt;&lt;/iframe&gt;
you can produce videos in the vp8 format . this is google 's answer to html5 video and is supported by most of their phones . you have the option of embedding the video using html5 and &lt;video&gt; tags , or uploading the mobile friendly version to youtube and embedding the link in an iframe like previously suggested . vp8 is much like h . 264 in that they both boast high-quality/low-overhead and both have hardware decoders . webm is the container format for vp8 and will remain royalty free as long as the technology exists , whereas h . 264 will require encoders ( and possibly decoders ) to pay fees for its use .
you might need a very specific widget that is coded to retrieve some data from the said web page in a specific format ( xml , json , api calls , etc . , ) then parse and display it . for example , a quick google search for " android flair widget " brings back this app . you need only to provide the user 's id ( e . g . http://api.android.stackexchange.com/1.1/users/3646 for my profile , ) and it polls the stackoverflow . com servers once every hour and retrieves the " flair " .
i wanted an app to do this , and i wanted it to be professional , reliable , and easy to use , and i wanted to know it would be maintained in future and work with new android versions . as i run a software business , i decided to make it our next product . showr supports android 3.1+ , and you can use it as a lock screen widget on android versions that support that feature . it supports images from rss or atom feeds , and from other apps ( such as the gallery ) as well as from a fixed url . it also integrates with some websites , such as tumblr and stack exchange . unlike the accepted answer to the question , you can set how often it updates , and it has a smart updating feature to save battery life and network use . download showr free from google play , or see showr on stackapps .
i have implemented that app because i wanted it for myself : url image widget have fun !
this thread goes way back but i still were unable to find one in the market that seems to fit the description , so i made one myself . get it here : the widget updates hourly , and currently there is no way to configure that .
/proc is not a real filesystem , so the ' files ' in it can not be changed by normal means . rather , it gives file-like access to the system state . the only way to change what it reports is to actually change the system : in this case , that means flashing your device with an engineering rom instead of a production rom .
well , in my opinion , you can use cyanogenmod 7 rom . i have cyanogenmod 7.0.3 and i can wake my phone using the home button . you can use the rom manager to install clockworkmod and download cyanogenmod 7 specific to your phone : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.koushikdutta.rommanagerhl=en refer to the following guide for installing cyanogenmod 7: http://www.redmondpie.com/install-cm7-on-galaxy-s2-using-rom-manager-how-to-tutorial/ the guide is for samsung galaxy s2 but its almost similar for all . best of luck !
try re-applying Factory settings to your phone . how to do it : Your Home Screen-&gt;Menu-&gt;Settings-&gt;Privacy-&gt;Factory data reset.  caution : selecting this option erases all data into the phone . please ensure that you have proper backup in case some unexpected issues surface !
i found an ice cream truck ringtone in mobiles24 . could you check if that is correct ?
xperia function tester app i would suggest trying this official application to find out the information you needed .
start the settings app . choose security from the personal section . the option you want is called make passwords visible .
as the firmware resides in /system , flashing a firmware obviously overwrites that partition . /boot is usually involved here as well . whether the two get " wiped " is a different question ; but as otherwise things could get " mixed " , which might cause unwanted side-effects , i would say they are ( i am not 100% sure with this ) . so in these two partitions , nothing of the previously installed firmware should remain . that is different for the other partitions of your device . so usually , /data is not touched by the flashing process , but of course it will be touched once the new system boots up ( it e.g. needs to initialize the dalvik cache for the newly installed system apps , which is located in /data/dalvik-cache ) . for the /cache partition ( holding the application cache ) it is similar : it usually is not touched by the flashing process , but used normally afterwards . hence it is a good idea to wipe these two ( cache and dalvik cache ) when installing a different rom . it might not always be required , but it does not hurt . a factory-reset in principle is a combination of the two : it wipes the /cache and /data partitions . so other than the manual wipe of the caches from a custom recovery , it also removes all user data ( including the user-installed apps ) . note : do not confuse a " wipe " with a " safe erase": with the right tools , data still might be recoverable following a wipe . with this on your mind , your second question becomes obsolete : if you just want a clean system for yourself , this wish is already granted . if , on the other hand , you did these steps to sell your device , there is always the point of what could be restored . for a " safe erase " , you might want to take a look at special tools like nuke my phone / nuke my tablet , which overwrite everything with " garbage data " , and finalize this process with a factory-reset .
yes , even plain android will do this . i have heard of some unlicensed phones that did not properly finish setup unless you had a sim card but it should not be an issue with cm .
i used to have an incredible - moved on to a nexus ! - and i noticed a rom in the xda forums that was for wifi only , ie , device without a data plan . you can search here for it . there is also a wifi only mod that can be found here . link to wifi only thread .
use chrome beta for android . it is made by google to test out new features . no root is required and can be installed side by side with the original google chrome app . by default , chrome beta for android will prompt you for a translation when you visit a site . the app can be found on google play . also , if you use the same google account on your phone and in your pc browser , you can install the app from your pc without having to search for it on your phone . it will automatically install .
yes , it is possible with the current beta build of chrome . it works exactly the same way it does on the desktop .
if you are using the google play music app ( which is the stock music player in many phones , and is available for phones running android 2.2 up if not ) to play your music then this google support article " copy music files directly from your computer " says : if your music files have accompanying artwork in.jpeg format , rename the art file albumart.jpg and include it in the same folder as your music files .
i cannot check you image ( corporate proxy forbids ) , but i take it you mean those " toggle buttons " to switch on/off things like wifi , bluetooth , etc . in this case , you can do so e.g. with elixier ( first picture 1 ) or notification toggle ( second picture 2 ) some custom roms also come with something similar pre-installed , as e.g. cyanogenmod does .
i had the same issue , not with cyanogen , but stock android in nexus 5 phone . i solved the issue temporarily as follows : go to Settings &gt; Developer Options change Animator Duration Scale to 0.5x ( may be more . at first i set it in none , so it did not work . changing to 0.5x solved my problem . i did not check other options like 1x etc ) . this method solved me in nexus 5 . ( not sure about note 2 , try it and let 's know )
i can not find this problem anywhere else , not even on the cm forums . my advice would be to install another version of cm for your device , maybe try a nightly or the previous stable/mr/rc version .
what protocol does the connection to your car radio use ? i can not exactly speak for the gs3 but this is for stock android so it may be similar . go into storage under settings and hit the menu button ( or the menu overflow ) then select usb connection ( or similar ) , make sure mtp ( you probably need this one ) and any other protocols you need are checked . there may also be a mount usb option present if that the former does not work .
once you have activated an input field , you should see a keyboard icon in your notification area . drag the notification bar down and tap on the notification saying Select input method and you should get the menu . if this does not work , it is due to samsung 's modifications . at least the vanilla ics has this option .
in all of my htc phones , press and hold in the input area ( text area ) will show a " input method " prompt for switching ime .
i do not own a galaxy sii . however according to this thread it seems the problem lies in the usb port as when it is replaced the issue has been resolved .
with mine , clearing dust out of the usb port with a pin and then plugging a charger in and out a few times fixed the issue . so it is not necessarily a bug in the software . perhaps android os 4.0 . x has a new feature to detect and report voltage problems when charging , while previous versions did not ( and any software " fix " will just disable this feature ) .
short answer : that is no doubt a software issue , reported across forums after an upgrade to ics 4.0 . x . some users reporting this can be found here : galaxy s2 charging port problem - xda-developers re : ics 4.0.3 charging paused , voltage too high an . . . - vodafone eforum do not know with certainty if you have upgraded the firmware to ics 4.0 or any other variant , being the latest ones 4.0.3 or 4.0.4 nonetheless , you either roll back and wait for a new version that does not cause that issue or you can try some of the suggestions provided below ( all reported to have worked without problems by other owners of a samsung galaxy s2 ) . extending the answer : first and above all backup all personal data on your phone to make sure you are not going to lose anything either by rolling back or trying a new/different firmware . e.g. , contacts , sms , mms , internet settings , wi-fi passwords , etc . . . you can go with one of these suggestions : once the backup is concluded , the following solutions are documented as to have solved that particular issue on your phone . solutions ordered from the simplest to the most complicated : clearing cache data the problem you are facing can be related to old files still in cache . follow these steps to clear your cache and see if it solves it : boot your phone in recovery mode , to do that press and hold volume up and middle key , while holding both press power on ; you will see your phone booted in recovery mode , in recovery mode touch screen will not work so use volume up and volume down to navigate through options and middle key to confirm ; choose wipe cache partition from menu ; it will clear the cache data ; now select reboot system now ; factory reset samsung has a master reset code used to factory reset your phone . you can try this as to cleanup your phone and wait for a better ics version , or try another ics version ( see suggestion n .  3 ) : make sure you have a backup of your personal data ( e . g . , contacts , sms , mms , internet settings , wi-fi passwords , etc ) . take your sim and memory card out of your phone turn your phone back on , and wait for the dial pad dial the factory reset code : *2767*3855# this will wipe , reset and then correctly format the internal storage . after the process is completed , place your sim and memory cards back on the phone . firmware flash ( odin ) download the latest samsung odin here , and install either one of the latest ics versions or a previous one that can be found on the links at the very end of this answer . 3.1 . flash your firmware to the android 4.0: xxlpq  update galaxy s2 to android 4.0 official firmware manually this firmware and the guide below is compatible only and only with galaxy s2 , model number i9100 . its not compatible with any other device , including us variants of s2 , the epic 4g touch , t-mobile galaxy s2 and at and t galaxy s2 along with skyrocket . check your devices model number in settings  about phone . 3.2 . install android ics 4.0.3 xxlpj firmware update : install android ics 4.0.3 xxlpj firmware on samsung galaxy s2 gt i9100 here is another tutorial how to install android ics 4.0.3 xxlpj firmware update on samsung galaxy s2 gt i9100 . samsung galaxy ii got the official xxlpq firmware update recently . but the firmware had some bugs and users reported it . samsung revived the android 4.0.3 and added some other latest features 3.3 . flash your firmware to the android 4.0.4: xxlq5 - download and install official android 4.0.4 ics firmware for samsung galaxy s2 finally , you can download and install latest official android 4.0.4 ice cream sandwich firmware on samsung galaxy s ii now . yup , there is a leaked official android 4.0.4 ics firmware for samsung galaxy s2 ~ xxlq5 firmware ( europe region ) . update samsung galaxy s2 i9100 to android 4.0.4 ics xxlq5 leaked firmware samsung galaxy s2 i9100 has been running on the android 4.0.3 firmware and recently there were rumors that said that it wont receive the android 4.0.4 ics update . however , all these rumors were shattered today because there is a new leaked firmware for i9100 that is based on android 4.0.4 ics and with xxlq5 firmware , which means that samsung should eventually launch the new update in the near future . useful and related links : the official android 4.0 ( ice cream sandwich ) website . a very extensive list with official i9100 firmwares lpe/q/7/2/f/s/4/7/g/9/w/d/f to download and an how-to guide to flash your firmware with odin . android firmwares .net- samsung galaxy s ii firmwares .
i went to sprint yesterday because all of a sudden i am having this frustrating problem . i was told that it is a software issue and nothing more . an email from the higher-ups directed techs not to switch out phones because the problem is going to persist ( until samsung fixes the software ) .
is it face unlock you are asking about ? if so , there is a handy guide here . it requires your phone to be rooted and have clockworkmod recovery installed . here are the installation instructions from the link : installation instructions before you proceed with setting up face unlock on your galaxy s2 , make sure that your phone : is rooted , has clockworkmod recovery installed , and is running android 4.0.3 ice cream sandwich firmware build xxkp8 . if your phone meets those requirements , you can follow these steps : 1 . download the face unlock update file to your computer and then copy the downloaded zip file to your sd card . get the file here . 2 . turn off your mobile phone and reboot it into recovery mode . you can do this by pressing the volume up and ok buttons . press both buttons at the same time and then press the power button . 3 . if you are already in recovery mode , proceed by selecting wipe data/factory reset and wipe cache partition . 4 . reboot your device by selecting reboot system now from the recovery menu . 5 . reboot your device again into recovery mode . 6 . from the menu , select install zip from sd card , then  choose zip from sd card , and then choose the face unlock zip file which is on your phone . after you have selected the file , installation will start . 7 . after installation , your device will again display the recovery mode screen . select reboot system now to reboot the phone . take note that this time , restarting your device will take much longer . on the other hand , you can also opt to update this package from clockworkmod recovery .
i ended up compromising on this by setting google voice to " ask on every call " , which gave me a chance to cancel the call . the downside is having to touch " make call without google voice " to put the call through .
on my spica ( samdroid froyo mod ) , there are two stock voice caller , the android 's stock " voice dialer " ( com.android.voicedialer ) : on the stock android voice dialer , when you start the voice dialer app and then speak " call " , this shows up : the stock voice dialer can be cancelled by pressing the highlighted " cancel " button . the voice dialer does not automatically call the contact , it waits for you to tap on the contact 's name to start the call . the other voice caller is using google-branded " voice search " ( com.google.android.voicesearch ) : when you tap on the voice search button on the google search widget and then speak " call " this screen shows up : the google-branded voice search automatically dial after a short delay the spoken contact , and you can tap " cancel " before the spinning highlighting is out to cancel the call without leaving missed calls . i am not sure which voice dialer you are using , can you clarify ?
this is a feature of gingerbread , if you are using the built in sip client . in settings -> call settings there is a setting called " use internet calling " which you can set to " only for internet calls " . then if the contact has a sip number , it will call that directly sip-> sip instead of going out over the phone connection .
there is a small chance that this will help you in some way , when you have this all time vibrating issue : in my case , i left a screw inside the phones case after i opened it to change the glass . the screw somehow managed to get stuck between one contact of the vibrating motor , and the metal plate of the first case cover to remove . after reopening the phone and removing the screw the constant vibrating stopped . phone was a htc wildfire and seems to work perfectly now .
nobody posted it as an answer , so i am going to : it is definitely a hardware issue . there is no way that both the simple firmware for battery charging while the phone is off has the exact same bug as the software running when the phone is on . mark wain 's ( deleted ) answer indicates that he had a similar issue that , again , is best explained by bad hardware .
i had the same same problem and tried to take out the battery several times and when i turned the phone on again with the battery in , and is 's vibrating all the time as soon as you turn on the phone . the phone will not not event get to the starting htc screen . it vibrates all the time until you remove the battery again . i found that when the phone is turned off set the phone in the external htc usb charger it started with the standard start htc screeen and every thing seems to be good now . i left it in the charger for some time now i hope this post can help any one /pelle
in ankidroid preferences , there is a " reset languages " item : reset language assignments ( for text to speech and dictionaries ) for all decks . reset specific deck assignments on deck picker
what you describe as " desktop " , and the screenshot shows , is called by different names . mostly it listens on the names launcher and homescreen , depending on the aspect referred to . and yes , it is an app that ships with its own .apk file , as all its " replacements " ( e . g . apex launcher , golauncher , or holo launcher  to name some ) do .
well , that is weird first of all make sure that the other bluetooth devices you are searching using the s2 are visible , otherwise its not going to detect the bluetooth device . and if you are sure that the bluetooth devices you are trying to connect is visible try clearing the cache and the data stored by the bluetooth app , you can do that by going to settings> application manager> tap the bluetooth app and clear the cache and the data store . now try connecting with the other bluetooth devices and see if that works out or not .
you can try sony pccompanion this will install the driver for your device . or flashtool after installing you will find the driver in the path you installed flashtool . mostly C:\Flashtool\Drivers note : enable debugging mode in xperia and connect in msc mode .
the bravia engine would need to be included in the new rom you are installing . it is a software screen enhancement . http://allenramos.blogspot.ie/2013/05/enhance-your-android-phones-display-w.html?m=1 the sony mobile bravia engine 3 is a video enhancement program for sony phones . it uses filters and algorithms to create a clearer and more contrasted picture and an overall smoother experience . alternatively there are often flashable zip file mods for the bravia engine for different devices .
i am not an expert in mobile networking , but afaik the tcp stack should handle mobile handover transparently , application programs should not need to be aware that the mobile network layer are switching from cell tower to cell tower . from the application program 's perspective , there is just one continuous connection . the only reason i can think of about what you are seeing in the laptop jabber client is that it did not use keepalive when opening a long running tcp connection . when there is a long period of no transmission , one of the intermediary nodes in the network ( usually the firewall ) may decide to terminate the connection ( usually to save resources to serve other active connections ) and the server therefore did not have the chance to tell the client to terminate cleanly . not using keepalive for a long running connection will make it impossible for the client to detect that the connection has been dropped because the only way for a client to detect a dropped connection is if it tried to send a packet and failed permanently . keepalive will cause the tcp stack to periodically ping the server with zero length ack packets , therefore intermediary nodes will consider your long running connection to still be active and not terminate it .
not sure if this question is on-topic on android enthusiasts . but i work with xmpp and android , so here is my answer : as lie ryan already stated , a handover from one mobile cell to another is almost always transparent to the tcp stack on android devices . but there are situations where the ip of your android device will change . this are typically gsm/umts &lt ; -> wifi switches , which will cause the tcp connection to become unusable by the xmpp client . on android the standard xmpp library that most clients use - besides having their own proprietary one - is ( a ) smack : clients that use ( a ) smack with the default configuration will not notice a connection change in a timely manner . but there is hope : xmpp ping support is in smack trunk and will be shipped with the 3.3 release . most asmack apps already use an asmack version that has support for it , and just need to implement according measures . on the other side it is the xmpp servers job to set your presence to unavailable ( offline ) after a ( server defined ) timeout for reaching the last client of the jid in question . so it is not necessary to build workarounds if you are using a proper xmpp client , but you may have to live with ghost status situations that should resolve after a few minutes . there is a nice xep ( xmpp extension ) that would be the silver bullet for mobile xmpp connections : xep-0198 - stream management . you can read about it in ge0rg 's blog . it is being worked on for ( a ) smack . but it will take a while until it is stable and you need also server support for xep-0198 .
try starting it in safe mode if you have a home button - try keeping it depressed as you power up the device .
according to the instructions in the device 's manual there should be a " reset " button on the back . the manual does't have any information on how to use it , but i would try pushing the button while the device is on , or turning it on while having this button pressed .
it appears that this was an issue from google 's syncing of wifi profiles from older phones . for some reason , when my new nexus 5 acquired the wifi profiles from my galaxy nexus , they exhibit this issue . the solution here worked but you must be rooted . you must delete all the wifi profile data ( requires root ) and then re-join the wifi networks again . adb shell $ su # rm -r /data/misc/wifi/ # reboot  then rejoin your wifi networks in the wifi manager . when you leave the range of the wifi and come back , it should reconnect as normal .
i am pretty sure by factory resetting all your apps are lost . what you can do is login your account in play store and click my apps , and redownload all your lost stuff again . i am not sure though if plugging in an sd card will solve your issue with downloading apps , but when my phone with ics did not have an sd card even though it has an internal storage , it would not let me capture photos . my bet is , yes you need to plugin an sd card . try borrowing one first and see if that solves your problem , then buy one . i think you should definitely buy one though , for your media like music , photos and videos . one more thing , if you do not want to lose apps , i suggest you download appmonster . it saves your applications as apk files in your external storage . what does this mean ? you can backup all your apps , revert to older versions of applications , and even save app memory . just uninstall the apps you do not need and install them whenever you need them . all this , without having to go to the play store .
buying a new sd card will not solve the problem . in android phones , all applications are installed in internal memory . some apps/games which ask for big data to be downloaded from the net also save the data in internal memory . so , if you insert external memory card in your device , then still you face same problem . to solve this , first you need a external sd card ; at least 8gb more would be better . then , you need to configure your device so that it forcibly installs all data on external sd card . for more information , read this .
a solution is to use number saver which automatically suggests to call a number if the clipboard contains it .
sure can . assuming you have already copied the phone number you are looking to dial , just long press on the area of the dialer where the number appears and choose " paste " . ( tested on a stock motorola droid with android 2.2.1 )
my solution to your other question at save a number during a phone call could also be a shortcut to this problem : paste the number in a note application that supports phone hyperlinks and click on it .
we can use the standard copy paste mechanism . type any digit , say 0 . long tap on it to select . now the copy paste options should appear . on my samsung s duos 2 , just long tap too works , but i have to choose the exact area where the numbers appear .
i had this same problem and this fixed it go to "/data/app-lib/app-path ( that has this error ) /lib " and delete . install/update the apk app . if this does not work trygoing to "/data/app-lib/app-path ( that has this error ) " and delete all the folder ( but you must begin by their sub-folder then the folder itself , because you cant delete the folder of this app-path directly without deleting their sub-folder first the reason for this is that forandroid 4.2 , + google create a new lib folder for the apps in "/data called /data/app-lib/" and there is a symlink from "/data/data/app-path/lib " to this folder which is the most culpable of this error . i came by this knowledge here http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2443267 like i said it worked for me . .
sudo apt-get -y install mtp-tools mtpfs gmtp and try to use it gui as nessary !
you have mistakenly activated " talkback " , a google service for blind/visually impaired users . to deactivate : open " settings " -> under " system " open " accessibility " -> open " talkback " -> slide the slider in the upper right corner to " off "
that must be an htc sense thing ; no such calendars ever existed on my droid . it does not look like you will be able to get rid of them short of rooting your phone .
for calendars . go to the calendar . touch any day . then hit menu . then hit more . then select calendars . then un-check facebook . ( at least one calendar has to be selected btw . it took off all the birthdays . for contacts . hit people . hit menu . select view . then check just phone . however when you search some things . facebook contacts somehow still are searched . so i dont know how to remove them completely . thanks to micah reuben charles perez http://www.facebook.com/topic.php?topic=15423post=112530uid=41158896424#!/topic.php?uid=41158896424topic=15423
you can not delete them but you can uncheck them so no information from them shows in the calendar . many folks are still using outlook for calendaring and need the ability to sync with the desktop .
there is an opensource application sipdroid , which theoretically could be modified to do proxying . but , judging from the poor general android sip experience , i would think it would be very unreliable solution . easier way to workaround greedy cell providers seems to set up an ip pbx on the home computer , or get a free account at freepbxes . org and get a cheap sip-connected phone number to eventually route your calls thru while using your " travel " device 's sip connection to terminate calls .
looks like what the op is looking for can be done at appbrain , using the &amp;sort=popular url parameter . see e.g. this example search for file sync : first result page mosly holds apps with 10k+ downloads with a good " internal rating " ( they have their own " rating number " in addition to the playstore rating ) . checking some , they seem to have 10k+ ratings on gplay as well . additional filtering is possible for free/paid , new/updated , app2sd , reduced price . though not being exactly what was asked for , i guess it is pretty close . another good result list can be obtained with the &amp;sort=highest-rated variant , which seems to sort by playstore rating : " file sync " by rating .
the astro file manager can be easily used to make backups of the application and to restore these later .
to be pedantic , you can uninstall updates for system apps . they will revert to the version installed when the phone was at factory defaults ( or when you installed a rom ) . but otherwise , you will need to find a copy of the previous version in order to revert an update . on my ( rooted ) device , i have a titanium backup schedule set up to backup everything every week . in the future , you could set up something like that ( root required ) .
you could install appmonster pro backup restore to your device . this app automatically captures each .apk installed and stores it on your sdcard ( initially , you can do this also manually for all your installed apps ) . now , if you have installed some update you do not like for some reason ( bugs , reduced functionality , or whatever ) , you can simply start appmonster and have it restore a previous version . appmonster pro ( source : google play ; click images to enlarge ) to not fill-up your sdcard entirely , appmonster can also be configured to " only keep x backups " . and it offers some additional features as well , as e.g. showing which app can be moved to sdcard , or which app contains ad-modules . and yes , for the automatical backups you will need the ( paid ) pro-version . to take a look at the app first , there is also a free pendant , appmonster free backup restore -- but here you have to do all backups manually . also , the pro version offers a batch-restore . i am using the pro version for years now , and can only praise it ( saved my day more than once ) . support is excellent as well , by the way -- some of the app 's features came from my wish-list : ) ah , and one more remark : this app does not require root . but it ( currently ) only backups the apps ( .apk ) itself , not their data .
unfortunately once the new version is installed there is no way for you to roll back . the only way you can get back to the old one is if you already have a copy of , or can manage to find the apk file for the version that you want .
android does not natively back up applications so you can not " undo " an app update . best thing i would say you can do is something like this howto . it backs up your apks and their settings . it uses titanium backup and requires root , but rooting is not your problem .
go to this website and follow the odin method to install a new rom . you should be able to put your phone in download mode/odin mode to do the same . try this out to replace to a stock rom - http://android.sc/update-samsung-galaxy-s2-i9100-to-official-ota-android-4-1-2-vjms3-jelly-bean-firmware/ you can visit this website to find some nice roms for the phone with reviews as well - www.galaxys2root.com
you should not lose any data by flashing the ota file . you can flash the ota file ( see androidpolice for info and where to download it from ) and as long as you have not changed any system files it should apply ok . simply select the " apply update from sdcard " option and select the update file . you will lose root but you can simply flash supersu ( the only superuser app that works on 4.3 at the moment ) which will " re-root " your device . if you get a prompt about disabling recovery flash , select " no " as the new supersu uses this part of getting root access .
the main difference between a " user profile " and a " restricted profile " is that a restricted profile does not have its own google account , which is needed for gmail and google+ hangouts . a restricted profile with a google account in it is just a normal user account . if you want to restrict access to features in a normal user profile , you need to use device-administrator software to impose a security policy . this will also allow you to remotely/centrally manage each device .
this answer on stack overflow suggests that it could be a permissions issue , the user that is attempting to start the adb server cannot access the file . could you try moving the sdk to a folder that is not within your users area and see if you can start it then ?
i ended up flashing custom kernel from here ( for "#1.8 . android version 4.1.2 , jelly bean . " ) : http://androidforums.com/galaxy-s2-international-all-things-root/482994-rooting-galaxy-s2-dummies-guide.html then i was able to attempt installation of cyanogenmod 11 , snapshot m7 , which did not work ( but that is another story ) . just leaving this note here if anyone comes from google search with the same problem . the corner stone was that i expected my phone to enter recovery mode with [ home ] + [ volume down ] + [ power ] combo , i.e. that cwm recovery overrides download mode . in reality , these two modes are independent of each other . to enter recovery mode , use [ home ] + [ volume up ] + [ power ] . you do not need cwm to enter recovery mode , but the default feature set is limited , so yes , better get cwm . regarding cyanogenmod 11 installation , according to another question here on android . stackexchange , it requires cwm v6.0.4.5 to run . problem is that officially cwm does not support my samsung galaxy s2 i9100m ( and even the version i am supposed to download for a generic/international s2 off their website is like v5.8 . x . x ) , so i would need to find a custom built cwm . cwm completely replaces the default recovery mode . tried latest philz touch , but it did not work . actually it did not work so badly , that i had to flash original image from samsung (sammobile.com). go in recovery , clear data ( factory reset ) , clear cache . make sure the os starts ( goes into init/setup mode - after factory reset ) . flash custom kernel siyah-s2-v6.0b5 . tar , do cwm restore , to bring phone back to shape . for reference , in my attempt to install cyanogenmod 11 i soft bricked my phone 9-10 times already , with a total of 1 full working day spent on this campaign ( 8 hours ) .
same here , i had the update downloaded for 10 days but the yesterday it stopped showing in the notification bar . maybe google has taken the update off for now , so it is not checking for it ? i have also tried all the force update methods as well .
you can try clearing the google services framework data . disconnect from wifi and mobile data , go to Settings -&gt; Apps -&gt; All Apps -&gt; Google Services Framework and tap Clear data . after this , restore data connections and go to Settings -&gt; About phone -&gt; Software Updates and tap Check for updates , and the update should appear . if not , the update is still in rollout for your region .
you can force an actual update check ( the " check for update " thing does not necessarily do a real check for updates ) on some phones by dialing the mmi code # #2432546# # ( the numbers spell " checkin" ) . do not push the call button after entering the code , just wait a few seconds . a notification saying " checkin succeeded " should appear .
if it is just the " user " and " system " applications , i do this sort of thing all the time . in fact i wrote an app to help me out with this . i uninstall and re-install applications for testing a development all the time . i need to easily be able to make copies and move " . apk " files all the time . please take a look at the free app : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=burrows.apps.appmanager . simple install the app , " backup " your application of choice and then share/send the application ( . apk ) to another phone . regards ,
if your device is running android 4.0 or higher , carbon - app sync and backup would be the perfect solution , and does not even require root -- but still is capable of backing up apps including their data : carbon app sync and backup as above screenshots show , you can backup/restore single apps , or select a batch . what you cannot see on the screenshots : you can also save a selection as " group " , so for the next backup/restore you do not need to select apps separately , but simply select the group instead . with carbon backup , one should be able to backup apps and data to sd card , attached usb devices , dropbox , googledrive , etc .
there are numerous options available to you : titanium backup for ics upwards , settings > backup and reset > backup my data/backup account for gb , settings > privacy settings > backup my data last but not least , adb backup in that order of " user-friendliness " , from a android application that requires rooted access , in reference to titanium backup , to the least , using the command line adb backup .
normally , the quickest ' fix ' to see what is going on is to try sudo adb devices ( or sudo ./adb devices if you downloaded adb stand-alone . ) if that works , then your permissions are not right . once the server starts you can use adb without sudo . however since you said other phones work , my guess is that the lg phones attempt to auto-detect or auto-negotiate mtp / usb mass storage and do not like your linux system ( this is nothing new , vendors do not test this . ) there are no drivers for linux for this ( aside : i hope there never are . ) check dmesg and lsusb output - it is possible they are doing something funny on the phone side with usb . you may need to force any sort of auto-mounting or usb storage option to " charge only " which should make the phone behave .
the advantage that atrix currently has is that the hdmi out can display up to a 1280x1024 resolution , plus the dock provides full function usb keyboard and mouse . some of the other androids do have hdmi out , however they only mirror the lower resolution of the phone display ( if at all ) most of them only output pictures or videos . the atrix does the best job of providing access to a virtual desktop without compromise . disclaimer : citrix worked with motorola on the atrix solution
if you are asking if you can do remote desktop on a phone and also have the phone output to a tv , the answer 's yes . i use remote desktop enterprise on my device ( samsung galaxy s vibrant ) , and my device supports some sort of output from the usb port to hdmi as well as wireless dlna .
you need to run an ssh server on your phone , such as sshdroid . you can launch adb shell from sshdroid , and then run am start -a android.intent.action.MAIN -n &lt;qualified-app-name&gt; . for example , &lt;qualified-app-name&gt; is something like com.android.settings/.Settings .
i think you need to adjust the settings in the google maps application that control this . launch maps and press the overflow menu icon ( the three dots in the bottom right on vanilla android ; you may need to access your settings slightly differently on other devices with custom ui skins ) , then go to Settings =&gt; Location settings and scroll down . you should see a subsection labeled " check-ins": if you also want the cards for nearby places to be hidden then you can do that in google now 's settings . select Settings =&gt; Google Now =&gt; Places and turn those cards off .
it seems like others have had this problem as well : http://www.reddit.com/r/galaxynexus/comments/19y0a9/galaxy_nexus_screen_turn_on_durring_lock_screen/ http://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/mobile/pa5jzh-oj4o http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=39625 it is a bug in android 4.2 , specifically with the samsung galaxy nexus . i imagine you recently updated your phone , which is why it has only been occurring as of late . it looks like the cause is from app notifications being pushed to the device and waking it up . here are some common apps that have been known to cause this problem : wechat sleep mode apps mx player dropsync disabling auto-sync has also been known to solve this problem : settings> data usage> and disable auto sync and restrict background data some people have also had success just doing a factory reset . a lot of people have had a lot of success getting rid of this problem by reverting back to 4.1.2 . others have followed this approach and had a lot of success : i had this same problem and i tried disabling apps , uninstalling apps , and factory resetting all with no success . what fixed it for me was taking a very small flat-head screwdriver and gently bending the pins of the micro usb connector up ( towards the screen side ) . over time and through usage , those pins got bent downward , away from the screen side . i think this created some kind of electrical short . i tried this because when the phone was plugged in , the screen stayed asleep . my gnex is now working perfectly again . i hope this helps someone ! how to fix problem the problem is that the hooks inside your charging port are too close to the bottom . therefore with a small knife or needle , life the middle part up nearer to the screen and voila ! your problem should be fixed . its not the software . its the hardware . this seems to be a very weird problem with a lot of different causes . some people have had success with removing or modifying the software , other people think that it is the pin problem . if you get any of these solutions to work , let me know . hope this helps ! john
check this xda post . it has an apk for a 4.2 aosp browser . note : install at your own risk .
it should not matter which one you get , because the internal charging chip " should " control the maximum charging current . so unless you are planning to use your charger with another device that can charge at a higher current , you are wasting your money ( unless they cost the same . ) if for some reason , like custom rom or poor firmware , the charging chip is not operating right , you risk burning the vias on the pcb .
although you do not have a screenshot , they are most likely apps that have recently been installed , updated , or have updates ready . i can give you more specific help if you post a screenshot .
you will need to flash an other package after you install cwm . the galaxy siii has checks in its start up scripts that if the recovery has been modified it will replace it with the stock recovery . you can try this root package and flash it after you flash cwm . besides installing su and superuser , this removes the scripts that does the recovery check . the actual scripts that are responsible are : /system/etc/install-recovery . sh /system/etc/recovery-from-boot . p the package , that i linked , will install root , busybox , and it renames these files so they do not execute . when the device boots , these scripts run and check the recovery , if you modify it , it replaces it with stock . the only way around it is to stop these scripts from running .
its possible by checkng running apps . you can limit your background processes . i am sure that your phone will never lag as before . settings> more> developer options> limit background processes> set to 3 or less . please do not make any changes in other options which will lead to problems if you are not sure what they are doing .
ok you can also do this without installing any other app as well . all you need to is goto settings -> applications -> running here you can see the apps number of processes and services . memory used by the apps . apps/services running in the background . ( which maybe slowing down you phone ) . hope it helps . . . . . : )
if you already suspect a particular app ( facebook in this case ) , just uninstall it and see if the problem goes away .
you could try to use some live monitoring app , e.g. os monitor . these usually offer you a view on apps currently consuming most of the ressources , e.g. hogging your cpu , eating your ram , or utilizing your network : os monitor showing running processes , and showing network connections ( click images for larger variants ) running processes can be sorted by several criteria , such as name , cpu usage , and more . the device being " laggy " most times means some app consumes all cpu power , or i/o , or ram  so this should help you figuring out . an alternative to mention is systempanel , which even offers you a manual ( for your situation , the system monitor page would apply ) . in its payed version , it even offers you background monitoring , so you could first let it collect data for a while , and later check for the " largest consumers " . systempanel : running processes , overall ressources ( click images for larger variants )
ok , this is embarrassing but i will leave it here for posterity anyway . tried another network and got slightly better performance ( probably b/c the hotspot had weak signal strength ) . after more investigation i realized that it was connecting to my network then disconnecting . turns out the password was wrong , but rather than actually telling me that , it just connected and then a few seconds later ( after i would left that screen ) it disconnects .
yes , the tech specs on htc 's site states that its platform is android 2.2 ( froyo ) .
there is a " message format " setting located at settings > [ account ] > sync settings > message format . the choices available are " html " and " plain text . " not sure whether that will necessarily solve your particular problem , but perhaps try giving that a shot .
according to this forum post , there are a few media players on the android market that will play them ( possibly with a little chop and jitter ? ) natively on the phone .
rockplayer supports . mov files ( at least the ones that i have attempted to view ) . the gui is not fantastic , it is basically just a file manager look , but i do not find myself watching video on my phone much . there could be additional options as well .
they are cache directories that hold ads for games . i have read angry birds is one such game that uses those directories . yes , you could delete them , but they will keep coming back everytime a game reloads their ads .
the only option i had was to do a factory reset and reinstall all the apps using appbrain .
make sure you have a proper recovery like cwm or twrp download the rom file off xda , make sure you download a file made for only your system . wipe date and do a factory reset ( optional : make a backup of your stock rom ) flash your rom wipe date and factory reset , reboot and $$profit$$
installing a custom rom implies a number of steps : root your phone . flash a custom recovery ( 4ext or cwm ) . store on you sd card a downloaded custom rom . reboot your phone into recovery , select the desired rom and flash it . reboot and have fun . note : please backup your data before doing anything ! better safe than sorry . this article explains in detail each step . you can also find a lot of info about flashing , custom roms and all sort of things on xda developers forums .
to see alternate routes , you need to use navigation as opposed to maps . if you already have maps open , click the blue arrowhead in the upper right to switch to navigation , then click the context button on your phone , then select Route Info , then click the third button to the right along the bottom which will have both a dashed and solid line going to a map pin . alternate routes will appear , and you can select them along the top of the route info map .
i have observed that in navigation mode the routes displayed are from the current location and not between the two locations selected .
if you have your own music collection , you can get a google music account , download the app if it is not already on your phone , and listen to your own tunes all you like . if you are looking for an internet radio app , i would recommend slacker radio , they have a lot of channels with pretty decent selection . pandora is very good , but that only works if you live in the united states .
i heart radio and tunein radio are apps that let you stream fm radio stations . you select the sort of station you like and listen to the music they play . i personally use them for listening to talk radio , but same difference .
depending which country you are in last . fm and spotify are good options for free , streaming music .
you will need to root first . without rooting your device , you will not have access to certain parts of the system , and flashing a rom might crash the device ( most roms need root ) . you can root without erasing or resetting anything , so you can continue with #2 and back stuff up before you flash your rom . configuration you will probably lose , but apps and app data can be backed up through titanium backup . the sd card will not be affected by rooting , resetting , or flashing roms . going back to the stock rom is more difficult , unless you are okay with still being rooted . after root , boot into recovery and choose Backup and Restore-&gt;Backup or similar ( different on different recovery versions ) to do a NANDROID backup . this will store an image of your original rom , and is a one step restore to normal . 3a . unrooting is entirely a more complex process and will involve re-installing your stock rom ( if you can find it online ) and deleting everything on your device . note : again , sd card will be okay , and apps can be restored with titanium backup .
you should flash the rom first , unless you need root in order to flash it . ( you can flash via odin without root , but you need rom manager , which needs root , or something to flash if you do not use odin ) . when you flash a rom that is rooted , your device will be rooted ; if the rom is not rooted , the device will not be rooted . you need root to make a full backup . see how to backup an android device ? if you root first , you can install a custom recovery ( e . g . clockworkmod , via rom manager ) that will let you create a nandroid backup of the full rom . that said , with a samsung device you do not need to do this . you can use a tool called odin to reflash the original firmware as long as you have found it for download somewhere . if you need more details on anything i have mentioned , i suggest searching first -- we have lots of questions on rooting , backups , nandroid / clockwork / rom manager , and odin . see also how do i root my device ? , which has some info on considerations and things you can do before rooting .
bluestacks for mac is currently in " alpha " testing , and is probably your best option at this point , although i do not believe it provides any kind of simple per-app packaging .
the easiest way to install the missing apps would probably to go to the play store on a pc and queue them up for install on the device . you will still have to look on the device and see which ones you need to reinstall ; there is not a way to simplify that process . looking at them the way you are , for the ones that have the " default icon " and the sd card is probably the easiest way to identify them . the " non-friendly " name that you see can be used to search in the google play store and you will be able to find the app from that . or you can append it to the end of the " details " url like this : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.biggu.shopsavvy  that will take you directly to the shop savvy app , then you can install it to the device .
have you tried the following ( taken from google authenticator site : my google authenticator codes arent working ( android ) this might be because the time on your google authenticator app is not synced correctly . to make sure that you have the correct time : go to the main menu on the google authenticator app click settings click time correction for codes click sync now on the next screen , the app will confirm that the time has been synced , and you should now be able to use your verification codes to sign in . the sync will only affect the internal time of your google authenticator app , and will not change your devices date and time settings .
using a card reader , try hp 's disk storage format tool i use this to reformat fake overcapacity flash disks to proper size before and it made my kingston 4gb usb work again after getting corrupted .
the tablet with the cpu you mentioned ( asus memo pad me172v ) is a single-core device . more info on the cpu can be found here . wondermedia technologies , a subsidiary of via technologies , has unveiled the prizm wm8950 , a single core cortex a9 processor running up to 800 mhz with a mali-400 gpu .
the -12 failure code indicates INSTALL_FAILED_OLDER_SDK , meaning that the app was built for - and requires - a version of android that is newer than the version you have on your device ( source ) . for example , you should get this error if you had an android 1.6 device and tried to install an app which required android 2.1 ( or higher ) . you would need to either : update your device to a newer version of android somehow , or ask the app developer if it is possible to build the app for an older version of android .
the list of apps in your screenshot includes " rayman jungle run " . this does not have any reason to send sms messages , and the genuine game listed on google play does not require that permission . it seems likely that you have been taken in by a fake or trojan that pretends to be the game you wanted , but in fact sends sms to premium numbers behind your back , to make money . this is commonplace if you try to download commercial games from game piracy sites . there are also sometimes quite convincing fakes on google play . uninstall the app immediately . if the messages stop , and you are convinced that was the culprit , you should report it to the site you downloaded it from . if you downloaded it from google play , then you can report it directly within the play store app , and google will remove it . if your country has a government agency responsible for policing premium phone and sms services , you should report the app and the number it sent messages to to that agency . they will want to know that the sms number has been used for fraudulent purposes , and may be able to shut down the company that originated the scam .
as @saurin said , it is due to a bug , and they released update . Here is snapshot of reply email from Huawei with instructions.
i was working really hard with that thing and figure out the problematical app . . i am sure that all huawei mobile owner geting help from my answer . as i figure out and search / trace that number from where sms was send i got that is huawei sever number . . it will work like this -> when you first time enter sim card it will auto send sms that number for warranty period start . . but with me i am facing network issues so . . whenever my network disconnect and reestablish it will sens sms . . every time it happens . . i only not figure out its one time process so why it will sent sms every time ? . . anyways there is app in my list called " com . android . huawei . gpms " which is responsible for this activity so simply i go to -> settings -> apps -> all -> com . android . huawei . gpms and disable it . . and that weired problem was solved for now . i had also update app 's pic herewith so other can get help with it . i really hope that other huawei owner with same problem can get help with it . now that is only one query left is why that app every time sent sms when network establish and i am working on it . . if anyone figure out then please let me know . . thank you so much all people . . you all are very quick .
it is not a any app or virus , it is defect of huawei software , you need to install fix available at huawei support-> download site " auto sms fixed software " http://www.huaweidevice.co.in/support/downloads/
i too have the same problem in my huawei u8300 ideos chat handset ! recently this mobile has started giving problem and getting freeze in home screen showing calender . it is also sending sms automatically at night although that sms does not show in sent-log . just in the morning i get notice that inr 1 has been deducted for an sms . i had factory reset it and even upgraded it with their given file in their website i.e. http://www.huaweidevice.co.in/support/downloads/ but even after that this problem is not solved ! finding no way i also approached to their " uttam nagar , delhi service centre " but keeping this handset for long 7 days they returned it in unsolved condition they ( service centre ) claimed that they had make it ok . . . . but while delivering this handset there was no battery backup in it and returning home i found that the same problem of handing and auto sms did not solved ! after factory reset , i have not installed any further softwares in it and keeps it away from internet access . . . then too this problem persists ! any idea - what to do further ?
i realized that i am going on and on in comments for no real reason but perhaps this is better suited for an answer . the only honeycomb build i am aware of for the tab is this one on xda ( there are two versions , gsm and cdma ) . it is , for all intents and purposes , a bleeding-edge attempt to get honeycomb running on the tab . the developer refers to it as an " alpha " and essentially says to expect things to be buggy . since there is no public source code for the 3 . x releases of android yet , the build is based on an extracted image/filesystem from the android sdk , meaning that it is not optimized for the tab and probably lacks 3rd party drivers ( excepting any official 2.2 drivers that happen to be compatible with 3 . x ) . the gsm thread lists the following as " not working " under the current build , meaning this is the minimum you should expect to lose : in general , builds like this show up on devices when a new major release appears in the sdk but they tend to be fairly unstable and also fairly slow . the videos i have seen of this rom appear a bit more performant ( in general ) than other sdk ports i have encountered , but your experience may vary . as for restoring , the " factory reset " option does not usually touch system files on most devices , from what i know . it is possible i am mistaken on this and that the tab does actually restore the firmware , but i am not incredibly familiar with the tab . you will probably want to do a little digging to see what a " factory reset " actually means ( might be in your manual , perhaps ) . that being said , there are instructions for getting a verizon tab back to stock here , and there might be similar ones floating around for other carriers . if you can get a custom recovery on to your device then you can simply back up your system before trying honeycomb and then restore from the backup . the easiest way to do it is probably just to install rom manager and flash clockworkmod recovery from there . there appear to be manual instructions about but they vary by carrier . personally speaking : i would not use an sdk port for anything other than showing off to people ( which can admittedly be a whole lot of fun ) . in a production environment i definitely would not risk it , and i honestly never kept them installed for more than about 30 or 45 minutes at a time to play with before restoring to a stable rom . they were fun sneak-peaks , but i have always found them highly unreliable ( though " your mileage may vary " is probably a good catch phrase here ) . edit : a word of caution to wifi tab users , this post on one of the honeycomb threads indicates that the current roms ( as of 6/19/2011 ) will not work on a wifi tab . i personally can not verify the validity of this statement , but this would not surprise me as other devices ( e . g . the xoom ) have similar incompatibility among roms .
that " thing " is called " homescreen " or " launcher " ( depending on what aspect of it is addressed ) . and you can long-press an empty space on it , then select to add an app , shortcut , or widget . selecting " app " should list up all available apps , so you can pick the one you want on your homescreen . that is it , you should now find an icon on your homescreen to launch the app . a second way to achieve the same is to open the app drawer , and long-press the icon of the app you want to add to your homescreen . usually , the drawer then " blends out " , and you should see your home screen ( s ) . still holding the icon pressed , move it to the place where you want it to be , then let it go . one more hint : the homescreen cannot be handled via " symbolic links " from within the file system . which shortcut exists on which screen and at what position etc . is stored in the app preferences of the homescreen .
the shell you get from adb shell does not run with special privileges , so you can not read or write files that you would not be able to with a normal app . if you want to access apps ' private data files , you still need to get root permission in the usual way , and use su from the shell . it is not possible to bypass the permissions system . if you want to access inaccessible files , you need to root the device , then use a root app to access them .
read an article at this location http://www.anandtech.com/show/4502/tmobile-g2x-review-gingerbread-infused/9 seems to be a software problem . imho root and flash cyanogen or install the rom after reading in xda
for random shut downs , that is definitely a loose battery problem . stick some dental floss ( i used oral-b glide floss ) in the side opposite the battery connectors . i used that floss because it is a bit spongy when you bunch it up but at the same time hard . used about 1.5 feet of it bundled up in my nexus s phone . when you push the battery in , make sure it is tight , but not too tight . this will force the battery to remain contacted at the pins . when the battery is loose and can disconnect from the pins ( for even a fraction of a second ) , you get an open circuit and the phone shuts off completely ( no power ) .
as far as i am know , cyanogenmod is not yet available for the droid 3 . while there maybe someone working on bringing it to that device , it currently is not " supported " . you can look at the wiki page , i think it is one of the more updated pages for supported devices , but then again , it also has not been updated since january . the " most accurate " sites to see if a device is supported is the cm-nightly changelog site and the download site . the nightly changelog site may show devices , but that does not mean they actually have a " stable " version . you would have to check the download site to see if there is a stable version . but as i said , i do not see the droid 3 on there right now . i believe the " codename " for the droid 3 is the " targa " i do want to add , that if you know of a way to root then rooting the device should be possible , you just wont be able to flash cm7 ( for now ) .
there is a very simple solution to your this wish . just simply head over to your settings . after headed , go to developer options . if you do not have the developer options then simply go to about phone> build number and tap the build number several times until you see a message that now you are a developer or something like that . now go to developer options and enable it . now scroll down until you see window animation scale . tap it and choose the time you want . you can even disable it ( set it to off . do the same to transition animation scale and to animator duration scale . you can even set different scale to different animations . and voila there you go ! ! hope it helped ; ) :d
the broadcast channel is surely using radio data system ( rds ) , also called radio broadcast data system ( rbds ) in the united states . it is now common practice ( at least in my country ) to transmit informations like channel 's name , programme 's name or song 's name with this system . your app simply receives and parses these data to display it , like a compatible radio set or car 's radio would do .
one imagines they have built in something like shazam ; an app which fingerprints audio then looks it up in a database ( http://news.cnet.com/8301-1023_3-57617885-93/more-countries-can-shazam-songs-and-listen-on-rdio ) . i doubt the broadcaster has anything to do with it .
stored in the kernel . compiled using known values for specific hardware . flashed to rom . reads the current value . percentifies it .
it has no effect on battery life , but it just resets the battery consumption statistics , that is it notes battery changes between different activities . . . but this is what google engineer diane hackborn posted on his g+ " this file [ batterystats . bin ] is used to maintain , across reboots , low-level data about the kinds of operations the device and your apps are doing between battery changes . that is , it is solely used to compute the blame for battery usage shown in the " battery use " ui in settings . that is , it has deeply significant things like " app x held a wake lock for 2 minutes " and " the screen was on at 60% brightness for 10 minutes . " it has no impact on the current battery level shown to you . it has no impact on your battery life . "
looking through the android source code recently ( i am new to android building and am still getting used to what makes android tick ) , i came across a file somewhere that had all sorts of calibration statistics and figures . all of the figures are set by the vendor of the device itself . from how many mahs the battery holds , to what values different device features affect the battery ( like wifi scanning , screen brightness etc ) . i would assume that it is these figures ( from the vendor ) , that the kernel uses to help itself calculate battery level . also , batteries come with little chips in them these days , to provide overcharge protection etc . the chip quite possibly reports on it is health status to the device . but that is merely just a personal assumption based on the fact that i do not use a stock battery ( i use a zero lemon in my i9300 which triples my life between charges ) , and my phone knows the difference ( it does not drop the same percentage in a given time compared to stock ) . i hope this helps ! !
i have been using locale to turn on wifi and to switch to 2g based on location and have seen battery life improve . this was on my rooted g1/cm5 and also on my g2/cm6 . on my g2 , keeping wifi on at home and turning to 2g when at work improves battery life a lot . i also turn off sync while at work .
i am the developer of locale . battery life is a key metric that we test extensively . the only feature in locale that has any real effect on the battery is the location condition . at the time of this writing , the location condition in locale 1.4.3 can accurately detect 100-meter location changes within 4 minutes on average , while using 3% or less of the battery . if you have configured locale to turn wi-fi or bluetooth on/off , then battery life may actually improve depending on the exact configuration .
if you trigger events by gps co-ordinates ( and possibly wifi ) , then they will drain your battery significantly , like any other gps app would do . if you trigger events by date/time , etc . then you will experience minimal battery reduction . often the benefits of these apps weigh beyond any downside , i.e. turning your brightness down or screen timeout down when your battery is getting low .
for locale , both gps and wifi triggers can drain the battery more quickly . locale 's built-in location condition can consider cell towers without gps if you set the diameter of the location condition to about 2km . there is also a locale condition plugin , " location ( energy-saving ) " , which uses cell towers to determine location . it takes advantage of the fact that the phone is already listening for towers . the biggest potential drawback for using the energy-saving location is when you are in an area dense with cell towers , like a major urban downtown with lots of tall buildings ( especially if you work higher up where lots of towers are visible to the phone ) .
i am a long-time user of locale and a fairly new user of tasker . i find both to be very helpful tools in managing my device automatically . i use locale for all gps-related tasks . vibrate when at work between work hours . silent when at home between sleeping hours . when i first installed tasker i ported over these profiles and found that my battery life was decreased dramatically no matter how i tweaked the polling settings . tasker is more of a action/response application in my setup . when placed in the car dock , tasker autokills the car home application , enables bluetooth , and launches google navigation . when headphones are plugged in launch the cubed music player . disable vibration on all notifications when the computer usb cable is plugged in . i do not mind running both or having paid for both but i was disappointed in that i could not accomplish everything in tasker . the dual setup gives me at least 30% more battery life than running tasker alone . if you do choose tasker , be sure to experiment with the polling frequency of gps and network-based location . that also helps vary the battery usage dramatically .
do not forget that when using sensor based profiles . . combine them with non-sensor based . . like dont use a profile that will only check light level and adjust the display . . combine it with ' display on ' and a cooldown of some minutes . . and dont let it change level if it already has that level . . the battery use is in the hands of the user . check every profile you create if it uses any additional battery and if so . . tweak it . always have your location checked on cell instead of gps and if more accuracy is needed , still have your gps triggered by cell near . . so you get near an area , that will turn on the gps . . trigger your app . . . and have it switch off gps as soon as app is killed . . . when configuring cell near , let it ' roam ' for at least a minute , so you get all the cells needed . this kind of making tasks will make tasker a true battery saver .
as locale , tasker tries to minimize battery drain . of course , if using gps location , it needs to check gps -- which itself consumes a lot of battery when permanently updating the current position . but there is an easy solution to this issue . combining location conditions is where saving can kick-in : if you only need a raw position , stay with the cell near condition . as cells are either known to the system for telephony issues , this needs no " extra power " . if cell near is not exact enough , going with network based location is a little more accurate -- though this requires a little more battery power as well . if you need an as-accurate-as-possible location , combine conditions . e.g. put a cell near condition for the raw location , and add a gps position for more accuracy . tasker then would use gps only when the cell near condition matches . this way you have the best of two worlds : energy saving while not close to the configured locations , and accuracy for triggering the desired action .
not that i am aware of , however you could try double twist for similar functionality .
the easiest way to do this is use google music , and specifically the google music manager . go to music . google . com and download the music manager . it will run in the background on your computer and upload everything in itunes , including new downloads/purchases , to google music . finally just download the google music app to your android and you are all set . a few caveats : this seems to be a one-way sync . so deleting a file from itunes will not delete from google music , or vice versa the google music app on android is a little different from itunes/iphone model . the music is not automatically downloaded to the phone unless you explicitly set it up that way . by default you have to stream the music , which requires an internet connection . apple drmed content cannot be uploaded to google music and therefore will not be transfered using this method .
there is also missing sync for android to sync your itunes playlists ( and associated files ) to your phone . it works pretty well .
yes , you can actually use doubletwist in combination with tunesync ( or tunesync alone ) to sync with itunes although you are limited to songs that are not drm'd by apple . you can also do it without any app on your phone with notpod ( windows only ) . the only drawbacks that i am aware with either of these are not being able to use drm and people have reported some unreliability . the problem in general with syncing android with itunes is that it may work today but if apple changes something in an update you may get locked out until someone comes up with another work around . if you are all android now , i would recommend on cutting itunes out of the picture all together . edit : here 's a couple other options i have come across that are pretty awesome : dazzboard isyncr wifi add-on . you need an app and a desktop client . the app costs a little but the desktop software is free . this one seems like the coolest option so far . edit 2: i happened upon another app . . . music withme : syncs your phone itunes over wifi or 3g . it does not stream the music , it download it to your phone . also , i do not think it can handle drm'd tracks . it is little pricey at $15 , especially with the currently less than stellar reviews , but it may be one to watch .
by testing with another device ( xperia z running android 4.2.2 ) i have discovered that the bluetooth pairing prompt is actually a jelly bean 's feature which is not available in ice cream sandwich or earlier version of android
i am gonna answer my own question here . apparently , something i did enabled the built in wifi tethering . . . before , it would fail when it attempted to validate it with t-mobile , but now it goes through that part just fine . . when it makes the hotspots , it is named foxfisomething-or-another so foxtrot might have something to do with it , but i think it was one of the flashable zips . . when i figure it out for certain , i will update this answer .
when you switch sim cards , the phone does a factory reset . it thinks you sold the phone to someone else , or something . if you did not back up the contacts that were on the phone storage , they are lost .
if like most people you use a google account on your android phone , import your contacts to your google account , then they will be on any future android phone as soon as you sign in .
i found a pre-installed app on the htc wildfire transfer data that transferred all contacts and sms from the old sonyericsson phone , it was exactly what i needed .
you can copy all your sim contacts to htc wildfire s . import them as phone contacts , google contacts , or exchange activesync contacts , if you have set up the relevant accounts . from the home screen , tap > people . on the all tab , press , and then tap import/export > import from sim card . if you have google or exchange activesync accounts set up on htc wildfire s , tap the type for the imported contacts . do one of the following : tap one or more sim contacts you want to import . to import all contacts , press , and then tap select all . tap save .
two questions : are you sure the sim contacts were really imported or only displayed . is the option to show phone contacts checked after you changed the sim . if you go to contacts , press menu -> import/export -> import from sim card . the sim contacts should be imported into the phone and remain there . it is then just a matter of getting phone contacts displayed .
follow these steps : open contacts . you can reach this from the contacts shortcut in your app drawer or home screen , or via the contacts tab in your phone dialer . press the menu button . select import/export . select export from sim . click select all , or manually tick each contact you wish to copy to the phone . you may be asked where to copy the contacts to ; select the appropriate option . it takes no more than a second or two to copy over a few hundred contacts , so you will be done in less than the time it takes to send yourself just one via sms .
it is a known issue with the applocker app : http://code.google.com/p/applocker/issues/detail?id=8 it creates too many linux processes , causing devices to slow way down due to lack of memory .
gmail will ask you to login again if it detects change of sim card . gmail does not store your credentials in internal memory unencrypted . phone has to be rooted to read from internal memory . your phone can not be unlocked without the correct graphical pin combination .
i also had this issue recently . i only had one , vertical band , but it still affected use , mostly typing . i demonstrated the issue ( seen below ) and contacted the [ ebay ] seller . they promptly classified it as defective and sent me a new one . this will most likely be the solution to your problem as well . as i did , i would use a drawing program to verify , and inquire about a replacement screen and digitizer .
there is not , and there are several reasons why this list would be bad for android users:- every new app starts at zero downloads . focusing on the number of downloads alone would keep old apps at the top of the list , even if they have stopped being updated , while making it much harder for new apps to take off . even among apps that are all as popular as each other , the older one would always be higher in the list . if a million people downloaded an app but uninstalled it right away , that means it is less likely to be good , not more likely . using only number of downloads would give you the wrong information . free apps get more downloads than paid apps , because there is less risk : if it does not do what you want , or it does not work , or you just do not like it , you can uninstall it again . there is already a widespread feeling in the industry that only free apps can survive in the market , for this reason . this is what is led to the growth of apps with ads ( and no option to pay to remove them ) , and microtransaction-based games . making a list based on only downloads would further depress the sales of paid apps , driving the industry towards making more microtransaction-based games and apps . google play already has a big problem with fake downloads , ratings , and reviews . unscrupulous developers pay ( say ) $1 a time for a download with a five-star rating . the download might be performed by a user in an affiliate scheme ( so he gets paid , or some other reward , for downloading the app ) or using devices with malware . it is an arms race between google finding these scams , and the unscrupulous agencies performing them . the fact that google keeps the exact method it uses to decide which apps to show secret is its main tool in making the system hard-to-game . having a list based on downloads alone would make fake-downloads more effective , which in turn makes the list even less useful , and would increase the value to hackers of compromised android devices and google accounts . it seems you have already realised a little about these differences : in one part of your question , you ask about " number of downloads " , then about " which apps people are downloading the most " ( i.e. . recently , not total number of downloads ever ) , and then later you want to know " which apps are actually used the most " . these are all different quantities . to come up with the right answer to all your questions , you need a number that is based on the number of downloads over time , weighted to take more recent popularity into account more , along with the " bounce rate " ( how many users uninstall the app right away or after a single use ) , and users ' ratings , also considering the statistical difference between free and paid apps . on top of this , it needs to discourage people gaming the system by not giving too much weight to any one parameter . this is exactly what google play already does .
this answer cheats a little , by suggesting a competitor site for downloads . i use appbrain appmarket , because its recommendations are broader , and collected over a variety of dimensions - hot today , hot this week , all-time popular , highest rated , latest , popular by country , demographics ( men , women , age ( young , 20s , 30s , and older ) ) . this is more data than google 's play store carries or reports .
there is an application called infinite design available in both free and paid versions . it will allow you to export to svg for editing in your favorite graphics editor . it is been tested and works in adobe illustrator and inkscape ( paid version only ) . free version : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.brakefield.idfree paid version : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.brakefield.id another application is called simplector , again available in both free and paid ( pro ) versions : free version : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=plasma.vector.editor.app pro version : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=plasma.vector.editor.app.pro i cannot comment on the functionality and image quality compared to similar ipad applications .
originally posted by @ott-- in the comments , this answer did the trick . i am posting it as an answer since ott-- has not . is not the target named /sdcard or /storage/sdcard and not /system/sdcard ?
simply flash any compatible gsm rom to your phone ( look for one on xda-developers forums ) via recovery console after performing another round of wipe . whatever incompatible drivers and radios were introduced by the cdma version will be overwritten , and the phone should boot successfully . after that you can continue searching for the rom with full arabic support .
if you are using a custom rom ( like cyanogenmod ) or stock android go to Settings&gt;Display&gt;Automatic backlight . click on enable and select the window length option to change the time according to your needs .
i had a similar issue , but it was with visual voicemail notifications . easy fix for this instead of calling t-mobile is to : login to your T-mobile account &gt; plans &gt; services unselect the free visual voice mail service go into your phone and go into apps &gt; running apps and disable all the t-mobile services ( apps labeled in pink ) since then , i do not see notifications for visual voicemail .
i think aside from calling your carrier , there are only so many [ few ] things you can do . i have been reading , and it seems like you can change your voicemail number in settings so call forwarding would be an option . http://forums.androidcentral.com/samsung-galaxy-s4/276901-there-way-turn-off-voicemail-notifications.html and a very helpful youtube video http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_exn-8wxtk8 from the video : force stopping the phone application will clear all notifications from the phone application , including the voicemail notification .
i am in the same boat as you . since i found no way to actually disable voicemail notifications on my nexus 5 , i instead configured the longest possible voicemail greeting the t-mobile system would allow , which consists of complete silence for 3 minutes . i have not gotten a single voicemail notification since .
you can install and configure t-mobile 's own visual voicemail app . you will get notified about your voicemails through it instead of the system 's phone/dialer app , with the ability to dismiss that notification . as a bonus , you can also listen to and delete your voicemails without having to dial in and waste prepaid minutes . be aware that this app needs to be able to send and receive one sms message in order to enable its functionality . if you are using voice+ feature of cyanogenmod custom rom , you will need to temporarily disable it .
you can try move the file from card reader , bluetooth , or download from email . i use ast android sms transfer , this software have the same functions , and i feel it is easy to use . ast android sms transfer website : http://www.android-sms-transfer.com
i have not tested it out , but try the wifi file explorer by dooblou . here 's the link : http://www.pcworld.com/appguide/app.html?id=648691expand=false sounds like it should do the job you are looking for .
you can use a third-party launcher app like nova launcher . nova will let you scroll vertically or horizontally via Nova Settings &gt; Drawer &gt; Drawer Style .
i do not think this is possible . i had a look around in the settings , but also could not find something to change this scrolling . but there is not a single sense version that i can remember where it was possible to change this setting . so seems very unlikely that they will have changed this .
i had the same reaction about missing the horizontal scrolling . i could not figure out nova launcher the first time around , so i uninstalled it ( but might try it again later - looks cool ) . however , i also found this in a review , which may help you : the app menu in htc sense 5.0 has a clean and streamlined feel to it , and scrolls up and down rather than left to right like the s4 . however , if you happen to scroll horizontally out of habit , the app drawer will automatically move to the next screen . i tried it , and it worked for me . not as smooth as being able to page horizontally by default , but for me it is good enough .
if you move and the signal gets stronger , that does not mean you moved closer to the wi-fi hotspot . because of shadowing and reflections , the signal strength varies unpredictably from place to place . the signal your phone receives is almost never a direct , line-of-sight signal , unless both you and the hotspot are in a huge , empty field . you had have to measure almost every point in the room to find the very best signal : any kind of " warmer , colder " method is not going to work at all . your best bet is just to tune it like a tv : try all the places you can put the phone down , and just see which one gives you the best signal . you do not need to go by the indicator on the notification bar , though : there are many apps that will tell you the received signal strength of all the wi-fi networks in the area . wi-fi analyzer is one ad-supported example , and there are lots more .
no , unfortunately you can not have your cake and eat it too . at least not by just using the native dialer . android will only choose a ringtone based on caller id . there is the option of setting up sip droid or grooveip for the sole purpose of ringing for an incoming call . you could continue to forward gv to your cell as well as the second number picked up by those apps , and you would simply know they are calling your gv number because that app is ringing . a bit hacky , as you have two apps ringing ( native dialer and the second app you chose ) , but it is an option . i think they can be set up to reject a call after a few seconds , so you would note that they rang for a couple seconds , then pick up the native dialer knowing it is coming via gv . if you have a good enough connection , you could disable forwarding gv to your cell and instead only forward to your chat client ( which is used by grooveip or sip droid ) . then you would set that program to make a different ringtone , and you would have the person 's correct caller id . but it means your call goes over data , which can be less reliable .
as you noted , you can upgrade the device software . you can also back your contacts , text messages up , and you can sync photos or videos/movies both ways . you can view movies from your phone on your pc directly , that goes both ways ; watch from cell on pc and from pc on cell . i believe you also can download apps from kites onto your cell but that does not work anymore because of google 's market policies . apparently , you also can make your cell work as a modem , but i did not try that so . . . anyways , as edelcom and mru said before me it still needs some work to live up to what it should do and to keep up with handset itself . lastly , in samsung defense , kies is not just for androids , it is their software for the whole cellphones lines , and many users are happy with it , obviously not us , android handsets ' owners .
i think you are correct . at least i do not use kies for anything apart from upgrading the firmware . lately it is better , but i think that the kies software is far from the quality of the galaxy phone and it is operating system .
basically you are right . you may use it for synchronizing your data between the mobile and the computer , but nobody really wants to do so with such crappy kind of software .
i had to install kies because i needed the samsung-win7-usb-dirvers , that are neccessary to connect laptop to internet via cellphone via usb . found no other source where i can get the drivers .
just a quick search results show me that you may try power off and removing the battery some people face the same issue after update
install android without updating grub , then boot into your linux system and put entries in /etc/grub.d/40_custom as follows menuentry "android"{ set root = hdx,y here in **hdx , y ( as per your android system ) install location and android-version as you are using , then make that file exexcutable . chmod +x 40_custom then do grub2-mkconfig -o /boot/grub/grub.cfg reboot , and while rebooting press shift to see menu entry " andriod " .
there is a mount command builtin : mount [-r] [-w] [-o options] [-t type] device directory  as i have yet looked into /mnt , i can see only entries owned by root , system or sdcard_rw . i guess you need privileged rights to perform mounting ! if you have them you could just try mounting if you know the device name . as you questioned partition tools ( in order to get the device name ) i can not help you here , but you could just execute mount ( with no arguments ) and maybe your hard disk already shows up and/or you could conclude the partition you want to mount .
the android 's linux kernel would not have the sata/ide hard drives drivers installed into the kernel , all it can see is flash cards mmc , understands ext3fs and ext4fs , vfat filesystems so the answer to the question is no you cannot see other partitions outside of the domain of android itself ! what you can do though is this , build a new linux kernel with the appropriate drivers installed in place , then the mounts would work : )
fdisk &lt;device&gt; will show you all the partitions available on a certain drive . if you have installed android on the same drive as your linux mint , you already know that the drive works with android , so just try something like fdisk /dev/block/sda in your case ( no partition number , just the device sda ) . from there you should be able to figure out what partition ( sda# ) contains linux mint and mount it from there with mount . as always , use man or google for explanations and examples for all the commands : )
sorry but it is not possible to boot from an external sd card since when the phone powers up the processor start to execute code at a fixed adress in the nand , and you can not change that .
as the screenshot clearly shows , the app to take screenshots and the app to indicate the battery level never got closed . yes your are absolutely correct , even it display no of application are closed it actually free resources used by application . as per my understanding it closes some running services which are nothing but ui less applications . some applications which are installed in device uses this service for many reasons such as alarm clock , or to check periodic update of an applications etc . there are some service though that even you close them manually they just get restarted .
some custom roms have problems with displaying the correct mac addresses . . atleast my cm7 rom has this problem that makes it troublesome to connect to wifi . try to investigate on that matter .
certain public networks have their own firewall to protect the network . some are password protected with encryption . wi-fi has its own limit and boundaries . to connect to public networks it needs its access permission .
if your phone is waiting for an ip address , then your wifi is connected . and the third last row in your log seems to confirm this status : 03-19 13:12:22.441 D/AutoSetting( 4710): Util - wifi connected if you can not get a valid ip address , then : the network does not have a dhcp server the network has been explicitly instructed not to give ip addresses to everybody ( a whitelist ) your wifi lost a dhcpoffer packet so it is not able to go on with the negotiation the interesting part of the third case is that it is not necessary for the signal strength of the network to be excessively low . i suspect that also the implementation of the network components has its role in such cases . for example , i recently had lots of issues setting up a temporary wpa2 network using hostap on my home computer . my android phone simply refused to get an ip address more than half of the times . whatching my dhcpserver logs i noticed that the negotiation procedure stopped just because my phone stopped answering packets in the middle of the negotiation for apparently no reason . well , i did not investigate further the problem ( too much time lost with it ) but now i know that there are really many things that can go wrong setting up a wpa network .
a possibility is that the network is in range , but not strong enough to be connected to . i get this occasionally on my device - i can see the wifi hotspot in the settings menu , and attempt to connect to it , but it just stays stuck on ' connecting ' for a while , and then gives up . i attributed this to the network signal not being strong enough , as if i moved closer to the router , it would connect .
many public wifi hotspots require a user to log in via a web page . sometimes , there is a trial offer like for 30 minutes after which one might need to pay for extended use etc . it is best that you enquire with the tech support / help desk of the mall/airport / organization that provides the access . update : also , in case the hotspots are configured as ad-hoc networks , android devices by default do not connect . there are some ways around this though . depends on your phone and os and of course , one needs to be rooted .
note : attempting fastboot flash on ur device may cost you your data . so be careful i figured out that i had an outdated android sdk . i downloaded the latest one , and did : fastboot flash boot fastboot flash recovery fastboot flash userdata and in a couple of minutes i had the stock rom up and running .
you will have to be rooted to control from home screen . button savior root will do this for you . you can also download and install volume control + which allows you . to . modify the volume without a rooted device - you will have to use the widget or app ui however .
i suggest you better battery stats , it is what you are looking for .
check rf signal tracker also open signal maps
there are a some apps available which would answer your question . the probably best ones include . . . nosignalalert , which not only alerts you when you lost the signal , but also provides a log 1 of those events , and lets you even browse those " dead zones " on a map and display the collected log information along 2 opensignalmaps , offering similar features , and giving you the ability to show nearby cells 3 ( so if your signal is low , and you want to have a conversation , you can move in the right direction 4 for a stronger signal ) if you are primarily interested in mapping signal quality , antennas might be worth a look as well 5 . it can export collected data to kml , so you can display it in google maps / google earth on your computer as well . then there also is already mentioned rf signal tracker , again rather interesting for mapping 6 , which additionally tracks wifi signal last but not least : g-nettrack is also good for mapping 8 of daily routes and the like . what might be of even more interest to you is how to automatically react on a weak signal in order to save some juice . if so , i recommend you taking a look at the question cell standby and how can i keep it from eating my battery ? ( and of course its answer ) .
have you tried holding the button down ? when the phone is running , a single quick press on the power button will usually wake it up . when it is completely off , like due to the battery being removed , you often have to hold the button down for a short while . you should also make sure it is charged using a wall charger . a completely depleted phone may not be able to charge from the usb port of a laptop . beyond that , i have seen cases where the power button wore out .
with google now/voice actions i do not think there is any way to do this . some actions will happen automatically after a short delay ( "note to self . . . " is one i know offhand ; there may be others ) , but text messaging requires you to actually press the " send " button on the card that pops up . however , you could try a third-party app for these specific functions that you had like to be completely hands-free . dragon works a bit more closely to siri , acting in a conversational manner , and will prompt you for a " yes/no " to send a message in a very similar fashion . skyvi is another option you could try , which will send text messages automatically after a 5 second delay ( during which time you can press a " cancel " button to stop the sending ) .
you can use widgetlocker as @onik said , but if you search for " lock screen " at the android market you will have a lot of alternatives , like for example wp7lock
try widgetlocker , it is very customizable and my favorite .
i have an htc desire x . what i do is to put a password on my phone and just plug it in without unlocking the screen , which lets the phone charge without giving someone on the computer the ability to open your files . hope that helps .
strictly speaking as long as you leave the data lines open the behavior depends on the phone and the computer you plug it into . your best option would be hardware-only to make sure that the computer does not get to see any of the data . a recently funded kickstarter project named lockedusb aims to provide exactly that , also in light of potentially malicious " charging stations " in public places . i am not linking it since that may be considered spam and that is certainly not the intent behind this answer . a web search can lead the way to them . from their description : lockedusb is an small adapter that allows secure charging of your personal devices . it physically disconnects the data lines , while keeping intruders away from your personal information . with this kind of solution you will also avoid bad surprises when you forget to switch something off in software on the phone and thereby involuntarily expose your device . aside from that it is a generic solution that will work without software support on either side and gives you the peace of mind you seem to be looking for when charging your device in other peoples ' computers . disclosure : i am one of the funders of the above mentioned project on kickstarter .
when your phone is plugged into a computer there should be a usb symbol in the notifications bar . tapping the notification associated with this should allow you to switch between mtp/ptp ( whichever you have selected in settings ) and " just charge " . edit : apologies , it looks as though this is an htc-specific thing , and not general . i am new here - should i leave this answer with this edit , or delete the answer ?
you will want to odin a stock ( or nearly stock ) rom after a softbrick . this guide on xda looks pretty good and includes a pre-rooted but largely stock rom that should work for you . if step 4 fails , disconnect and reconnect your phone to the pc ; if it still fails , reboot the phone and try again .
you can have app-specific notification settings . have you gone into the settings of the offending apps to see whether they are set to vibrate on notifications ?
install an app called audiomanager . it has separate vibrate checkboxes for alerts and ringer . setting the checkbox for alerts fixed the issue for me .
this is usually caused by a wrong/corrupted/replaced /efs/nv_data.bin . if you have a backup of /efs it is likely , that some rom installer created one for you . if you have a backup of the /efs folder on your sd-card then it is safe to simply copy the files from the backup to /efs: this should restore your imei back to the factory value . if you do not have a backup of /efs then you have to go with zuul 's answer .
fyi the cyanogenmod 10 is the first update with the code to detect an invalid imei . you could already have an invalid imei and do not know about it . the issue with an invalid imei is that you may have emergency calling problems ( inability to do emergency calls ) . confirm imei does the imei reported match the number under your battery ? dial *#06# and the imei will be presented on your screen . possible solution from this code . google . com thread , the user at comment 5 managed to solve the issue : steps i took to solve the problem : flash my phone by odin to version 2.2.1 update to cm9 using recovery with stabile version od cm9 http://download.cyanogenmod.com/get/jenkins/5805/cm-9.0.0-galaxysmtd.zip update to cm10 using last version of kernel . i used cm-10-20120822-nightly-galaxysmtd . between steps i did wipe data/factory reset and wipe cache partition . now my imei is correct . after cleaning the phone and updates do cm10 i recommend installing gapps-jb-20120726-signed , because your phone will be clean as a baby after birth .
just flash your device with official firmware . it may be a problem with the cyanogenmod 10 nightly builds , not your device .
rationale the traditional concept of mapping names to numbers which many people know from cell phones does not really apply to smartphones . here the idea is that there is one central instance , the contacts app , that holds information about your contacts and how you can reach them , which could include a phone number but not mandatorily . often there is also e-mail , third party messaging ( whats app ) , third party voip ( skype ) social ( micro ) blogs ( twitter , google+ ) or various social networks . ( facebook , lastfm , . . . ) . use www.google.com/contacts i recommend to move all information about contacts that is stored on your sim card to the google contacts . furthermore gmail will only show contacts that have a e-mail address . so there is no need to have something like phone-only contacts . the cloud idea is to have every piece of data ( or information if you want ) everywhere available . why do you want to have some contacts just on one device ? i know it is hard for some people that their contact app suddenly shows hundreds of contacts from different sources , but google/android provides techniques to deal with that too : use contacts groups . most google software is able to show only certain contact groups ( but will run contact searches for the whole contact set ) .
making a dual boot is possible , there is a nice app for that end available from google play store . boot manager pro ( 2,17 ) and the boot manager lite ( free ) , both from init 2 winit apps . boot manager is android 's first multi-boot application . it allows you to install boot roms from your sdcard and boot between then with just a reboot . the application acts as your recovery for your sdcard slots . install your kernels , themes , and roms all through the app and use your normal recovery for your phone rom only . unfortunately , i have not found any supporting information if this will or will not share apps between roms , but at the very least it solves the dual boot problem . ps : since apps when installed on the sdcard still leave a portion of their code on the main installation directory of the current rom , it does not seen possible to have apps shared across different roms .
in the cyanogenmod zip 's updater script , remove the entire assert() line . that will remove the device identity verification and will let the recovery commence flashing immediately .
i know this answer 's a bit late , but you have not received a good one yet ! in titanium backup , you can do menu -> more -> overview of app storage use , then order by data size . not only will you have your apps sorted by data size , ti shows you the size with graphical bars , so you can compare apps at a glance and see what is huge vs . tiny . see the last screenshot on the market ( the free version ) for an example . another option : app 2 sd by sam lu . not as pretty , and the apps are split over 3 screens , but it is possible by doing menu -> sort by -> data size . finally , if you have a rooted phone and an ext partition , you can move some or all of your data to the ext partition and gain tons of space !
check out diskusage . it'll let you see what is consuming the most space on either internal or sd card .
1tap cleaner is capable of that , i use it all the time to clear data-hogging apps . once in the app choose cache cleaner then bring up the settings > sort by size > data size .
have you tried sdptool . this link has " sdptool " command syntax . you can issue the command even from adb shell on your connected android phone . but i guess this quires the other bluetooth devices . but this will be good starting point for you .
click on the people ( contact ) app and click the menu button and go to settings -> contacts to display -> customize . then make sure only " my contacts " and " stared in android " are enabled . google should not be adding random emails to my contacts ( since those should be ones you specifically added and the " all other contacts " should contain all the addresses you sent emails to ) . if those emails are part of my contacts , i believe your only option is to manually go through your contacts and change it . luckily , google has a web interface to allow this at http://contacts.google.com . when you are there , you can click the checkbox on all the contacts you do not want shown on your phone and then click the groups icon ( 3rd button over , it shows 3 people on it ) , and then uncheck the my contacts checkbox . the next time your phone syncs your contacts , it will fix your contacts list .
you could always remove the home number from your contact information . it will then match your wife when getting a call from home . you can try re-adding the home number back to your own contact card and see if the change sticks . if you have the home number in your own contact info as well as your wife 's , android will display the first contact it finds . since your ' self ' card was probably synced before your wife 's card , android shows your ' self ' card as the incoming contact . ( whereas before , you likely added the home number to your wife 's contact first , then to your ' self ' card later ) . there is another android . se question asking a similar question .
greenify and task killer kill your apps , but greenify also disable the receiver in the greenified apps . this way the apps will not be able to start again stealthily . the pro version can act as a gcm proxy , in which gcm messages are rerouted to greenify and it can wake a greenified apps , giving you the best of both world ( no ram and cpu usage , yet still able respon to push message ) for messaging and email apps .
if you go into storage options on your phone under external sd card there should be an option to unmount sd card for safe removal . select this option and once it is unmounted open the back of the phone eject the sd card , open the back of the galaxy s2 , insert the sd card and you have successfully moved your sd card !
try using myphoneexplorer . this allows sms sending from computer via android machines . i have been using it for years .
no , it does not support sending text messages on pc
kies air does support sending of sms thru pc . you need to connect the pc and your handset with the same network .
you can not . but , on the other hand , you can use the kies air application , which you can obtain through samsung apps . it allows you to access your mobile on the desktop browser if both pc and phone share the same wifi network . then you would be able to send/recv messages on the desktop , amid many other things like accessing photos , videos , contacts , call logs , music , file system . . . and so on . it is like a small web interface to your mobile .
samsung kies - usb connection to pc : does not support sms sending kies air - wi-fi connection with device : supports sms sending
you have downloaded an app using an advertising platform that uses these ads . these ads are actually against google play 's developer policies , so when you find the app ( see below ) that is doing this , be sure to report it . there are a few ways to find the app : when did the adverts start ? if you can remember this , try and think of any apps you might have installed not long before they started , and uninstall them . are there any apps in your manage apps area that should not be there ? uninstall them , and see if the adverts go away . check through all your apps , and look at the permissions . adverts like these will need loads of permissions , so if you see an app with many permissions which it may not need , uninstall it and see if the adverts go . if the worst comes to the worst , you can factory reset and reinstall all your apps one by one , however this is a last resort , as you will lose all of your data .
edit : as per lie 's comment below , it looks to be us-only . the proxy site i use apparently changed to hosting in the uk :p i am in canada , and also tried from a us uk ( my bad ) proxy . it does not show up . a quick google search shows that the url for the page with the tablet apps should be https://market.android.com/details?id=apps_tablet_featured . using this link directly does not work either , whereas https://market.android.com/details?id=apps_featured ( the regular featured apps ) does . so i think google just had it up temporarily and took it down . or , if daniel can still see it , they are doing what google normally does : rolling out new features slowly , to only some users at a time .
using a higher current charger will not be a problem . the phone " pulls " current , rather than having the current " pushed " to it by the charger , so it will only take as much current as it wants , regardless of how much the charger is capable of supplying . by relation , there is no point in getting a charger with a current rating higher than your phone will accept . it is just a waste of money , as your phone will not make use of the extra capability . exactly how much current your phone will accept is usually unspecified and is generally only determinable by direct measurement ( i.e. . put a multimeter in the circuit ) , and thus generally is not practical to exactly determine for an everyday user . 1a chargers are fairly standard and would be completely adequate for almost any phone . chargers with more current than that are generally intended for tablets/phablets which have much larger batteries and will accept more current ( e . g . 10" tablets generally charge at around 2.5a ) . your phone will charge off those fine , but as i said above , just will not take advantage of the extra current capability you paid for .
the 700ma is safer bet but will result in longer charging period than the 1a/850ma . the 1a charger would be charging faster but might not be preferable ( check your battery for the details voltage and current ) . ps : incompatible chargers tend to cause weird ghost touches in the touch screen .
the incredible 2 has a defective charging port that does not typically last a long time . it is an extremely common issue with this phone . chances are , this is what you are seeing . disclaimer : i have been using my current dinc2 for ~18 months and have not had this issue yet , but i did see it on a used phone i attempted to buy . anyway , my plan for if/when this does happen is : repair htc incredible 2 usb charge port the part is supposed to be $12 and takes an hour to do . if you are not comfortable doing it yourself , i would take it to a cell phone repair shop .
c source code is compiled into executable code . there is very little need for c source code files to exist on android devices . if you want linux kernel source you need to head over to kernel . org .
although difficult to generalize , in a pretty good number of cases , using a lock screen pin/password is not going to be sufficient to prevent someone from wiping your phone and/or flashing it with a new rom . it may be an effective enough deterrent to prevent them from accessing your personal data , but there are a few considerations that go along with that , as well . firstly , if the bootloader is unlockable , then there is effectively no way to prevent someone from reflashing the device . the fastboot utility will give them the ability to flash unsigned images once the bootloader is unlocked , and unlocking it will not be prevented by any userspace security ( like a pin/password or keeping usb debugging disabled ) . nexus devices always have unlockable bootloaders , so those are a given . for other devices , you can typically find out if your device has an unlockable bootloader by visiting the development portal of your manufacturer 's website . samsung devices will use odin/heimdall instead of fastboot ( excepting some outliers , like nexus devices made by samsung which also have fastboot ) , but you can generally find out if a samsung device will accept unsigned images via a bit of searching ( in many cases they will ) . some devices have other ways of accessing fastboot/recovery , some more esoteric than others . it is not terribly uncommon for there to be a key combination that will boot a device into its stock recovery system , which will provide some means of performing a factory reset , thereby removing any lock screen security that was configured on the device . another complication can be if the device recognizes a factory cable . the kindle fire , for example , would let you flash an unsigned image with a factory cable , meaning you could actually get a custom recovery installed without wiping the device . this would put all of your data at risk if the attacker was properly equipped and technologically savvy . there are probably other concerns that i am not considering here , as well , but these are the basic ones aside from bootloader exploits and the like , which are not really predictable in the long-term . in general , though , there is a saying about security which microsoft sums up as such : if a bad guy has unrestricted physical access to your computer , it is not your computer anymore . . . and that is a pretty accurate way of putting it for an android device . if your concern is securing your data then userspace security like a lock screen password , locked bootloader , and keeping usb debugging off are going to be great defenses . if you are looking to secure your device such that no attacker could make use of it , then you have got a significant uphill battle , and the odds of winning are going to be very slim ( and quite possibly zero ) . nb : for your specific scenario : the moto g is supported by motorola 's bootloader unlock program . therefore , userspace security will not prevent someone from resetting or reflashing your device .
yes you have full 16gb for apps+data together in a single file system . you will not have to do any moving to sd card any more . google merged both partitions . it is just one big file system now with sections for the former parts . it is completely transparent , so no worries for you . formerly : /data and /sdcard were separate partitions galaxy nexus / nexus 7 and others running jelly bean : one single partition for both , i.e. no need to decide how to divide the space for both any more . to make it more generic : the partition layout will however not change for former phones ( most probably ) , so devices which got upgraded to 4 . x+ will still have separate file systems for both /data and /sdcard . if your device has an additional micro sd card this will also be separate still . by the way : this is the reason why there is no usb-thumbdrive functionality any more for the galaxy nexus ( because /sdcard is not a single partition any more and also there is no fat32 formatted partition internally ( except for sd cards if existent ) )
if an app does not run in the foreground , it is usually " frozen" ; this means , its memory structure is kept ( so you can " recall " it faster , and no additional i/o + cpu is needed to restart it ) -- but gets ( almost ) no cpu-cycles assigned . there might be some exceptions when it needs to do things while backgrounded , but usually that would require the app to use a " service " . thus , the " overhead " is minimal -- compared to the need of restarting it every time the user needs to access it . as for memory , the android system is quite efficient in maintaining it : to explain it in easy terms , apps are put into different groups having different " priorities " . together with some other criteria , this decides which app can be killed if the system runs " out of memory": the oom-killer ( again , " out of memory killer" ) comes into action then and checks : obviously , essential system processes should not be killed at all , the users foreground-session ( which he is working in ) should be the last to consider . but " closed " apps are first candidates , " background apps " the next , and not-so-essential services come after those . again , that is a simplified way to put it -- in reality , this looks a bit more complicated : ) but : if you think of task-killers to " improve battery life": forget about that before starting to think about . they are usually rather contra-productive , as they work against the system . few exceptions apply in terms of a malfunctioning app ( e . g . consuming all your cpu and there is no other way to stop it ) .
remove unnecessary contacts , take a backup contacts to sd card using the option > > back up to sdcard/storage or something similar . delete all your contacts , then import form sd card , you will get an option to select to which the contacts has to be saved . select phone and you are done . your contacts are always stored in your phone , at /data/data/android.providers.contacts a copy of it is stored in your google account when you sync . remember the contacts that are under Google only will get synced . nothing will happen when you log out from your google account . only auto sync is off .
go to contacts . press contacts to display , then select which merged contact you want to display . or , select all contacts . you can also customise the contacts to display .
check the following android apps on google play despy camera ( free ) volshutter camera
there are many apps . you can go with vosco which is my favorite one but without key mapping ( no hardware button to take pic ) but a great one . otherwise , camera360 is a good choice . also you can go with cameramx ( or mx camera maybe ) or line camera or cymera ( this one has a great range of photo editing tools as well ) . all of these can be customized to take pictures with volume key or so .
probably koush 's helium [ which used to be carbon previously ] might be of help for you . helium does not require root . all android users can use helium to backup and sync android applications . helium lets you backup your apps and data to your sd card or cloud storage [ dropbox , box , google drive ] . android to android app sync [ with helium , you can sync app data from your other android devices -- even if they are not on the same network ] . i am not sure if you have to connect your device to usb if you want to sync to cloud though . i have not used this feature as of yet .
this is a difficult situation , but google might come to your rescue . in 4.1.1 ( on an at and t sgs3 , at least ) , in the Settings app , there are Backup and reset settings ( in the Personal group ) : now , despite the checkmarks , i have never actually used this feature , and there are a number of questions i can not answer ( and i do not have the time at the moment to investigate ) : how often does it back up ? can it be used to restore to a different device ? how can you know that any given app is backed up ? where are the backups stored on google 's servers / can a user access the backups in drive ? you might need to experiment , or do some googleing . i just wanted to get at least this much up here so you can start .
backup via ssh , ftp , smb , webdav , dropbox , google drive . . . . all via file manager . i use it to transfer files back and forth and it works a delicious treat . i highly recommend this application .
slatedroid and its wiki is imo the best resource for the pandigital novel . the novel does not do any signing checks of its firmware and it is running android 2.0 so it is rather easy to root . edit : i have learned that the bootloader is encrypted ; my previous sentence about " not checking signatures " may be incorrect . ( it may only be that the bootloader cannot be replaced . ) latest community-modified firmware as of this writing flashable a-la-carte enhancements ( including root ) i notice you posted over there too , so this is really for anyone else that has a pdn 7" and wants this information . as of note , the white and black versions are different ; the white is regarded as better .
the usb port was damaged - and sent it back and got the new n7 instead ( 2013 model )
i have had similar results with my samsung galaxy nexus . it will be charging fine when plugged in to the pc , but the pc will be oblivious to any device being connected . and it worked fine the day before . my first thought was also software fault . but it happened with multiple usb cables on multiple pcs . what i did notice was that sometime , especially when i plugged it in slowly , it will flash with a " could not install device " prompt on windows . which means it did find something , even if only briefly . i managed to successfully connect by plugging it in only 50% on the device . obviously this was not ideal , so i investigated further . turns out my usb micro slot on the device was not exactly straight . the tongue inside the receptacle was just a fraction too close to the side , very nearly touching the bottom . what i did to fix it was very gently insert a toothpick between the tongue and the bottom of the receptacle and lift it up , just a tiny fraction . i cannot overstate how gently you need to be . that solved it and it has not given me any problems for the past 6 months .
in my case , this helped to change your device 's usb connection options , touch settings > device > storage > menu > usb computer connection . for more information , see google support
google displays weather conditions using weather underground as per google web search features page . all weather conditions and forecasts are provided by weather underground , inc . so , google now also might be picking from the same source .
the google search engine gets its weather from a combination of ' the weather channel ' , ' weather underground ' and ' accuweather ' . the data on google now appears to be the same data . . .
i am suggesting an app called powertutor ( free on the market ) . when you turn on the profiler , the app monitors the power usage of each applications and android subsystem , and give a detailed report of what application has been consuming the most battery . the idea is , you turn the profiler on , then use the phone as usual . be aware though , the power profiler itself is very power-hungry and it does not save the profiling result if the profiler is restarted , that means if your phone 's battery runs out before you can look at the report , you will just be wasting battery ( iow , you might need to wake up in the middle of the night to look at the report before your phone runs out of battery ; or you might need to put the phone on charger , which might affect the result of the profiling since some applications might behave differently when charged and when on battery ) .
i ended up trying several things mentioned in the xda-developer thread : changing the networkmode from gsm / wcdma automatic to either gsm or wcdma , xda-users claimed that switching between these two modes is a huge battery drainer . in my experience this was the most important one . installing a widget , so i could check whether bluetooth and gps were really turned off . especially gps could run in the background , after using google navigation , without displaying the icon . turn off syncing for apps you do not really use or rate limit updates to a larger interval . you can always update manually and getting new contact info once a day is more than enough ! remove widgets that need regular updates , even though the sync setting should have control this . as i am using a htc sense phone , i turned off all their proprietary apps , i simply do not trust the power usage of things like footprints . if you apply all these settings , you should manage to get a full days worth out of your battery , unless you play too much angry birds .
after trying out nearly every battery monitoring app i could find at the time , i ended up installing the free juicedefender and it is accompanying commercial licence juicedefender ultimate . i found this was a good tool as it learned my usage habits , and would automatically turn the radios on or off depending on where i was or what i was doing with the phone . combined with wiping the battery stats and a few recharging tricks , i managed to easily get a day of standby charge . if you are game to load a custom rom , you might be able to push the standby out to 2 days at the risk of bricking your phone if the flashing operation fails . the only other thing that i did not try is to see if there is a utility that can identify the many service apps running on the phone , and see if there is anything that might be turned off . it is not unusual to have an os running more services than are strictly necessary , even on a phone .
you can export the contacts from gmail , than edit in whatever editor you want and than import back to google . your phone should then update the changes . how to export from gmail : http://support.google.com/mail/bin/answer.py?hl=enanswer=24911 and how to edit the csv files : http://support.google.com/mail/bin/answer.py?hl=enanswer=12119topic=1669027ctx=topic there are also related links on the left ( for import and other questions ) if importing them back to google makes duplicates , remove all google contacts and then import from csv . if your phone does not currently use google contacts sync for it is contacts you can try a similar " hack " by exporting contacts to the sd card and then importing them back .
as mihic mentions a " similar hack " to process your accounts without google : open your contacts app open its settings chose to " export to file " the resulting export file stored on your sdcard is in .vcf ( vcard ) format , which can be read by many applications . as it is mainly plain-text ( except for embedded contact photos ) , you could do a basic search-and-replace with any plain-text-editor ( do not use a word processor like ms word ) , if you are careful ( a simple " replace a with ae might mess up things -- so take care to specify something more unique , or let the replace ask your confirmation for each single place ) . best make a copy first -- so in the worst case you still have the original . having finished that , you can import the resulting .vcf file the same way -- maybe after you emptied your contact list : open your contacts app open its settings chose to " import from file " select your new file , and import it
i think that if you entered in recovery mode ( any of them ) you can use adb to enable frozen apps . it can be done throught the command "adb pm enable packagename" where packagename the app of the keyboard . if you dont remember the exact name use the command "adb shell pm list packages -f" to return all the installed apps and find there the disabled keyboard . an excellent tutorial of how to use adb can be found here http://www.vogella.com/tutorials/androidcommandline/article.html by lars vogel .
i do not think that the above answer is quite correct as when you enter in " recovery mode " ( on an encrypted device ) the /sbin/sh pm command can no longer be used since the device needs a password for decryption . ( i even decrypt my phone and still could not perform the command : ( also thinking about it more running that command to re enable a package would open up a security hole for encrypted devices so this command would of run useless on an encrypted device ( which is not " decrypted " in the first place ) if you have twrp installed as your recovery they have their own keyboard layout which you can enter in your decrypt password and then use one of your backups to revert back ( which i hope you have done ) to recover your keyboard layout . otherwise you will need to install/flash back to your stock rom : (
solved . first of all , i did not know how to enter in recovery mode on cubot gt-99 , but accidentally i enter in it , and i want share this with you because i did not find it on internet . press power for 1 sec and than release . . . phone vibrate . . . immediately after vibration press and hold power and volume+ button . in recovery mode it alows me to : apply update from adb/sdcard/cache wipe data/factory reset wipe cache partition backuo/restore user data i tried to establish a connection with the adb , but it did not work because of encrtyption . i made a backup user data and after that i dona factory reset . the new system had the same problem , there is no system keyboard . so i have installed the swift keyboard from computer using the command adb install %PATH_OF_PACKAGE_ON_PC% . i finally had some keyboard with which i could enter my email address and password to enter in google play . there i installed root app delete ( with which i had previously disabled the system keyboard ) , to re-enable the system keyboard . in the end all i needed is to go to the system recovery and restore user data witch i made before factory reset . that is it . : )
the new phone app in ics does have a contacts tab of its own , it seems to show only the contacts with numbers so you might prefer to use that on most occasions .
here is a comment found at the top of the relevant source file for the contacts app in ics : /*todo ( emillar ) i commented most of the code that deals with modes and filtering . it should be * brought back in as we add back that functionality . */ so it appears it has been removed temporarily and will be available again in a future version of the contacts app .
the people app shows all the contacts regardless of what information is available . but the dialer app only shows contacts with phone numbers .
in ice cream sandwich , the old contacts app was now replaced with the people app . this new app is meant to keep you connected with all of your contacts , not just people you call , and it does so in different ways then the old contacts app , by hooking in to social networks and things like that . the option to only show contacts with a phone number is not an option in the new people app . but i agree that it should be there , especially when you are searching for a contact when you want to make a phone call .
there is a pretty simple way to do this . just go into all your contacts that you want to show and favorite them by pressing the star . then just go into settings and choose " starred in android " for the contacts to be showed , then it will only show the contacts that you have choosen .
how it works is this : if you obtain a contact straight from the menu you will see all contacts , including email addresses but if you go to contacts via dialer , you will see only contacts with phone number .
i would do it by using the free version of endomondo . on your site profile , you can than export the data in . gpx or . tcx format .
you could try gps logger for android . a lightweight , battery efficient gps logger . the purpose of this app is to log your gps coordinates at specified intervals to a file on your sd card . this app runs in the background so that you can on a long walk , hike , flight ride or photo session or even go buy some milk and have this running as long as possible . once you are back at your computer , you can then use the files to geotag photos , upload to travel sites , view in google earth and so on . the app lets you send the data via email , ftp , dropbox , google docs , openstreetmap , or opengts . what you do with it , programming-wise , is entirely up to you ; this part is off-topic here .
the easiest way to do this is use google location sharing/history , a.k.a. latitude . your phone already has all the functionality to do this : you just need to turn it on . then , you can use the api of google location sharing to retrieve the location history of the phone and process it any way you like . you do not need any server-side programming to do this . all that said , probably the best way to get into gis programming is through openstreetmap . it is a huge , complex dataset and offers lots of opportunities for analysis and for learning about different ways of storing , representing , and processing geographic data .
as far as i can tell , it is not logged by the default dialer .
sure is ! when you get your new android phone and sign in with your google account , it will automatically start to re download your apps ! if you want to root the new phone , and the previous one ( the one you own now ) was also rooted , you could use titanium backup as well to back up your apps and reinstall the them with all their data on the new device .
i would say " yes " through my own observations . apps like live wallpapers do have an effect on battery life . add to that any active radios like wifi , bluetooth , gps , mobile data and battery life can go down the tubes . i have learned to disable things if i am not able to charge right away or need a bit more battery life . i would also like to mention about running apps and background processes , i would suggest not disabling them unless you know what you are doing .
try to flash clockworkmod on the phone . if this is possible you can make a backup of the original system and trying to rescue important files . after this download a new rom thats suitable for your phone and flash this by using clockworkmod . be very sure that you install the right clockworkmod and rom version on your phone and follow the instructions very well .
what you need is download y210 recovery installer - search google for it . do not plug in the phone yet . after that launch y210 recovery installer . i think is rar file from unknown language - my guess is myanmar . now power up your phone into recovery mode . power + down - hold both for 10-15 seconds plug in your usb . click on y210 button - you will not see anything but the program running in background wait for few minutes then the y210 will say ok , ok , ok . unplug your phone and power down . or remove the battery for 5 seconds then power up with power + up you will see recovery mode . go to menu and select turn off signature verification . then go back and install from sd card and select your zip file . that is all --- good luck ! due to os bootloader locked by this feature you can not rooted unless you disable signature verification . after you can root your phone . with y210 root . zip - search for it .
html 5 video plays within the browser in chrome . to use html 5 video with youtube ( both the mobile and desktop websites ) , go to http://www.youtube.com/html5 to turn it on . browsers will not be able to run flash animations , videos , and games , because adobe decided to stop supporting flash on mobile devices . adobe is also winding down its flash authoring tools and encouraging its customers to output to html 5 instead . because flash is a closed , proprietary format , adobe 's free to choose to support or not support android according to their whims , and there is very little consumers can do about that .
as the developer documentation describes , an app needs the permission com.google.android.c2dm.permission.RECEIVE to receive gcm messages . this shows up in the permissions list as " receive data from internet " ( which is a little vague , i know ) . of course , the presence of the permission does not necessarily mean the app actually will use gcm . even if it does use gcm , it might not use it for all the uses you think it might use it for : maybe only some kinds of ' refresh ' or polling operations can be replaced by gcm uses . and even if it uses gcm fully , in all the ways you had expect , it is still possible for the app to use more power than it needs to . using gcm is no guarantee that the app is well-written or efficient .
this is not a miracle solution , but : when taking pictures indoor , keep in mind that android 's auto white-balance might make the wrong choice . look at the image on the screen , and if it feels unnatural , try manually selecting the incandescent or fluorescent settings . be aware that , at least currently , the nexus 4 camera does not compare favorably to the iphone 5 camera : on the nexus 4 , pictures tend to lack details , colors are washed out , and images lack contrast with both white and black leaning towards the grey . if you own a nexus 4 and find this disappointing , let me try to reassure you : first , it is not as bad as it sounds ; second , there is still a chance this can be improved with software ; third , do not forget your unlocked nexus 4 costs almost half the price of an unlocked iphone 5 . below are some pictures of the same scene i took with an iphone 5 and nexus 4 , so we can compare them side-by-side . this first shot was done indoor , in a low light , without a flash . left : iphone 5 ( original ) , right : nexus 4 ( original ) . this second shot was done outdoor . top : iphone 5 ( original ) , bottom : nexus 4 ( original ) .
what i wanted does not seem to be possible . it makes sense , really , as if it were possible it would represent a major security hole that would allow any app to gain root . i ended up wiping my phone and testing the quality of my backups . ( they were not as good as i would hoped . )
there are apps for that : use ota rootkeeper ( free ) or supersu pro ( paid ) . if the ota update has not touched your /system partition , these apps will work flawlessly . another requirement is ext2 , ext3 , ext4 file system . as you are with stock rom of galaxy nexus , this requirement has met .
you can use touchdown ( $20 ) : http://www.nitrodesk.com/dk_touchdownfeatures.aspx for the email download size you can set no body .
if i look at my settings for an exchange server i have a ' incoming size ' under ' general settings ' where i can specify ' headers only ' . i am running froyo 2.2.1 on samsung galaxy s .
there are multiple solutions . as i do not know how you tried to download it ( or with which app you received it ) , i will give you a few " blind shots": downloading it with the browser : this might give you the error you described ( see below for a possible solution on this ) , or might simply store the file in your downloads folder ( depending on the browser used ) . in the latter case , the saved file is often mis-named to .epub.html , so you had have to rename it and strip the .html off to be able to open the book with your reader . receiving it with the mail/gmail app : there should be a way to simply " save the attachment " to your sdcard . you need to find the correct folder with some ebook readers ; aldiko might offer you to import it to its library from wherever you have stored it . downloading it with your pc , and copying it to your device : same steps as above after saving the attachment . try moon+ reader as alternative ebook reader app : as far as i remember , moon+ registers itself for the .epub extension , which should completely solve your problem with the error message ( the book would be opened directly in moon+ reader ) . and even if not , it has a lot of opds libraries pre-configured where you can download books from directly from within the app . one or more of above items should help you out of your misery . enjoy ebook reading ! ps : if you like moon+ : until the end of this month ( february 28 , 2013 ) , the pro version ( moon+ reader pro ) is offered for half of its usual price to celebrate its return to the playstore after having been unfairly banned . this is an offer you should take then : )
all i could think of on the android side ( enabling ums ) you have already done . but android devices might not expose their full storage via ums . usually , you only can access the external and internal sd-cards this way . for everything else , you might want to take a look at adbfs ( see also on xda ) and mc-exfs-adb ( which i slightly modified to work better on my linux system ; that version you can find here ) . both variants require you to have at least a minimal adb installation on your computer ( see : is there a minimal installation of adb ? ) . i have tried both , and favor adbfs-rootless . works like a charm . if your device is rooted , you could combine this with adbd insecure from chainfire to get full access to the entire filesystem .
agreeing with joachim . . . to access the phone 's internal storage you need to install libmtp and mtpfs for your linux distro . something like : sudo mtpfs -o allow_other /mnt . . . should help . good discussion here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1720464
this question has been answered by @derobert at stackexchange-url msc mode only works for accessing a memory card , which i do not have ; for accessing the phone 's own file system , i need another access mode .
this commonly happens when you are trying to mount a disk when you should be mounting a partition on that disk . use ls /dev/sdb* to see if any partitions ( such as /dev/sdb1 ) exists on the disk , and then mount that instead of trying to mount the whole disk .
what have you done after the factory reset -- installing everything you have had installed before ? best way to figure out where the problem is located is : backup as much as you can factory-reset the device do not yet install/restore anything ! check for a reasonable time whether the problem re-appears if it does right after the factory-reset , your device needs go to support ( or they need to send a firmware update/fix ) if it not re-appears , continue with 5 . if it does re-appear , you have found the app causing the issue . break here , see below . re-install/recover one app . repeat from 4 . if above steps resulted in an app being the cause , you have got multiple choices : re-configure the app and see if you can make the error go away uninstall the app and see if the problem goes away if none of the two works , start with step 2 . above and skip the bad app .
" sign into wi-fi network " says it all : no network , no connection . you most likely changed the password/keyphrase at your router , and forgot to adjust your devices . they cannot log in to the network anymore , hence you get that notification . fixing your wifi configuration will solve the other problem along . edit : thanks to dan for pointing out my omission : the phrasing of the notification indeed points to a " captive network " , which requires a sign-in via browser first . to automate such a login , you might wish to take a look at wifi web login and comparable apps . also see automate web login for wi-fi hotspots ( captive portal ) on android at our sister-site .
well as going by your point that the problem is not limited to you but to your whole family then the problem lies with the configuration of your modem . if the wifi is not configured properly then it may or may not show connected but you will not be able to download or browse any content let it be google play or the internet . as you have not specified any h/w details of your modem then i can only provide a general solution which would be to configure your modem properly either by yourself or from the relevant technician of the modem . also do please check whether the wi-fi is displaying a red cross with an error of irrelevant settings on your desktop or laptop when connecting over the wi-fi or the connection is normal through the lan cable . if its a yes for the lan and wi-fi then you need to get your modem checked by the technician for both wi-fi as well as lan connection
as the tablets are all identical , and run android > = 4.0 , the following approach could be taken  provided all devices should be configured identically : configure one device the way you want to have them all use adb backup to create a backup of this tablet ( see our adb tag-wiki for a starting point if you did not use adb before ) use adb restore to restore the created backup of the first device to all other devices this should transfer all apps and settings from the first , manually configured device to all the others ( including homescreen settings ) . you can play with parameters to adb backup to speed up the restore process , e.g. by specifying to only include the apps you added/modified , e.g. adb backup -apk -shared -f backup_customized.ab com.package1 com.package2 \u2026  ( replace com.package1 com.package2 \u2026 with a list of packages you want to include ) . skip -shared if you do not need to clone sdcard contents ( you also could copy those separately , which even might be faster ) .
you can simply get rid of the beep on power connection by setting the notification sound to zero in System &gt; Sound &gt; Volumes .
i have not found any way to do this through the software . the only way i have found to disable the sounds is to go to /system/media/audio/ui on your phone and delete files Volume-1.mp3 through Volume-7.mp3 for the volume tones , and Charger_Connection.ogg for the connection tone . just tested this on my phone and it does indeed work . you may want to back up the files first in case you want to restore them at some point . you may also have to be rooted to be able to remove the files . edit : actually , i am sure you will need root , as i had to su in a terminal emulator to be able to do anything in that directory .
i would highly recommend that you attempt the free moboplayer from the android market . it has highly optimised code for armv7 , armv6 vfp , and armv6 -- as soon as it downloads it might recommend a different version from the market version and will automatically start a download of the correct version . in my personal experience video playback was exceptional on supposedly weaker phones -- although i do not expect it to handle hd content well .
these settings work very well on my zte blade . as they have similar hardware ( cpu and memory wise ) they should work ok for the optimus one . video codec : x264 frame size : 512*288 ( you may want to finesse that slightly for the optimus screen size - 320*480 ? ) bitrate : 768 audio codec : aac bitrate : 128 i suspect that the frame size , codecs ( audio and video ) and bitrates should be fine regardless of which container ( avi/divx/mp4/mkv ) that you pick to play it through .
no luck with avi mpg4/mp3 codec ? plays like a charm on my htc desire w/ froyo 2.2 you could also try another encoder , " super " [ 1 ] for example . imho " rockplayer " [ 2 ] is the best player for the android platform at the moment . hope that helps . [ 1 ] http://www.erightsoft.com/super.html [ 2 ] http://rockplayer.freecoder.org/index_en.html
i have been able to use any old avi or mpeg files with the vplayer app without having to convert them . another alternative is rockplayer . vlc for android is supposed to be coming in the next few weeks .
the reviews i have read seem to indicate that the optimus will happily play standard-definition xvid and divx video files in avi format so try using the "-vcodec mpeg4" setting . http://ffmpeg.org/faq.html#sec20
in settings - phone settings or in dialer - menu -settings you will find an option for dtmf . try changing that to different values . it might even have been turned off .
if you have fastboot , boot into that . you can then procede to wipe data while in fastboot mode by issues the fastboot -w command . you can then reboot the device using the fastboot reboot command . be aware that not all devices come with fastboot . if you can access adb while the device is booting , then you can issue an adb reboot recovery command to reboot into the recovery menu that way .
try booting while pressing the back key . that will get you into fastboot , and you can access hboot ( and hence recovery ) from there . if it worked try any solution among this . . it depends on the cause of the boot loop wipe cache and dalvik ( depending on what recovery you look in different places for these . i think clockworkmod may have wipe dalvik in advanced ) . tbh i think this is unlikely to do it , but is harmless . if something has been corrupted in the rom then reflashing the rom ( without wiping ) will fix it . if it is data corruption then a factory reset will do it .
the short answer is : no , they are not the same . the long answer is as follows : at least for dimensions , they are not exactly the same ( htc one xl , to the right , is a bit smaller ) also , from the comparison table you talk about : htc one x at and t would not support hsdpa 900 , while htc one xl does . htc one x at and t supports 4g network with lte 700 mhz class 17 / 1700 / 2100 , while htc one xl does it with lte 1800 / 2600 . htc one x at and t supports mini-sim , while htc one xl supports micro-sim . htc one xl has stereo fm radio with rds , while htc one x at and t does not . htc one xl has 32 gb internal storage , htc one x at and t has 16 gb internal storage . sources : left image : htc one at and t at htc us website right image : htc one xl at htc australian website
nope , both have different features , and are not the same .
it will stay online . auto-backup only add photo , they never remove it .
this sounds like a typical bluetooth interference problem . it happens to me from time to time , but i did not notice any correlation with the android version i use ( neither on n1 nor ns ) .
it will be hard to test something without a tester . android does not ship with a test-app for heartbleed ( or any other security hole , such as the master key exploit discovered about a year ago ) , as this would somehow defeat the purpose : such a check-app must know about the security hole and how to check for it , and thus requires knowledge about that . if that knowledge is there , instead of writing an app to check for the hole , the devs rather should decide to fix it in the first place  which would make that app obsolete : ) so if a 3 rd party app is not acceptable for you , you are most likely out of luck . but in case you change your mind , you can find several security-checkers in this list . there is e.g. heartbleed security scanner , which is pretty well rated ( as of now , 4.6 stars with over 5,000 votes ) , and you can find it introduced in this androidpit blog post . linked list category also holds some security suites covering multiple exploits and security risks , which might be a good choice to check if you are interested how it stands about security with your device .
apps do not generally bundle openssl themselves : rather , android ships with openssl included in the main framework , so in most cases it is the android version that has or does not have the vulnerability , rather than the app itself . that said , it is certainly possible for an app to include its own openssl , it is just unusual . how does the heartbleed security vulnerability affect my android device ? explains that only android version 4.1.1 is vulnerable itself . if the app contains a statically linked openssl binary , and you do not want to use an app to check the behaviour , you have to unpackage the apk file to find the library .
no , this is not possible . unfortunately , google have not implemented this feature into google play as of yet .
when you specify one of your devices ( to narrow down the comments ) , the web page sends an ajax query to google . it passes a get variable , specifying the device ; it also passes some post variables , one of which is a token ( so you can not simply browse to the page ) . you could write something that requests a different device to get the comments . the only problem is that google has their own definitions for device models . you would have to find out the model id used by google for the device ( s ) you wish to browse . here is a starting point for your code . i grabbed my token value by using tamper data . here 's a starting point for your list of devices . my two devices are the optimus v : " lge lg-vm670" nook simple touch : " barnesandnoble nook " readers : feel free to add your device in the comments .
the default ringtones are fairly quiet . install some standalone ringtones or else grab a copy from your device and run them through a program to increase their volume before placing back onto the phone .
you might want to give volume+ a try ( scroll down for download link ) .
ok 1 . download paw server and run it on first user . 2 . run it 3 . go to 2nd user 4 . go to localhost:8080 5 . login with user admin with password paw 6 . go to media > file manager done ! or code your own php script .
/data/media contains a number of folders including legacy and obb , neither of which appear to be shared between users , at least not on my nexus 10 . it also contains a 0 folder which is the emulated sd card of the first user , then 10 , 11 and 12 for the sd cards of the first three other users of the device . i know you said your device is not rooted and you seem to be able to use obb ( which i can not ) but if you root , you will be able to access any sd card image this way . hope this helps in some way .
it is probably mounted only for one user and unmounted when you switch to another user which explains why it is in the same place ( directory /sdcard ) but with different users the content change
after a lot of trial and error , i discovered that the Android/obb folder is automatically shared among users . it is not ideal , but it is better than a cloud storage option for large files .
it is a different user account is why you can not see the files and the user files are stored on the system partition when the user accounts were set up it is assumed the the first account to ' activate ' the device is the master account , all other ones created from that are user accounts , much in the same way you have user accounts on a pc you will have your C:\Users\youusername\Downloads that is not viewable by other users that log into the machine if you want to share things possibly use a cloud storage system like google drive or dropbox but that a bit of a pain having to share individual documents so maybe set up a shared folder you will be able to add a short-cut to that to access them maybe ?
run paw server on user 1 use the built-in file manager
this has nothing to do with permissions . to verify , switch to account 1 and see if the folder is visible . i think you have unintentionally deleted the folder yourself .
calibrate the tablet , if that does not work it could be a faulfy digitizer or it was made to respond to a stylus
it may be that he is used to older resistive touchscreens ( the kind you use with a pointy stylus ) , and so he is pressing the screen with the tip of the fingernail , instead of with the finger itself . that does not work well on capacitive touchscreens unless your fingernails are cut very short . also , you are probably right about older , drier fingers having less capacitance and so showing up less well on the screen . using the ' pad ' of the finger instead of the tip might help by giving the screen more finger to work with . if all else fails , you can get styli for capacitive touchscreens . you can distinguish them by having a rounded , foam tip the size of a finger , instead of a pointed , pen-like tip .
if you are trying to download an app on a device that has date and time not set properly then also this problem can happen . check the date and time settig .
do a hard reset , remove sim , set network type to wcdma preferred .
install their new extension , sync bookmarks with chrome flawlessly https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dolphin-connect/pajecklcmiegagoelbbjldmfcbcpdpll have fun : )
install bookmarks to sd add-on of dolphin browser hd . its not only for saving bookmarks to sd , but it features sync with google bookmarks . use this feature . then , sync chrome bookmarks with google bookmarks ( there're many chrome extensions for that ) . done ! another way is to use xmarks . it has chrome extension as well as dolphin add-on . but , you had need its premium subscription to use dolphin add-on .
xmarks , which is now owned by lastpass , premium service ( 1$/month ) is able to sync bookmarks across various platforms and browsers .
yes , you can clear photos 's cache from the phone itself .
you may install app cache cleaner application . one of the feature is " auto clear all cache at a specified interval " . configure it once and it will never let the cache grow such large .
i am answering my own question from what i have gathered . there seems to be no way to prioritize , say , doggcatcher , if it is playing music in the background . when the operating system runs out of memory , it starts summarily killing background processes . the best i can do is kill dispensable background processes before starting these two apps . first i turn off sync . then i go to manage apps and open the running tab , note which apps are running , open the downloaded tab , and from there force stop the apps . note that if you simply stop the services from the running tab , the apps will usually restart them . after that i clear the app cache from the all tab . i am not sure how necessary this step is , as the problem occurs rather nondeterministically . after that i start doggcatcher and endomondo . especially facebook app just keeps starting all kinds of services that consume a lot of memory , no matter how it is configured , so i uninstalled the app and started using the mobile site with web browser . the mobile site is also more robust , i think it has more features , and i got rid of the annoying notifications .
you can format the sd as exfat , removing the 4gb restriction from old fat filesystem . you can format it from windows ( or linux/mac ) without any third party application and the phone will recognize it without problems .
you can never guarantee that it is cent per cent private . first let 's begin with android apps . in order to earn money you have advert 's in the apps . in order to get localised adds it has in built code which will access your location and display the advertisement based on the locality you are presently . in doing so your identity is revealed there itself . your device name , id , carrier etc . is stored in the third party servers . to which no one can guarantee whether the communication is secure between their server and what is done with the information stored in the server . you cannot disable this featured as it is hard coded in the application and the best way to this is simply un-install . you can verify whether the app is collecting information or not through some apps from the play store like permission checker . in the app you can sort out apps that might cost you money , send data , etc . check for the application permissions which are listed and check it is use on the web . if you see any application that has permission violating your privacy like viewing contacts , device id , network information you need to delete those apps from the device . you cannot modify the code even if possible as it violates the policy . also make sure the permissions are relevant to the functionality of the application . if it is irrelevant ( flash light app is having permission for viewing contacts , location which is not at all relevant then you need to remove it . ) then you need to remove this app and find another app from the play store .
if you download a file with more seeds and peers , your speed will increase . it could just be that your particular torrent has very few seeders .
as onik notes , your connection is simply too slow . but i also had terrible speeds when i tried on an hspa+ network . i believe this is due to traffic shaping . as noted in the comments , ttorrent claims to support encryption , so that might help .
an edge connection by itself is so slow compared to the normal torrent download speeds that it makes no sense to optimize the downloads . the ping times on the connection are so high that constant peer switching will slow the download if you attempt to download from several peers simultaneously . your best bet would be to try to find a couple of good peers to fill your bandwidth and stick with them , or stop+restart the torrent to get new peers .
install bionic tcp from google play and change your client to ttorrent . then your torrenting speed will match normal download speed according to your network bandwidth .
one way , i think is using one wifi connection that is connected to a high speed internet connection .
asus provides two launchers in their 4.2.1 rom - they differ as you descibed in your question . the one with the notifications in the lower right is the same one as used in their 4.1 rom and the one with the notifications at the top is the vanilla android 4.2 launcher . you can switch between them at will by opening settings and then navigating to device -> launcher ( it requires a reboot to switch ) .
yes and no . as far as i am aware , a typical android install will not contain unzip . you can , however , install busybox for android , which provides the unzip utility . then a simple : adb shell unzip /sdcard/archive.zip  would do the trick . if you are rooted you can use a busybox installer from the market like stericson 's . if you are not rooted then you should be able to manually push a busybox binary ( one here on github , for example ; click " raw " to download it ) to somewhere like /data/local and then invoke it . it should be something like : alternatively , many file managers will unzip files for you . i personally use file expert but there are a lot of others . usually you just need to long press on the archive and it will present an " extract " option or similar .
yes , it is possible to install custom kernels on stock roms . the kernel developer will usually say which roms ( or types of roms ) the kernel supports . if you are not sure you can try reading the kernel thread , and there will always be poeple saying things like " working great on [ firmware version here ] " . this way you can also make sure that it will work ok on your version of the stock rom . as for your example , yes you can flash this on your stock rom : xda-developers
yes . you can flash a custom kernel on your stock rom , but it has to be the appropriate kernel i.e. it has to be the version the kernel supports . in this case you will be limited to overclocking only . however , you can download setcpu , nofrills , voltage control , cpu contol , etc to enjoy max .
this functionality magically appeared in the google plus app on android last week , so now problem is solved . the chromecast icon now appears when on the net with a chromecast device .
chromecast support does not currently exist in google plus . if you would like to cast the video , try going to g+ in the chrome beta and opening the video in full screen . the chrome beta has support for casting some videos from the browser .
in android settings , go to security and uncheck " make passwords visible . " this will cause all password characters to be obfuscated , even as you type . it is a global option , so there is no way to set it for just one input method .
i believe it depends upon the music player app . have you tried using another music player ? in my case , i did not encounter this issue . i have used samsung galaxy 3 with several music players including stock player and also with a bluetooth headset . i think the app itself is the cause for this , which is causing screen wake-up on next/previous , and in my opinion is a poor implementation . i do not know of any apps which allow to change the screen on behavior like this . it may be available in cyanogen-mod perhaps .
did not find the solution . but found the ' good enough workaround ' delete all wifi you have saved charge battery to maximum remove account used to install everything clear recent app history delete the home screen app data . open the new account setting lock phone . ship it hope it arrives in less than 3 days which is what it took here to drain the battery :d now when the phone is taken out of the box , it will have ( almost ) the same as the welcome screens as the phone is factory reseted , but will keep the apps installed . it will prompt for new/existing account , pair with wifi , and show all the home screen apps hints . and i was spared the work of adding a few extra apps to the cyanogemmod image and ship the phone ' factory ' reseted . much easier that way :d
this is what you need to do , supposing you are on a stock rom : open your gallery app . select the image you want to set as background . hit menu and you should see an option set as , click on it . you should end with several options in which you can find home screen , lock screen and home and lock screens . select the option you want to set your wallpaper to . if you have a custom rom , you should check the forums of that rom to see if its supports this .
i had a bit of trouble setting the lock screen pic . i have a samsung galaxy ace q i827 ( appeal in the u.s. ) and i had to first find a pic i wanted , then i had to hit the menu button a couple of times to find the ' set as ' button . at first i only hit it once , and no ' save as ' button appeared . but after hitting it again , it popped up . after clicking on the ' set as ' , i had the option of selecting the lock screen or wallpaper . this is for gingerbread 2.3.6 .
you can not do that . but what you can do is download a third party locker such as go locker .
although i am on another device with another android version ( htc desire hd / rom : jellytime r9 ( android 4.2.2 ) ) i think the problem may be the same . in gallery i can only set the images as background . but i can set a different lock screen background image in system settings . i think this options depending on used launcher/lockscreen and are also valid in stock roms . i am using novalauncher and i can only set a different lockscreen image that way as far as i know . [ edit ] sorry for being that fuzzy . . what i really wanted to say : in android 4.2.2 ( can not confirm atm that it also works on 4.1 due to lack of working emulator ) - depending on launcher/locker - just do this setting under the proper category in system settings . . system settings &gt; ui &gt; lock screen &gt; background &gt; custom image ( maybe different wording - only got german version here ) [ /edit ]
from the home screen hit the menu button , then choose settings > location and security and from there you should have an option to set up a patter or pin based screenlock . the pattern lock will give you the option to create your own pattern on the 3x3 grid : if you want to be able to draw a completely random pattern , cyanogenmod 6.2 has the option to draw any invisible gesture to unlock the screen .
justpictures ! might be the app for you . it has excellent support for picasa web albums and lets you download ( sync ) full albums to your phone . you can also save individual photos to your sd card ( open a photo , press menu , select save photo ) . highly recommended . one limitation is that you may struggle to open other people 's albums . related link .
you can sync picasa albums to the web via a setting in the software on your computer . google gives you a little storage for free . then on your phone you under settings-> accounts and sync , select the google account and tick sync picasa web albumns . next time you open the gallery app , it will show all the photos that have been uploaded to the web .
you can use an app called photosuitcase where its primary use is to make your own facebook , picasa and flickr available offline .
i have tested this on my g2 , thumbnails are stored and in some cases the full picture , but it is not consistent and there is no way to know which has been fully downloaded . the best way to view photos offline , is to manually download them from picasa on your computer to your phone over usb . it would be great if google offered some way to know which albums were actually " synced " or if there was an option to download full resolution of all picasa albums for offline viewing .
do i understand that your goal here is to save a single picture for offline viewing ? if you access your photo via the stock browser rather than the picasa app , you can long press on any image to bring up a menu of options including " save image " -- that will download the image to your sd card . i am surprised that picasa does not offer a similar option inside the app -- i would at least try a long press there , too .
connect the usb cable to your computer and copy the image files from your computer to your device . alternatively , use picasa on your computer to publish to picasa web albums , but keep the album private .
the picfolio app from google play downloads picasa photos and thumbnails to my external sdcard . in settings , you specifiy which picasa web albums you want to cache on your phone and where to put them , external sdcard or internal . display still works when both wifi and 4g data services are turned off on my samsung galaxy ii ( gingerbread 2.3 ) . ( you have to turn both of these off if you want to really test app caching , at least on my phone . ) justpictures ! and picasatool produced good read-only cached album results only when there was a data service of some kind . i just turned standard android picasa sync totally off , so that it does not mess up the sort order of photos taken only on my phone . the images are already there on picfolio . there is also an upload to picasa option , but i have not used it yet . i use the pro version , currently $2.99 , to avoid advertisements . i hope this helps others , as this thread certainly helped me . thank you .
try installing gallery3d from xda and sync it with your google account . it has a offline feature . you can get it from here , http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=653503
it depends . usualy when you would pair a device to you car audio player , the player would only want the files on it . but that depends on the player and what type of connection it makes with it is paired devices . so basicaly i think you will have to try and see if it works .
try to re-install the usb device driver for that specific tab , and try it once again .
no there is no affiliate program for the android market . some individual apps that need to be side-loaded or have a seperate sign up for paid service offer affiliate programs but nothing through the official market . lots of people ask about it at the google support threads but google has not announced any plans to start an affiliate program nor have they commented on why they do not have one . i do not believe anyone is earning money for referrals if they are sending people to the official market , appbrain , cryket , androlib or slideme . if they are a commercial review site they are probably making money with display advertising , which incidentally improves the credibility of their reviews ( because their income is not dependent on you buying what they reviewed ) .
grooveshark might not be using that much data ; it keeps a cache of songs you have listened to recently so it does not have to re-download them each time . so if you are listening to the same songs all the time , they will probably only be downloaded once , same with offlined songs . to see if the app really sees what data grooveshark is pulling , go to Grooveshark-&gt;Settings-&gt;Clear Song Cache . then go listen to a playlist or two and see what happens : ) p.s. you can also edit the size of the cache on that menu ! if all else fails , i use phone usage , and it tracks grooveshark pretty successfully :
use evernote . it has a dedicated Page Camera feature for your purpose . you can continuously snap documents with it . if you are a premium user , keywords from your snapped documents will be indexed with ocr technologies ( which will be useful in searching ) . and , it works great ( i am a premium user and i have used it ) . if you are not , just buy premium subscription for 1 month . . . indexing continue to exist after 1 month ( but new documents will not be indexed ) .
depends on network provider . from nexus 7 2013 lte variant available now for $349 : keep in mind that you wont be able to fall back to verizon 3g at any time , but you can fall back to at and t and t-mobile hspa should you choose their service . from google 's nexus 7 with 4g is now available in the uk : buying from o2 is a different story , however . the mobile operator is selling the new nexus 7 for 319.99 , complete with a free sim and 2gb of 3g data .
you should be able to connect to 3g networks . i am not sure who your carrier is , but if you are in an area where you cannot pick up lte then 3g should be the fallback . i used to work for verizon wireless and this is how all the 4g lte phones and tablets worked . in fact , when lte first started rolling out it was not in most places , including the area where i worked . people were buying lte devices left and right and they only operated on 3g until the lte network got built out .
if the person , who got your device , gives it a reset ( hard reset ) and signed-in with another account ( which is the default account in this case ) , then you might not be able to look up your device anymore . but if , he had not , then the possibility is that , he lives somewhere , where he does not have any wifi-access . therefore you could not track him anymore .
for a real safe and complete wipe , you might want to take a look at nuke my device . if you are just after a factory-reset , this can be find in settings . but then you should not forget about your other storage ( sdcards  internal as well as external  are usually not dealt with by a factory-reset , though some roms do so ) .
i think i have finally found a partial solution . by using these commands via adb , what can be done by usb cable or wireless adb ( my case ) , the contents of the internal filesystem of the tablet seems to have become clean : adb shell wipe data  i hope this info will help anyone .
in the Settings menu look for the App section . from there you will be able to select it and find information about it along with the package name .
android offers a standard usb-network adapter ( implemented in software ) to accomplish usb tethering . the problem can be on the pc side or on the android phone 's side as well . some hints for debugging : do you see that usb network device on your pc if you enable tethering ? if so , do you get a dhcp offer from that " usb network card " on your pc ? can you ping the phone gateway from your pc ( usually ping 192.168.4.129 ) ? can you resolve dns entries ( nslookup google.com ) ? can you ping a random host on the internet ( eg . ping google.com ) ? to view debug logs on the phone use a logcat viewer and see for obvious entries . if the problem is your phone software and you are willing to void your warranty , the aftermarket cyanogenmod firmware also offers this functionality , as well as several other custom roms ( your phone seems to be supported , according to cm 's device overview ) .
i get this very regularly , and the problem is usually down to the router but occasionally the nexus . in wifi settings , " forget " the connection details . reboot the router and phone . once available , connect to the network again and re-enter your details . on my nexus 7 , entering a static ip fixed the problem when i was at the edge of wifi range , but as you say you are near the router this would not seem to be the issue you are having .
i do not know if this is an android issue , so much as a wifi problem . a while ago ( before i got my android ) i had some issues connecting my computer to my wifi -- my computer sensed that the network was there , but would not connect . i was advised to reset the network . unplug all parts of the network : router , modem etc . hold your breath for ten seconds . reconnect everything . try connecting to your network again . this worked for my computer ; give it a try for your phone , and tell us what happens .
( per originator in comments : ) pulled battery and also did factory reset . all now works .
thanks to @shywim 's comment , i checked the settings of the messaging app . indeed it is got a custom notification sound settings . ( you can adjust the settings only if your phone is not muted . )
there also is floatnsplit tablet keyboard ( for the tablet rather ai floatnsplit tablet keyboard ) which offers this feature : in addition to being able to split the keyboard , this one can also float with some transparency :
thumb keyboard allows for this , as well as many other handy features which make it well worth the money paid version 7 day trial version
swiftkey 's tablet version supports this ( paid , free trial ) . it has the letters split to each side and the numeric keys in the middle :
if your company is licensed for it , cisco 's anyconnect ics+ should work for you . alternatively , ics should support the correct configuration out of the box , but not all vendors have implemented this properly . if you can not get it to work correctly using ics 's ipsec support , you can try vpnc widget , but it requires root , and if your phone does not have the tun module built-in , it will not work .
turned out i was not being patient enough . it took a little while for my phone to realize it needed to connect to data services ; after that the tethering worked fine . it helped for me to open my email on my phone , just to give it a little nudge .
depending on your carrier , foxfi may help you out . it allows you to share you mobile data plan as a wifi hot spot . just be careful not to use too much or your carrier will get suspicious .
usually your service provider has to activate the ability to use your cellphone as a hotspot . for sprint , there is a monthly fee associated with that feature .
open google talk on your phone , press menu ( i.e. . 3-dot indicator ) -> display options and select availability ( or all ) - i believe your current display settings say " most popular " .
i too face a similar situation as narrated below : my im client has ~50 people online ( busy , available or away ) , but the gtalk in android shows merely around 10 contacts inclusive of contacts in busy , available or away status while using the ' availability ' option . setting to show all contacts will show the enormous list in alphabetical order . scrolling to find friends in this list is a difficult task ! it was noted that only the most popular friends are shown while using the ' availability ' option . is this the same issue that you observed ? try searching the contact name that you find available in im client but not in android . it will be shown as available . i first suspected that android shows only from google+ friends list , but no . its not even a bug . its just that they donot have an option to show all the available list ! ! instead they come up with " recently chatted available list " and " most popular available list " . hope they add a new option or fix this . i am facing this issue in icecreamsandwitch on motorola razr
there are apps for controlling leds : led color tester , light flow - led control both does officially support galaxy s3 .
many custom roms , such as cm10 , have built-in support for changing the led color .
there is powerful and full-customizable go sms pro which lets you set any led color for sms incoming notifications based on sender . also , it is a mighty alternative for stock sms app and has many useful functions and customizations . after you installed it , run and tap menu , then settings , and go to advanced -> individual settings and add any contact to set individual notification ( including led options ) for it .
nxp 's nfc taginfo app can copy the text from a text record on a scanned nfc tag to the clipboard . there are other apps with similar functionality . copying text from text records on nfc tags is not something that is built into android without installing and running an app .
have you looked at music off , i am sleeping ! - seems to do what you are looking for .
i think you need to buy one of these mhl to hdmi converters - it mentions that it specifically supports your device .
on razr , it is hold the volume down button and the power for 10 seconds .
htc 's solution to this issue is to " press and hold the power button for at least 10 seconds , and then release it . htc one x will be shutdown and then boot again . " this is the only solution i would be able to see . if you require something more , then as a phone modder i would recommend you take apart the phone and manually disconnect the battery . this is rather risky unless you are confident in what you are doing . you may be able to refer to this page : http://htcpedia.com/news/htc-one-x-how-to-take-it-apart.html for a tutorial on how to disassemble the unibody of the htc one x . the last safe option you have is to simply wait a day or so ( since it is stuck on ) until the battery drains completely . from there of course charge it up again and continue with whatever software modding you were doing .
it greatly depends on what conditions made your phone to freeze , but generally a long press ( 10 sec ) on the power button might get your phone to reset itself . ymmv , though .
yes . i can power down my frozen galaxy tab ( with an unremoveable battery ) by holding down the power button for more than 10 seconds . before i found that out , i used to wait for the battery to drain overnight when the tablet had frozen .
just installed picscribe . this allows you to add comments to exif data . can not tell you if its a keeper app , as i have yet to abuse its power . . . ! ; - )
there are a couple of apps in the playstore which permit you to view/edit exif data : photo image editor - photoshop ( free ) says it can view , edit , or delete exif data same promised by photo editor exif editor and viewer ( paid ) promises to remove , modify , and add individual or multiple exif tags pixelgarde even states : edit exif metadata for several photos as a batch , or just individual photos there are probably many more , so i just picked two of the more promising examples .
i assume what is happening is that you see the left and middle of the photo on the leftmost homescreen , middle in the centre homescreen and middle and right of the photo on the rightmost homescreen . in which case there is an app called wallpaper wizardrii which allows the cropping and stretching of wallpapers to fit so they do not scroll with homescreens . check it out .
99% of the time the led means " new , dismissable notification " . i am unsure exactly how the led color is chosen , but it seems to be based off the homescreen icon of the app ; imo has a blue icon/led , messanging ( texts ) has a green icon/led , and gmail has a while icon/led . the color is consistent each notification from the app , so you will learn which color means which sort of notification . you can also apparently control it via applications ( and presumably by tinkering with system settings somehow ) : light flow can set the colors for nexus 4 notifications per-app . i have not tried it myself , but it claims nexus 4 support . you can see ( i believe ) all the colors the led can show in this ( surprisingly long ) video . most of the colors chosen are easily distinct to anyone with typical color vision . if you have partial colorblindness or apps with overlapping notification colors , the notification color changing apps might be of use to you . the led can also flash red when the battery is extremely low and the device will not otherwise turn on .
it depends on the app . e.g. if i use yahoo , it changes to purple .
i am using im plus , which was the only thing i could get to work with our jabber server . it is been very solid for me and they have a decent forum community , too . fwiw , i liked it enough to pay the $5 for it .
i am using gibberbot . it is worth taking a look at . free software , multi-protocol . active developer community . definitely still in beta but that does not mean it will not do what you need .
jabiru is another one .
xabber supports muc/conferencing
i am using trillian for android . as far as i know it is still in beta , but worked well for me so far . though i did't use it in any extreme situations yet . oh , and it does not handle calls yet . edit : it is out of beta . . . and now you have to pay for it . if you do not like that , or do not have the money ( or you can not buy apps from the market like me ) you should use something else .
i have seen , with some of my apps that i have developed , a comment be there , and then later on , the comment is no longer visible . and it is not from me marking it as spam , as i have looked on other devices too , just to confirm . so it would look like that after " x " number of " spam/unhelpful " votes , it gets removed .
i can not tell for sure but i think that voting helpful and unhelpful affects the sort order of the market comments , at least in the web version of the android market . i see many comments that are older than the most recent listed on first or second position . maybe because these comments received many helpful votes . marking comments as spam will remove them immediately for you and maybe if the comment receives more spam marks it will be removed completely . this is my assumption . if you have some official links that explain the functionality let us know . : )
ok , so it seems the only way to do this on android is to contact shazam customer support , give them your imei number and they will send you the list .
sometimes misbehaving apps need to have their data cleared out and a fresh start . go to menu -> settings -> manage applications -> email ( or whatever app you are using . ) click on " clear data . " try setting up the profile again . if that does not work , you may have memory issues as already indicated . good luck .
sounds like your phone might not have enough storage space .
this happened repeatedly to me , i am not entirely sure why . what worked for me was to do a " clear data " ( in the applications screen ) on the email app . when i recreated the profile the next time , it stuck . it may not work for you , but it is worth a shot .
i went to a cricket retailer ( not an official store ) for an unrelated issue with my new phone and , interestingly enough , they can , and will , flash the stock rom back onto my phone . so , problem solved and lesson learned !
looks like it has been reported as a swiftkey bug for the nexus 10 as well . your best best is probably wait to get this fixed . i suggest you click the vote button in their support site to increase the bug 's priority . i just added 3 votes for you ! note : i do not use swiftkey . i use go keyboard .
there are two possible counter possibilities : first possibility : in case the rooting is done by scripts and certain binary tools you can check if the binary tools are standard tools , and e.g. included in the android open source project ( aosp ) . in such a case you could compile the tool yourself or search the net for multiple sources . in the ned use the one from the most trustworthy . second possibility : use a virtual machine for executing the rooting software . using a virtual machine like vmware you can connect an usb device like an android phone into the guest os . therefore rooting the device from within the guest os is usually possible and does not affect the host os .
depending on the setup , you may be able to bypass it . this is the case if it is the default google setup wizard . if it is not , then there may be no way to bypass it , and you will therefore have to follow it through . when you wipe the device , it will show again on next boot , so why do not you just follow the setup and then wipe it ? this way it will be as if it was never booted for the next person to turn it on .
in settings , goto applications > internet > clear defaults . next time you perform a search it should ask you which you would like to use and simply select dolphin .
goto settings> location and security> device administrators remove the check mark from afaria , and select deactivate , then remove the application
/storage/sdcard/android is probably where all the data is . you can manually delete files out of there , but i would recommend using the application sd card maid . i say that just because it has a lot of functions to clean up data from apps that are no longer installed .
have you tried to clean your log files ? probably that is the problem . if your phone is rooted , you can delete all files in the /data/log folder . if not , and you have a stock rom , just enter *#9900# into your dialer to access sysdump and click on delete dumpstate/logcat
use " battery monitor widget " app from play store . it can monitor the current flowing through the battery while charging . i identified my nexus 7s charger and an aftermarket charger 's performance this way .
as usual : try with tasker . tasker can react on " network near " ( check for wifi ssid ) , you also can check signal levels and react depending on that . this way you could not even check whether a certain wifi network is in reach , but also how strong its signal is -- which might prove helpful e.g. in an office building with multiple wifi networks to determine which room you are in .
this may be the best resource for answering your question : http://eyes-free.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/documentation/android_access/phones.html
all phones ever since 1.6 have been accessible . however 2.0 and later ( and especially 2.2 ) are much better at it . i think you will be safe with any phone 2.0 or later ( which is almost all of them now-a-days ) .
2 suggestions which are more workarounds than answers : set up the mail app to access ( and send from ) your gmail account via imap , or send the contact to your gmail account using the ' mail ' option ( i.e. . from whatever account you do have set up ) and then forward it on from there .
in the end , having tried a few things , i installed a free app called qr code ( barcode for the app : http://db.tt/sncfbds ) and used that to create and send a mail with it attached . again , a work around rather than a direct solution but thought i would share what i did . this has the limitation that you can not share contacts which you have lots of data stored for unless you only choose to share a couple if bits of info ( which qr code lets you do ) . the answer seems to be that you can not use your gmail unless you do so via imap , so i have marked matt h 's as an answer .
restarting your phone should resolve the issue .
you can try unrevoked if you have the right htc phone . i have not tried it , but people say it does not wipe the phone . the other one you can try is superoneclick which also roots the phone without wiping i believe .
in the messaging app , access menu > settings > text message limit and set it to a higher number you like . hope this helps .
a lot of the recent htc phones can lock and home at the same time , that may be what you are doing by accident . as previously stated , the google+ app by default backs up your pictures to a ( private ) online album for easier sharing . this can be turned off entirely , or configured to only sync on wifi ( to save your data allowance ) and give you a chance to delete unwanted pictures before they are uploaded .
you obviously took a screenshot by accident . since you also have google+ installed , all pictures that are saved on a special place ( in this case the ' camera shots ' album ) are automatically uploaded to your google+ album , but not published . you can turn off auto upload of pictures in the settings from the google+ app .
if you are working in a high noise environment , a traditional mic is not going to help you . even with a noise cancelling secondary mic it will be very difficult for the equipment to pick your voice out of the noise and isolate it . you might look into a throat mic instead , which grabs your voice by direct contact with you rather than conduction through the air . these are especially suited for noisy environments .
just uninstall hangouts . the app will go back to the old gtalk
as far as android is concerned , they are the same app , and hangouts is just a new update for talk which happens to change the user-facing name . ( apps also have a package name , which is how android decides if they are the same app . ) it works like any other update : it completely replaces the old version in your phone 's internal storage . like any other update , once you have updated , you can not go back to the version you had before . but in this case , talk is an app that is built into your rom ( assuming you are not on a custom rom : if you do not know , you are not ) . like any other app from the rom , you can uninstall all updates and go back to the original version . to do this , go to the settings app , go to the apps page , find hangouts in the list of apps , and click uninstall updates . this will not restore the version you had before the update : it'll go back to the original version that was on the phone last time you did a system update . ( if you have never done a system update , that is the version that was on the phone when you took it out of the box . ) there is no guarantee that such an old version will continue to work .
well . first , i deleted my exchange account . then i was able to change the screen lock settings and the change would be displayed in the settings page , but when i locked the screen , no pin or pattern was required to unlock . then i power cycled the phone . after that i was able to successfully use screen lock settings . then i added back my exchange account , and the phone continued to work fine . i have no idea what the root cause of my problem was , but it is all working now .
if you have a vpn set up on your mobile phone , the os will not allow you to remove the pin . . . i installed vpn and it asked me to secure the phone and led me to the pin settings and i set a pin . . . later , when i wanted to remove the pin , it will not allow me and it did not come to my mind that it was because of setting up the vpn . i had to completely get rid of all the vpn settings to be able to remove the pin . however , in your case , the problem is opposite but i posted this for information and this may help .
i read you post with interest as i am having trouble since updating my phone to ics and getting it to work with exchange 2003 . since updating to ics i can not change my sync settings from hourly of peak and every 15 mins in peak hours if i change the setting the next time a sync happens it get changed back . the same phone worked just fine when it was on gb so i am thinking there are a few bugs in ics what i have noted is if i put on security policy on out exchange server ( meaning i have to put a pin in on the phone ) it all seems to work fine . odd i know i am guessing that it will take a long time for google to fix this if they bother at all .
its easy . . talk to a person that willing to be an admin in the group . after you selected the person . remove everybody in the group except you and the selected ( next going to be admin ) . makesure just left two of you in the group . and then remove yourself from the group . automaticly the last person will be the admin . last but not least the new admin have to select all the joiners or members of the group that been removed by you ( ex admin ) back to the group . so makesure he/she have all the numbers of the group before you make the move . thats it .
long press the group chat and hit " delete and exit group " - your chat will be deleted and you will be out of the group . someone else will be auto-selected as the group-admin in your place .
the chrome to phone extension is what you will be wanting . to get chrome to phone , install the chrome to phone extension in your google chrome browser and the android app on your phone , and youre ready to go . chrome to phone extension adds a button to your google chrome browser that instantly sends the current youtube video , web page , map , or selected phone number or text to your android device running froyo ( or android 2.2 ) or up . for firefox users , there is a compatible firefox addon foxtophone , which sends urls etc . from firefox on the desktop . it still needs the same app installed on the phone .
whilst it is possible for apps to make themselves available to be searched , each applications needs to be updated to implement app indexing in order for them to show up in this list . i do not think it is possible to add additional providers without the apps themselves being updated to support this .
this has basically been answered in the comments above but i will wrap it all up into an answer : no , you can not play songs that have apple 's fairplay drm protection on your android phone without removing the drm protection ( which technically violates apple 's toc ) . as edarerathis pointed out , songbird does not actually support fairplay drm'd media , quicktime does , so songbird ( like realplayer ) uses quicktime to decode the songs and play them . it wont work without quicktime installed and so you can not use this functionality in linux or android .
i know an answer has already been accepted but i just wanted to add that you can also use es file explorer ( i am not the developer i just know some prefer it to astro ) however you must download the es bookmark manager in order for it to work . in order to create the shortcut just long-click on a folder from within the app and select " shortcut " from the context menu . a shortcut to that folder will appear on your home screen . if you do not already have the " bookmark manager " installed it will prompt you to download it from the market hope this helps
the file jump app provides the functionality to create shortcuts to files directly . you can create home-screen shortcuts to your images and then drag them into home-screen folders - just an option !
if you install a file manager app like astro file manager you can put any files into any directory you create , including pictures . then all you have to do is make a shortcut to that directory on the home screen .
are there really some 2.1 phones out there that are very slow , say , using the speed of the evo as a benchmark ? yes , absolutely . i can not play angry birds on my htc hero running 2.1 because of poor performance . the game plays fine on my wife 's newer evo . my advice would be to see if you can buy an old used handset to test your apps on yourself . that way you will be able to head off any negative reviews by targeting devices where you know your app performs well .
when an sgs will not go into recovery mode , there is a couple things you can try . one thing is to hold all the buttons to get into recovery or download mode ( voldown + power + home , or volup + power + home , or voldown + volup + power depending on your model ) until the device has reset 2 or 3 times , and then release power so that the device stops resetting . hopefully then it will go into the appropriate mode . if not , attempt again but this time do it while the device is plugged into usb . another thing to try is to remove the battery , then insert it while holding the above buttons . you may want to try multiple resets combined with this as well , as well as having it plugged into usb . once you get it into recovery mode , you can try restoring your backup and/or doing a factory reset and clearing the dalvik cache . if you get it into download mode , i recommend using odin to flash a stock rom as per this question 's answer : can only access 2.2gb of internal storage from windows . just use an i9000 rom , not the captivate roms linked in that questions . you can find one at http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=846913 , for example the newest europe/middle east/asia one is i9000xwjs8 .
there is a company that is working on doing this but they said they will not be releasing it to consumers , they want to go directly to oems : onskreen .
currently on the nexus-5 stock launcher the ' google experience launcher ' or ' gel ' for short , there is no way to customise the app picker / app drawer . you could install a free third party launcher such as nova launcher which i have checked and it has a ' list ' option , or apex launcher the potential downside to a third party launcher is you will lose the google now integration on the left most homescreen and the ok google functionality .
more of a photography question than an android question , i think . remember that hdr is high dynamic range , essentially your camera takes 3 ( or more ) pictures at different exposures : one normal , one bight , one dark ( ev -1,0 , +1 ) . it then combines all of these to create an image that represents what ' what your eyes see ' by bringing out the dark parts of the photo with the light copy and dimming the bright parts with the dark copy ( a simplified explanation ) . with the images you have shown me , it seems as if you are shooting directly into a light source , and while this works if you want to shoot a silhouette , it is not the best option for hdr style photography unless you have control on how to edit the highlights/shadow -essentially photoshop type post-processing . this is not very conducive to hdr imaging , and thusly will produce ' bad ' ( not desired ) images . i would suggest taking a picture where the light source is behind the phone ( not aimed at the lens ) as a hdr comparison . to explain for the difference between stock camera hdr and best hdr pro , my thoughts go to the hdr algorithm . i assume that both apps have a different way of processing hdr images , and from the looks of it , the stock camera is using an algorithm that avoids the use of noise while best hdr pro is pushing either iso or brightness up to give a more hdr like look . like i stated before , take images with light coming in from different directions and try to take images with quite a bit of detail ( flowers , landscapes , ect . ) to get a good comparison . that should help you decide on the performance of the apps themselves .
you can use bluestacks ; works as emulator .
you could install the android sdk and run an instance of android through the emulator . probably not the simplest solution but the emulator usually runs pretty well for developers .
for those who do not use dd , appextractor supports importing contacts from a nandroid backup .
well , this took a long time . for future searchers , here 's what you can do : find your contacts2 . db file hidden somewhere in android . most of the time it is located in /data/data/com . android . providers . contacts/databases . i was lucky and found it in a search through titanium backups ' tarballs . nab that file . it has everything in it in a sql database . i then found this excellent script to extract and convert all contacts into a . vcf format for easy importing into the next device . it is located here on github and requires two dependencies ( on an ubuntu 12.04 machine in which it was written for ) : sqllite3 and libsqllite3-dev : sudo apt-get install sqlite3 libsqlite3-dev  after dependencies are satisfied , save the script on github as dbconverter . sh . mark it as executable : chmod +x dbconverter.sh  use the script like this : ./dbconverter.sh contacts2.db &gt; contacts2.vcf  you will then have a lovely . vcf file for easy importing into your phone .
you might wish to give the external keyboard helper a try . take a look at this screenshot ( click for large variant ) : external keyboard helper ( source : google play ; click images for larger variant ) that is just two of its setting screens . see the second entry in the first ? chose keyboard layout . that is what you are looking for . and it should only apply to the external keyboard , while leaving your " software keyboard " untouched .
are you using stock / default keyboard ? open the keyboard settings ( in the keyboard , it is the cogwheel/gear icon to the left of the space bar ) . go to General settings &gt; Input languages and select english .
let me suggest you russian keyboard app . it allows you to choose different layouts for hardware and software keyboards ( one or multiple ) . it supports any layout ( including your own ) . and it is free . the only thing you should know is that selected layouts work as long as the app is selected as a current input method .
the best way to use two different languages either on a smartphone or on a tablet is from device standard settings , with device keyboard and also with external usb and bluetooth keyboard . to use more than one language follow the images : [ i can not post images yet ] General Settings -&gt; Language and input -&gt; Option of Samsung keyboard -&gt; Input languages  here you can chose between many languages . so you have setted correctly . now to use one or the other language when you write is very easy , you have to slide with finger on the spacebar of the device keyboard .
matt 's answer is great , but you could also try : shut off wifi turn on flight mode ( Settings -&gt; Wireless and network ) turn off flight mode hopefully you should get a 3g connection within seconds here 's another method ( might be device-specific or 2.2+ only , not sure ; it works on my galaxy s ) : shut off wifi hold your power button for a second to bring up the power/network menu click " data network mode " to deactivate 3g click it again to reactivate 3g hopefully you should get a 3g connection within seconds
you could try using quick settings to toggle the 3g connection . it has seperate toggle switches for 3g and wifi but when wifi is on it automatically turns off 3g . when i click the toggle to turn on 3g it automatically disables the wifi .
yes , it decreases standby time because wifi is one of the more significant things draining the battery . as long as wifi is enabled , your phone is constantly scanning for new networks and " listening " on tcp ports . additionally it will be sending data from applications , requesting updates , etc . ; and if you have the play store set to automatically update apps then it will also be downloading and installing apps , which also significantly drains the battery . i suggest to use juicedefender or an equivalent app if you are experiencing poor battery life .
as jamesryan pointed out , leaving wifi connected and inactive uses less battery than if it has to keep searching for an ap . i use a htc desire and initially had my wifi set to sleep after 15min , but then realised that every time i unlocked my phone it would wake the wifi , and in turn it would start searching for an ap . afterwards , i set wifi to never turn off - this actually resulted in more battery power left at the end of the day ( even with the occasional sync of my accounts - email , twitter etc ) .
this has been my experience with htc 's evo : wifi uses less power compared to 3g when actively downloading/uploading large amounts of data . even when doing a lot of browsing . however , unlike 3g , the wifi radio never goes to sleep . so when you are not actively downloading data , it is best to turn it off . this is unlike gps and bluetooth where if they are not being used , they do not use much power at all .
turning off anything that is not in use will generally increase battery life . also remember that the biggest drain on the battery is generally the display . setting your brightness to the lowest level ( or at least auto ) can do a lot to save your battery life . also , if you typically connect to wifi at home , but do not have access at your work , there are apps that can automatically turn off the wifi radio ( among other things ) in the morning , then turn it back on in the late afternoon/early evening . i use advanced volume mode scheduler to do this .
wifi uses significantly less power then 2g or 3g and in fact uses less while connected and inactive than when it is searching for an ap . so i leave it on all the time and my battery lasts longer .
by my experience it seems that if wifi is connected to a network then leaving it on will improve standby time as all the periodic data access that an android phone does will go through wifi . and accessing data over wifi is more battery efficient than 2g/3g/lte . on the other side , if wifi is not connected to a network then it will constantly search for one and decrease the standby time . so what i try to do is to leave wifi on whenever i think i will be around a known wifi ap for some time but i leave it off the rest of the time . the drawback is that it forces me to change the setting at least a couple times per day .
yes , i would imagine leaving wifi on all the time would drain the battery faster . even if you are not actively connected to an access point ( ap ) , the phone is still constantly scanning all the aps in the vicinity of where you are and that takes energy .
the general rule is to turn off what you are not using .
he probably is talking about the galaxy tab . most non-android-enthusiasts tend to refer to anything that runs on android as " droid . " there are a number of android tablets available right now , and as you saw motorola is releasing a tablet at the beginning of 2011 , but the only one available through verizon is the galaxy tab so that is probably what he is talking about . if you are going to give him advice , i would say the most relevant difference ( that he may not pick up on from comparing the specs ) between the two tabs is that the galaxy supports flash and the ipad does not . there is lots of other differences but most people do not understand the implications of this . for example , my friend bought his wife an ipad for her birthday not too long ago and she hates it because all she wants to do is browse all her shopping sites , most of which turn out to be powered by flash .
to address your question in the comments : star this issue and perhaps leave a comment . hopefully google will take notice and improve the email app ! in the meantime , though , i do suggest using a third-party app . depend on your company 's rules , you could even create a secondary gmail account and either have your work emails forwarded to it or have gmail grab mail from your work account via pop3 or imap , and then you could use the gmail app for search .
afaik android has no support for umts/lte/mobile-connectivity usb-sticks . the sim slot was always used for mobile connectivity . the gobi chip supports more technology for mobile connectivity , allowing the thinkpad to establish mobile connectivity in various countries . with a normal chip you are restricted to your region .
not sure which os runs on your laptop , but android uses the wpa_supplicant for wifi authentication . if wpa_supplicant provides a way to disable the cache , you will have to configure it in the /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf configuration file .
the default android behavior has no option for this . like you mentioned you will always get the question on each start of a browser intent ( that is asking android to open an url in a browser ) . the only way to stop this is to select one and set it as a default . on the other hand , once you are in a browser session the programmer of the browser could implement the request of a given url to be handled by itself , rather than starting a new browser intent . that would overcome your issue . if you then start a browser intent to view a url you will get the android option to select a browser . and the next urls will just be opened in the same browser . in other words it really depends on the implementation of that browser .
no . android works with intents . opening a link is asking for an intent to open an url . if you have more than 1 browser and you have not set a default , android will ask you which one to choose . i can imagine certain browsers not following this rule of starting an intent and just stay in their own program but that is all as the program decide to handle it .
the play store on the handset is running as a service in the background and by clicking on the ' install ' from the web front-end on desktop pc browser , this triggers a push notification ( am guessing its gcm - google cloud messaging ) which is broadcast across the network only to designated google accounts which you happen to be signed in . when the play store service receives the broadcast , that triggers it to pull it down . as for asking how is this implemented is beyond the scope as that is bordering on asking in the direction of development efforts . only google is allowed to do that and is part of the terms and conditions of play store usage . that i would also think is how google can send a kill switch to designated handsets ( it happened before , on pre-release of ics on galaxy nexus , which happened to get leaked by accident on google employee 's handset , by one of the us carriers , and the kill was issued which wiped the rom , after it was posted on reddit - iirc ) edit : i am speculating on how the play store does it , and is proprietary . . .
what home screen application are you using ? in launcher pro , i can long-press on the dock icon , and change the icon and/or shortcut . i can also disable the overlay from Menu &gt; Preferences &gt; Dock Settings &gt; Missed call count/Unread SMS count/Unread Gmail count
assuming you are using the default samsung touchwiz launcher : open the app drawer ( applications ) press menu , select view type -> customizable grid press menu , choose edit drag off the messaging icon , and drag on handcent . i have replaced it with gmail , myself .
i have a samsung galaxy s4 , but you should have something similar to this : System settings &gt; Connections &gt; More Networks &gt; Tethering and portable hotspot &gt; Portable Wi-Fi hotspot .
in android 4.2 and later , you can tell android which wi-fi networks are mobile hotspots . in the device settings , go to the data usage page , then open the overflow menu ( the three dots in the top-right ) and click mobile hotspots . it shows a list of wi-fi networks known to the device : tick any that are mobile hotspots . then , when you are on a network that is ticked on that list , android will tell apps that the device is on 3g . any " wi-fi only " update settings in apps or in the os will act accordingly . in addition , if the mobile hotspot is an android phone running 4.3 or later , the hotspot will communicate this to the tablet , so it will automatically treat that wi-fi network as a mobile hotspot , without any user intervention . for earlier android versions , certain apps ( such as my app showr ) have similar settings to the android 4.2 mobile hotspots page , allowing you to treat a wi-fi network as 3g within that app . this is less useful than the android-wide setting , because not every app supports it , and you need to set it for each app individually , but it works just as well if you can not update to 4.2 .
as you indicated a firewall might do the trick , but you have got no root : you might wish to take a look at noroot firewall and mobiwol : noroot firewall , which both claim to require no root ( as their names indicate ) . noroot firewall works based on defined ip rules : noroot firewall requires no root . it protects your personal information from being sent to the internet . noroot firewall notifies you when an app is trying to access the internet . all you need to do is just press allow or deny button . noroot firewall allows you to create filter rules based on ip address , host name or domain name . you can allow or deny only specific connections of an app . so this will probably not do , as it would apply to " everything " . however , mobiwol should fill the gap : it registers as a vpn , and explicitly claims : disable background activity for selected apps mobiwol : app-specific rules , settings , logs ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants ) as a side-effect , you can see in the logs which apps connected where to , and might catch some performing suspicious activities ; )
for completeness the answer will also include everything some of which you already know . i understand in your situation that the phone is not distinguishing from your hotspot style of wi-fi ( using expensive data from a cell tower ) to any other wi-fi connection that the data would be cheaper to use . manual and automatic methods there are methods to both easily manually disable auto-sync , and methods to automate the disabling of it : automatic if connected to " home wifi " , then turn on auto-sync ( less account data ) . if connected to " teathername wifi " , then turn off auto-sync simple " scripters " like " macrodroid " , plus other simple " rules creators " can pull this off . example : i mention these 2 because i could not program my way out of a paper bag , but i can make a few scripts , or rules , or constraints , using those methods . probably tasker and automate-it could also perform these functions . auto-sync off is a " easy one " . in my short time with that macrodroid app , i was also able to have it reliably recognise that specific bluetooth devices are connected ( keyboard ) , so that could also be applied to make a auto-sync change . it can also use a " hotspot " trigger and actions , which will not do any good in your situation , because the hotspot is not the device you need to control . that method would have to be applied to the hotspot machine , and some creative firewalling , that does not sound so easy . stopping google store auto updates manually to access the setting when your in the google play store application hit your menu button , and select settings . go to the auto-update section of the settings . setting your apps to never auto update does mean that you have to manually update them , but that gives you the option to choose when the updates occur , giving you control , the google play store settings for update applications can be set to update as follows : a ) do not auto-update apps b ) auto update at any time c ) auto update apps over wi-fi only manual updates at the google store are made easy when you select the play store icon , and go to my apps section . the google store sorts apps that have updates available to the top of the " my apps " listing by carefully adding updates to your device manually you can know if a specific update is causing problems . widget auto-sync switch there are many " widget " programs that will add an icon on your home screen to disable auto sync easily . widget manual sync starting there are also widget apps that have " sync now " button , with syncnow syncing will be updated manually at the press of a button . on my machine this activity ends , after any needed sync is done . background data from apps manual settings in the network settings you click on the mobile data clicking on the menu button to get to the settings . we can see the restrict background setting , and the auto-sync data setting . automatic , identifying a mobile hotspot for no background app data in the above settings mobile data / menu button / mobile hotspots in the mobile hotspot settings , you can select exisiting mobile hotspots , to restrict background app data .
i found four partial solutions to this , with varying thoroughness : 1 . configure tasker or llama to turn off auto-sync . see the question auto sync only when connected to a specific wifi network . instructions are similar for bluetooth or usb tethering . this eliminates the background sync of google apps such as calendar , contacts , gmail , maps , etc . all other apps , such as weather apps , could and would still update . 2 . set the tethering ap as a " mobile hotspot " this is a duplicate of " treat certain wifi networks as mobile/cellular " . you would check your phone 's hotspot ap name as a mobile hotspot . reading off the screen , select the wi-fi networks which are mobile hotspots . apps can be restricted from using these networks when in the background . apps may also warn before using these networks for large downloads . see dan hulme 's answer for further information . however for wifi-only devices the google play store does not have a " auto-update apps over only wifi only " option . i do not know yet if the play store updates apps while on a mobile hotspot . maybe . so i guess the solution is to keep app auto-updates off . 3 . use bluetooth or usb tethering bluetooth and usb tethering are not wi-fi , so therefore apps that set to update only on wi-fi will not update while the tablet under bluetooth or usb tethering . turn off autosync , as per #1 , and this appears as comprehensive as one can get . . . . however for wifi-only devices the google play store does not have a " auto-update apps over only wifi only " option . i do not know yet if the play store updates apps while on bluetooth or usb tethering , so again i guess the solution is to keep app auto-updates off . 4 . enable/disable a firewall the most thorough solution ? if your tablet is rooted , then you can install a firewall to block all internet access except the turn-by-turn navigation app . then all you got to do is enable or disable this firewall . see also izzy 's answer which mentions a vpn-based firewall .
you can remove them , you just need to root your device and then download titanium backup and you will be able to clean them out completely ! 1 ) how to root your phone ? depends on your device ! 2 ) stop updates ? go to apps , find samsung apps and there you have an option to specify when to update them ! choose none and you are good to go .
you cannot remove those apps normally . what you can do is - disable them , at least you will not be getting annoying notifications . open application manager -> all -> chaton and click on disable if you really want to purge them . you have to root your device .
currently , the default google launcher does not allow any customisation . in order to go to a particular screen , you need a custom launcher . there is no other way around it .
you need to update to 2.3 for play store . or root you os , install xda assistant and uninstall the bundled google market . now install cwm , download and install gappss . it will surely help .
clearing the cache did not work for me but uninstalling updates did work .
clearing the cache worked for me . settings / applications / manage applications / google play store and then clear data .
there are several factors , which i will address ( pun intended ) in no particular order . ram is expensive sure , memory chips may be cheap , but that is not the only ( or even the main ) cost . alongside the ram itself you need extra buses , power lines , bigger memory controllers , heatsinks , and c . the ram also takes physical space on-chip . for oomph-per-dollar , at the moment , you are better off increasing cache sizes rather than memory sizes . also , do not forget how power-hungry ram is . doubling the ram capacity means doubling its power budget , which means either your battery life gets even worse , or you need bigger batteries . now , you could say that the extra ram could be powered down until it is needed , but ( a ) do not forget that android currently tries to keep all the ram full to save cpu cycles , so the software changes to support that would be very expensive , and ( b ) that is just giving app developers another way to screw up and run your battery down . so , it is not as cheap as all that , and you do not want to add more ram until you can really use it , which you can not , because of 32-bit processors remember how desktops and servers only started having lots of ram when 64-bit processors became popular ? that is because 32-bit processors can only have 4 gb of address space . that has to include all the ram you want to access , plus any memory-mapped buffers for accessing other hardware and storage . by the time you count everything , it effectively limits you to accessing about 3gb of ram . with lpae ( the arm equivalent of intel 's pae ) you can make that a per-process limit rather than a whole-system limit . that is , you could have 8 gb of ram in your device , and each process could use up to 3gb of it . but that is not as useful for a phone as it is for a server , because of single-tasking unlike ios , android lets apps run background services , but realistically , they are not going to be doing memory-intensive operations . you do not need 2 gb of ram to sync your email and contacts , and for more intensive background operations , the trend has been to put them in " the cloud " , letting big servers handle the heavy lifting and just send the results to your screen . if you think of a smartphone and tablet as just a thin client connected to internet services , there is no way you had even need 1 gb of ram . ram demands have only grown past that because of increasing screen resolutions and the need to supply large textures to games . you mentioned potential for multitasking , but it is a tiny minority of users would would ever be swapping between two memory-hungry apps on a tablet or phone . maybe a paint program and a 3d modelling app ? this may be something that changes if manufacturers start bringing android to desktops or more powerful portables , but right now ram is not the only thing stopping people using their devices that way . even if you are multitasking , you have fast non-volatile memory android devices have an extra advantage that means they do not need as much ram as desktops or servers : fast non-volatile storage . you mentioned swapping to disk in your question , so do not forget that windows has been doing this with readyboost , which uses a flash drive as virtual memory ( the windows equivalent of swap space ) . using flash memory as swap is actually pretty fast , especially when it is internal memory ( so the system integrator can tune everything for its latency and bandwidth ) rather than an arbitrary sd card . android already lets apps pack up their gui state into special storage before they go away . this lets background processes take up less memory , and provides a path for android to move that state to non-volatile memory . i would expect to see this mechanism used a lot more cleverly in software to make the most of the ram you already have , before manufacturers start pushing the 32-bit limit . to summarise : there is no reason android devices can not have more memory , but adding more is not just a question of going to pc world and buying a stick of ddr . at the same time , most users will not see any benefit from the extra memory ; the way android devices are used and the way android apps are written would have to change before they would . if you want to replace your home server with a cheap , power-efficient arm computer , there is no need to look to android for that . you can get small arm servers that run gnu/linux , and even some mainstream nases are easy to install a gnu/linux distro on . you might even be able to repurpose an android device for this ( for example , ubuntu 13.04 is supposed to run on a nexus 7 ) .
you did not give details on " broken " in which way , but if it is about not charging , or having a flaky connection when charging : there seems to be a common problem with the micro-usb port speciffically in phones . it is very simple , but not so simple to detect . the problem is dust on the " back wall " of the connector on the phone . if you look into it , wou will just see this " wall " , with no dust . chances are that there is dust - like fiber collected from cloth of paper in your pocket over time , but perfectly compressed by hundreds of connecting cycles . looks just like a perfect surface ( in the limited visibility situation in the socket ) . so please do not make an assumption about it and give it a try - use a needle to scratch that " wall " , and see how it reacts . next part may be easy , surprising , and fun ! ( take care of unpowering the device it you use a conducting tool )
you just need to create a . vcf file on your sd card and copy that to your android phone or using your sim card when you copy contacts select ' move original ' to sim from phone or connect your handset to your pc via pc suite and sync . connect your android phone to your pc and transfer them to it
first try syncing all your nokia 's contacts to phonecopy . and then install phonecopy to your android . and you are done . http://www.phonecopy.com/
like chahk said , the folder is /sdcard/TextSecureExport . i have had trouble accessing it ( even after moving it ) over the camera-centric usb interfaces . i ended up compressing the file to a zip archive using es file explorer and then using google drive to browse and upload the file . this also makes it easy to pull back down to a different device or after wiping memory .
the folder is /sdcard/TextSecureExport  but sometimes the phone doesen't show the folder on your computer , then you could use a filemanager on your phone like es file explorer to move the backupped files into another folder that is visible on your computer
i am not sure whether this works as i believe broadcast settings are not stored in sim . i searched and stumbled on this htc support page where the solution is said as : i resolve problem . it is very simple . just put your sim card in old or some other phone and turn off cell broadcast info option . then return your sim in new phone . on my htc desire 500 there is no option for cell broadcast . after this procedure i do not recives messages . then , another search result says with better detail ( you may have to search for Cell Broadcast . though this not deals with your phone ( with htc desire t327w ) , i guess this seems to be a common issue with few htc phones . as per that page : 26-sep-2013 - my earlier review talks about cell broadcast messages problem faced by me while using htc desire xds . after a lot of followup with htc , i have got the steps using which the cell broadcast messages have got disabled in my desire xds . the steps taken by me were as follows for each of the two sim cards : a ) find an old phone which has an option to enable/disable broadcast channels and messages ( in my case its a samsung d500 ) . b ) insert the first sim in that old phone and go to the settings menu for broadcast messages . c ) at first the channels and messages usually appear as disabled . i changed the setting for both channels and messages to enabled in the old phone . d ) switch-off the old phone and switch-on e ) go to the settings menu for broadcast messages . change the settings for both channels and messages to disabled . f ) switch-off the old phone and switch-on g ) switch-off the old phone and remove sim card h ) do the same steps ( a-g ) for the second sim i ) insert the sim cards back in htc desire xds now i do not get any broadcast messages , its such a relief . i hope htc provides a better and elegant solution via a software update in the upgrade to android 4.3 .
assuming the device is running android 4.0 or higher , you could use adb backup to get all data to your computer . then you could extract your messages from the backup file , see e.g. : how do you extract an app 's data from a full backup made through adb backup ? is there a way to look inside and modify an adb backup created file ? backup using adb on a phone with a dead screen if you have root access , an easier way might be to directly exctract the corresponding database using adb pull . while the sms database usually is located in /data/data/com.android.providers.telephony/mmssms.db , it seems on samsung devices different locations might be used . see e.g. where on the file system are sms messages stored ? a third variant would be utilizing vnc to substitute your screen : broken screen + using adb shell to run vnc server .
if you are willing to compile your own roms , you can definitely build them for the emulator . roms are device-specific , and the emulator is just like another device . if you include the drivers/setup code with the rom , it will boot on the device .
you can not do that . as you already know , roms are built for the specific hardware they run on . they have drivers and settings that only work on that hardware . the emulator only emulates a particular hardware configuration , and requires its own drivers for the emulated hardware . to run a rom file for a phone you had need to change the emulator to emulate the specific hardware of that phone . this is next to impossible without the support of the device manufacturer , and would need to be repeated for each device . alternatively , if you had the source of the rom , you could change it to have the drivers and configuration for the emulator , but then it would not be the production rom any more .
i have a roku that is hooked up to my tv . i use plex to handle streaming videos from my pc and other devices . rokus are pretty cheap and plex has done what i need .
i would recommend giving bubbleupnp a try . you will need a dlna/upnp server on your pc for that , but there are plenty of alternatives available . then you can use bubbleupnp as dlna server and control point . i use it to tell my tv what video to play ( tv acts as renderer then , and can be selected from within bubbleupnp ) . you can also tell the tv to play media from your android device , of course  either from bubbleupnp ( as control point ) , or from your tv browsing it . note , however , that for this to work , it has some pre-conditions : your tv must support dlna ( and ideally act as a media renderer ) you need a dlna/upnp server software on your pc ( if you are on windows , i have heard media player should do )
does your phone have a mhl connector ? if so , you could get a mhl to hdmi adapter , connect the phone to the tv and use a video player to stream the content from the pc . i would recommend using plex media server on the pc to host the content and the plex android app to play them . this way you do not have to deal with different video formats as they are automatically transcoded if the source file is not compatible with android . note that plex supports streaming for many different devices , so depending on your tv you may be able to stream directly to it .
quick'n'dirty , stream content to phone and cast screen to tv . try the allcast app .
which model ? try checking from the setting menu > about device ( or your tablet ) > system updates . you will be prompted if there is a firmware update . hoped it helps .
currently the official dropbox app does not support automatic camera upload if you have charge less than 30% . you can do it manually though or through a browser . only 3rd party apps like dropsync can upload when it is at low charge .
i do not know of a way to cause the dropbox app to do it , but if you use dropsync ( an third-party app that syncs android&lt ; -> dropbox ) , you can control the sync vs . battery behavior .
plug it into charge . . . it will upload straight away . not always feasible i know but at least you do not actually have to wait for the battery charge to be higher . . . it does go ahead and upload straight away .
seems to be a google issue . there is a blog post on swiftkey 's support site . essentially : the issue is that google play installs paid apps in a particular location on your phone and that in some versions of android ( particularly 4.1 on samsung devices ) this location is not available at the point in the boot process where keyboards are being switched on . so your phone does not know that you have swiftkey , and it defaults back to the phones keyboard .
swiftkey recommends : place the swiftkey icon on your home screen , then resetting it as your input method will literally only take two clicks . this is a known issue in android code , and as per https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=34880 will be fixed in the next version of android you receive . ( paraphrased for clarity )
the issue has been reported to swiftkey who have responded with the following : weve worked with google to determine the cause of the issue . after researching this in depth , google has told us this is a regression in the android framework . theyve also assured us that this will be resolved in a future update to the android operating system
i had the same issue , mine is not rooted too , this worked : go to settings , apps , all , and then look for contacts ( not phone contacts or sim contacts , is the one that has the contacts icon ) , then force stop , erase data . restart phone to restart contacts app and it will work properly ; ) hope this helps !
if your device is rooted , you can use titanium backup to wipe data for the contact application . there by you will reset the contact app 's settings as well as the contacts . there by you can start fresh . however , if you had synced the contacts before this step , you can again sync to get back your contacts .
there is an app that can do this , un-rooted , called droidcopy it transfers everything across via bluetooth . disclosure : i am associated with the app .
your apps will be synchronized with your google account . you can see what apps are synchronized by going to the web-based google play/android market site and going into account settings . your contacts as well are synchronized by default but to make sure , go to account settings on your phone . your pictures , downloads , and any other files you may want to transfer can be uploaded to your computer temporarily and then from your computer to your new phone . alternatively , you could do this last bit a number of ways : bluetooth : bluetooth file transfer ftp : ftp server , ftp client samba : samba server , samba client you get the idea : file transfer apps you would need to root your phone to be able to access or copy the application data to your new phone .
helium - app sync and backup ( previously carbon ) will sync all your app data , such as settings and so on : helium lets you backup your apps and data to your sd card or cloud storage . with helium , you can sync app data from your other android devices-- even if they are not on the same network [ . . . ] helium does not require root . all android users can use helium to backup and sync android applications .
it depends on the device . some devices have a safe mode , whereas some do not . if it does have a safe mode , the combination would most likely be in the instruction manual . on my old lg-gt540 , pressing home and power booted safe mode . remember that this functionality can sometimes be broken when using a custom rom .
this will help . i got stuck on that too ! ! http://www.apnaarticle.com/htc-one-enter-and-exit-safe-mode/
this depends a little on the device and what version of android you have . on versions of android later than 4.1 you can access safe mode by bringing up the power down menu ( i.e. . hold the power button ) and long pressing the " power off " option . this will bring up a little dialog box that will ask if you want to reboot into safe mode . the addition is noted on the android web site under " system " changes . on some older phones - though not all will necessarily support this - there may be a button combination that you can hold at boot to get into safe mode instead . for example , the galaxy s2 used to allow you to hold down the hard menu button during the boot process to start up in safe mode . others have used ( i believe ) holding both volume up and volume down . check your user manual ( or google ) for your specific device to find more information , including whether or not the device supports safe mode at all . as to what " safe mode " means - it generally disables third party apps and widgets , to help you recover from a bad app install , give you a chance to remove a possibly rogue/malicious app , or simply determine what apps may be causing problems in your system .
imo has a direct download link on their android webpage . there also seem to be quite a few other apps to try : https://play.google.com/store/search?q=facebook+chatc=apps
looks like there is no way to synch google maps favorities . i discovered osmand stores its favorities in /osmand/favourites . gpx . it is a xml file , each favority has name , category , latitude and longitude . in google maps , anywhere we can rightclick and click " what is here ? " . it will show top left the coordinates of the place rightclicked . the solution i found was to manually handle my favorites . in osmand , we go favorites and click on the middle-bottom button to import any new record in that file . when i need to add any new favorite i will just edit the file and import it again . this way i will always have control of them and can backup the file .
you can add offline map to google maps by setting the view to the region to want to store , then searching the phrase " ok maps " . for custom maps you currently need google maps engine app , afaik . not sure if it had offline storage at present .
have you tried restarting your phone after you removed the mail account ? make sure to also uncheck Settings &gt; Security &gt; Device administrators &gt; Email .
if your device is rooted , there is a solution available to you : location cache can not only show you what currently is contained in your location cache , it can also delete cached locations , and even " lock " it -- i.e. it kinda " write protects " the location cache , so no new entries can be written into . effects are multiple : no data cached means slower location , as the last position is no longer available as uploading your " latest locations " is handled " bulk-wise " from the cache , it also means : no data in cache -- no bulk-upload to google 's servers -- privacy protected . i just remember : in android 2.1 and earlier , we were able to activate " network based locations " and still keep our privacy by unchecking the " share with google " checkbox . if you try this with android 2.2+ , unchecking that second box automatically unchecks " use network-based locations " as well . so it is technically possible ( and even was implemented this way ) to respect our privacy -- but intentionally disabled . do not think evil . . . remark : location cache does no longer work from ics up , it seems -- according to the description on the playstore : ( if i can see any alternative , i will update this answer . meanwhile , it at least provides help to those with froyo and gingerbread . . . as i read in the description of android location cache viewer , this might be due to the fact the locations are no longer stored on the device ( at least not in the same place ; so either the place has changed , or transmission to google 's server takes place immediately -- which would also mean the " last location " would no longer be present locally , which i doubt ) . those of you who cannot stop google getting those data , but still want to protect their privacy , could make use of location spoofers ( e . g . location spoofer or catchmeifucan ) to at least cause some confusion to potential abusers : )
you can not remove the battery on the razr or maxx , so the magical key sequence to power off is holding the volume down and the power key for 10 seconds .
it is not a benefit or a feature per se , but rather a design issue . some devices ' hardware will not respond to hardware buttons to force a reboot , necessitating a hard power off ( ie , removing the battery ) if the system crashes . it depends on how the hardware is designed - ie , if there is a separate circuit , not dependent on the os , that a physical button can trigger to force a hard reboot ( similar to many pcs , where holding down the power button for 5 seconds will force a hard reboot ) .
that is not entirely true . when your device crashes , press and hold the power button for 10 seconds . the device will be rebooted . it works at least on my galaxy s . you should try it , too . if this method is not working , you should not blame android for that . this is the way computers work . when the kernel runs out of memory , the device is crashed . your screen is on or off , it does not matter . . the data is intact in memory ( mainly ram ) . the ram is designed such that it can hold data as long as it has power supply . it is not like hard drives , dvds etc which could hold data without power supply . when you remove battery , the ram loses its data . so , when you start the device after that , it is like a fresh start , the kernel is loaded again in ram to handle everything as usual . ( if you have problems understanding any terms or process in last paragraph , please see this question for some definitions . )
i would check out yahoo messenger . i have not used it but it is the only video chat app that i am aware of that can communicate with a computer . i believe fring and qik only go phone to phone . also , keep an eye on skype , unfortunately at the moment their android offering is very limited .
another option will be oovoo . the free version allows 2-way video chat between android and mac ( plus many other platforms ) they are expected to release a version for the galaxy tab in february according to this http://www.cnet.com/8301-19736_1-20025684-251.html
if i enable location sharing in latitude , that comes with google maps , all my friends with whom i have enabled sharing can see me either from their phone or logging in to google maps .
in the contacts menu do you have a menu item called accounts ? it should show which accounts are synched up and also have the option to not sync to any account . you could turn sync to accounts off here and may then be able to import contacts to phone only . alternatively you could make sure the phone is not connected to the internet ( wifi or data ) , import the contacts into one of the accounts , then go into settings and switch sync contacts off for both the accounts available .
from the op : ok , managed to solve this . can not answer my own question for 8 hours , by which time i will forget . if a mod can mark this as answered , please do fastboot will allow you to install signed images , apparently , so the trick is to use one of those . steps to resolve : downloaded a copy of the relevant rom from here . unzipped . i could not just push using fastboot update because fastboot expects roms to contain certain informational files ( android-info.txt and android-product.txt ) which the above archive lacks . pushed each of the files using the following commands . mfastboot is the motorola-specific fastboot , which i found here . that archive contains versions for linux , mac , and windows , which is nice . ( darwin == mac . ) i am fairly confident you can use that in place of fastboot everywhere below . make sure you use the right carrier code and rom ! i have verizon ( vzw ) . fastboot oem fb_mode_set fastboot flash partition gpt . bin fastboot flash motoboot motoboot . img fastboot flash logo logo . bin fastboot flash boot boot . img fastboot flash recovery recovery . img mfastboot flash system system . img fastboot flash modem non-hlos . bin fastboot erase modemst1 fastboot erase modemst2 fastboot flash fsg fsg . mbn fastboot erase cache fastboot erase userdata fastboot erase customize fastboot erase clogo fastboot oem config carrier vzw fastboot oem fb_mode_clear done ! at this stage i rebooted and it was exactly as new .
some apps like google music would not install on certain custom roms . however , i have found this unpredictable . cyanogenmod no issue , tried another rom and had an issue . it is down , as far as i understand , to the fact that you could pirate music , books etc easier with an unlocked device with su . from my own anecdotal useage every app i need has installed fine . google 's restrictions seem to have been lifted ( or loosened ) and searching around the last time someone encountered this aws 2011 http://www.androidcentral.com/google-movies-blocked-rooted-devices as the above poster said you may not get gapps but that can be flashed as part of the rom installation anayways .
install gapps . you will get that from the same link where you downloaded the custom rom . due some authority rights and exception , the custom rom will now support the play store you installed externally .
there is no such restriction . i use custom roms on two of my devices , and the playstore is acting normal . the only problem you might face is that the google play app will not come pre-installed . you need to flash a package called " gapps " , which must match the android version used by your custom rom . usually , the corresponding links are pointed out on the page where you download your rom from .
yes , it is very possible . basically you can flash a rom ( custom or stock ) very easily , and this is equivalent to a full format and reinstall . basic steps would be : acquire preferred rom and transfer to sd card / internal memory reboot into recovery ( hold volume up as you power up the phone ) flash rom this is covered more in depth at these links ( xda is a great resource ) : overall " guides " for the xperia s " guide " to flashing the xperia s ( it is a fairly light-on-detail guide though , it is a very simple process )
i would assume that it would be similar or the same as the 8gb nexus 7 , which is about 5.92gb .
after you start the recording which you have already figured out , but for others i will list it below , you add a wait action for the specified amount of time , then add an action to stop recording . in your task , choose plugin-> easy voice recorder and configure it to record . for the second action , choose task-> wait and configure it for 10 hours . for the final action , choose plugin -> easy voice recorder and configure it to stop .
you can go un-official , cm7 works great on it . . . a gb aosp rom more info here
wipe data will wipe everything on your /data partition ( hence the name ) . a factory reset will wipe the same ( additionally also cache and dalvik cache ) , and put your device back to a virgin state . usually , this does not touch the ( external ) sdcard , and afaik should not touch the internal sdcard either . i do not know on which partition your mentioned folder resides ; but if you want to be on the safe side , back up everything to the external sdcard ( or even better off-device , e.g. to your computer ) .
it deletes /data files . if you have a backup in mnt/shell , it will not be deleated . also , you can restore your backup after factory reset .
if it reoccurs again and you have trouble pinning down which app it is , i would recommend watchdog ( free version is more than sufficient ) . you can use it to to track down what is eating up cpu so you can eliminate the program directly instead of having to remove it all and swap them all in individually .
i have had a lot of pegged-cpu , laggy-phone problems with my mt3g stock android phone . at different times , i have thought it was due to specific apps , but it usually comes back . certain apps make it worse , better keyboard seemed epecially bad , but i am not sure any one app is the root cause . i have master re-set a few times , it eventually comes back . very , very frustrating . ( i use wing tseng 's task manager to see cpu usage . )
are you over/underclocking your cpu at all and/or using profiles ? a lot of users will underclock their cpu when the phone is sleeping , which may save battery . however , if you underclock too much ( 125 mhz ) , the phone will lag like crazy when it wakes . it is recommended to never underclock further than 250 mhz . aside from that , i am not really sure anything would cause this to happen and would need more information to help you diagnose .
instead of doing that , just try with watchdog app , which finds which app uses more of your memory or slow downs your android phone . . hope it helps you . .
you may have muted notifications for this contact . press the menu button on your device ( or touch the menu button in the top bar ( action bar ) if your phone has no menu button ) and go down to " mute " then from there you should see an option to hide notifications . all you have to do is turn that off , and that contact 's/group 's notifications should start appearing again .
some causes and answers . . . you leave a high-cpu using app/game paused or running . apps and games can and do continue to devour battery if left running . if you are going to step away for awhile , make sure to exit out of any games or apps first ( particularly any that usually cause the phone to get warm while using ) so they do not unnecessarily become power vampires . cellular/data signal hunting . especially with lte phones , if you are in an area with bad signal the radio on the phone will continue to try to make connection and will drain the phone in doing so . putting the phone in airplane mode before leaving it for extended periods will stop the radio from ' hunting ' . too many background activities ( or updates set too often ) . twitter , facebook , email , etc . . . setting how often they communicate with their servers ( like switching from every 5 minutes to once an hour ) can make a big impact on battery savings .
use an app like better battery stats to track down the issue and find the culprit .
go to voice . google . com . top right , click on settings -> voice settings . go to " calls " tab . turn call screening to " off "
try a different home screen manager . launcher pro does this on my phone for email and texts in the app shortcuts in the launcher bar . i do not use google tasks , so i can not speak to that one particularly .
you should try different launchers . most of them are better than the stock ones . so e.g. : apex launcher , nova launcher , launcher pro , and go launcher ex support adding notification badges . the best todo app i have ever seen is any . do to-do list and task list . give it a try .
samsung elected not to include all the texture compression formats when they integrated the mali-400 gpu into the exynos chip that powers the galaxy s ii . this is because some formats are patented and would require samsung to pay a fee to the patent-holder to support them . because the s ii was the first high-end phone not to support these formats , most game vendors were not ready to use alternative texture compression formats in their games , and such games will draw with missing textures , like in your screenshot . also , at the time the s ii came out , google play made it very hard to support multiple texture formats with one app : you had to include all the formats in one apk file , making it unnecessarily large . it is now much easier to build for different compression formats and automatically select the right textures for the device you are running on .
also have a samsung galaxy s2 and had the exact same problem with hawks , i installed a different version and it worked fine . i guess it is because of the mali gpu and compatibility .
http://www.jayceooi.com/2011/08/25/how-to-install-and-use-chainfire3d-on-samsung-galaxy-s2/ use this 100% works ! use the third plugin ( powervr ) and bia2 will work ! ! ! ! ! i was thinking i could help because when i had this problem i could not find it on the internet . good luck with it .
that is not a play store compatibility error that you are getting on your device , that is an install error which says that it is having problems installing the app on your device . the play store only checks some basic specs of your device ( like os versions , screen size , ram size , whether or not there is a camera , etc ) it can not tell remotely whether or not there is a problem with your device . there are a few threads on the internet that talk about getting error 942 when installing apps , and they seem to suggest that it is a problem with the googleapps on your device . either there is a data corruption in the gapps , or there is a problem with the version of gapps you have got installed . see some of these for more info : xda : play store - error code 942 xda : apps not available on market and cannot be installed manually and others the two main solutions that worked for people are clearing the application cache on google play services , and google services framework : to clear the app cache : go to settings > apps > all then find the following entries in the list google play services , google play store and google services framework go through each of those and select force stop ( if available ) and then clear cache the other solution that has worked for people using non-standard roms and installs like yours are to double-check the version of the google apps package that they have downloaded and installed and make sure that it really is the right version of gapps for their device and os version .
use disk usage app . it draws nice graphical diagram with directories proportional to their size . there is a dedicated lookup option for apps too .
link2sd comes with awesome filter settings and sort size . so in filter settings choose ' internal memory ' and in sort choose ' by data size ' . this way link2sd will show you all the programs that are in internal memory in descending order of their data size .
since rooting changes the system image , the ota update will not apply . you need to download the rom ( e . g . from sammobile.com ) and flash it by hand ( using kies ) .
the issue turned out to be with the charging cable . asus quickly swapped it over with a longer cable too .
charging via usb can happen at very different rates depending on what the " host " end is plugged into . generally the vendor-supplied wall charger is the " fastest " way , but perhaps something has gone bad with your supplied wall adapter . you should be able to improve charging times by shutting off wifi , gps , etc , and making sure the screen is off . see these questions for more details on what to look for on your adapters : why is charging from computer using usb slower than using an outlet ? galaxy tab is not being charged through usb cable
select the ' mass storage only ' option in the usb settings and then connect the cable . if this does not work , you can connect your laptop and your phone to the same wireless network and use airdroid to transfer files wirelessly from your laptop to your phone and vice versa using a browser on your laptop . both devices just have to be connected to the same wireless network ( with or without internet access ) . hope this helps !
it looks like the build did not complete successfully . run make again . it should try to resume from the point the build failed , whereupon it'll encounter the same error again . probably the error message will tell you what went wrong : possibly it is a problem with the software you need to build the source , or likely the way you have " modified " the build has caused the problem . if you can not work out yourself what the error message means , then our sister site stack overflow will be able to offer specific help if you tell them the message and your situation .
can you go to https://www.google.com/contacts/ and let us know if you see the contacts there ? thanks
visit each contact you wish to designate a favorite , and click the star icon till lit up . then visit the favorites list , and it is there . from the favorites list , click again to clear as a favorite . bing ; it is gone .
to favorite a contact : open Contacts app search for contact to favorite long-press on contact select Add to Favorites to remove from favorites , select Remove from Favorites for a favorite contact ( has a star ) .
as it seems you can access your device via adb , you should be able to remount /system read/write to repair that file , using adb remount  after that , you can copy the intact DroidSans.ttf to /system/fonts , overwriting the 0-byte-file . following a reboot , /system will be mounted read-only again , and everything should be working . in case that adb remount should fail with a " permission denied " , you might wish to read how to remount /system as read-write in android , which explains the manual remount process step-by-step . that would basically be : get a shell on the android device using either adb shell or a terminal app become root using su find out how and where /system is mounted , using mount | grep system mount /system read/write using the information obtained , e.g. mount -o rw,remount /dev/block/&lt;device&gt; /system ( make sure to use the device obtained in the previous step instead of /dev/block/&lt;device&gt; ) verify whether your remount was successful , again using mount | grep system now copy your DroidSans.ttf to /system/fonts either reboot , or simply remount /system read-only using the parameters obtained in step 3 , e.g. /dev/block/&lt;device&gt; /system ext4 rw,relatime,barrier=1,data=ordered 0 0 always make sure to use the device and parameters obtained from step 3 , or you might completely mess up .
update [ 2013-04-30 ] : i believe the reason i am still able to access ipv4 websites , is because of dns64+nat64 . the public ip address i am getting from http://myglobalip.com is the public ipv4 interface of the nat64 gateway . i think the answer to this question is : t-mobile uses some sort of transitional technology called 464xlat to provide ipv4 connectivity over an ipv6-only gsm wireless network . there is more information about 464xlat at this url : https://sites.google.com/site/tmoipv6/464xlat . ultimately , it does not seem possible to disable ipv4 functionality altogether . obviously , doing so would break a lot of applications from functioning properly , but i really wanted to do so entirely for testing purposes , to see what would and would not work . the part that confuses me is that the 464xlat rfc requires a " clat " daemon , which i do not believe exists on my stock galaxy nexus 4.2.2 jelly bean rom . with this in mind , i am not entirely sure what sort of configuration i am running . here is the 464xlat rfc . if i use an app called network info ii to view network interface information for rmnet0 on my galaxy nexus , i can see that i have only an ipv6 address configured . in fact , the app even has an ipv6 " tab " specifically designed for viewing ipv6 information . i cannot see any ipv4 information when i have selected ipv6 as the apn . more t-mobile ipv6 information can be found : t-mobile ipv6 is here and now top free apps on t-mobile ipv6-only network
go into settings -> apps and click all . then find voice dialer and disable it . that should disable the voice dialer app and google now should come up when you press the call button . if that does not work you can always reenable voice dialer .
i was searching for a fix to this exact problem and came across your post . i just found this . i remembered your thread and thought i would come back to share this with you . the guide says to : open bluetooth launch and scroll down to voice search . tap on it to expand it out , then select : com . google . android . voicesearch . recognitionactivity but i found it in " google search " and then selected " com . google . andoid . googlequicksearchbox . voicesearchactivity " i have got a galaxy nexus on jelly bean , which may explain the file tree differences . anyways , it works like a charm . good luck
i am not sure if this is true for other phones listed above , but for the galaxy note ii , i had to make sure s-voice was disabled ( it says voice dialer on the first post ) . also , if you have downloaded bluetooth launcher you probably already tried : " google search " and then selected " com . google . android . googlequicksearchbox . voicesearchactivity " and was still launching s-voice . once you disable s voice ( note the space ) go into Settings &gt; Application manager and scroll to the right to all . then find s voice and disable it . once you disable it and hit the button on the paired bluetooth device , you will get a " complete action using " dialog . resist the temptation to choose google search . i know it is the logical choice , however you will not get google now ; you will get a google voice dialer instead . so make sure you choose " bluetooth launch " and select always . now when you hit the bluetooth button , you should get google now . note this will only work for the bluetooth . i had to use a separate app ( home2 shortcut ) for the double tap on the the home button . go to the google play store , and download the home2 shortcut app open home2 shortcut choose " google voice search " choose the speed that you would like to double tap thee home button ( i left mine at normal ) choose " touchwiz home " for home application if you have the default launcher . if using something else chose that one ; in my case i was using nova launcher . scroll down to the close button and click it . double tap the home button . you should now get a " complete action using " dialog . choose home2 shortcut and select always . you are done ! fyi : i do not think it matters but i am rooted with a basic stock rom . again , these were the steps for me on a galaxy note ii ( sprint ) .
there is an alternate approach without root device . by using sdk tool to set install location as sd card , you can move most . it is a good middle of the round solution . see url - http://techgage.com/article/moving_your_non-movable_android_apps_to_an_sd_card/
as @cyborgz said , you have to first root the system . take a look at this question to see your device is listed . even if not , probably your device 's closest like htc hero for more information . once rooted you have to partition your sd card to create a sd-ext partition . see the question " sd card partitioning ? why ? how ? " to know how . then you can use apps like link2sd to move few user applications to sd card and create link of few user applications to the sd-ext partition . by this way you would have created loads of free memory in your device . if you still want to get more like moving youtube , gmail and maps , you can use link2sd to first convert them to user app ( from system app ) and move or link them ( most likely moving will not be permitted ) .
in order to access the system folder root access is required . all systems apps are available in /system/apps folder , if you have root access , just choose the required app and move it sd card with the help of file manager . if you would like to move your system data partition i.e. , system/data you can try this hope it helps . ps : please do a research before doing any thing in system folder , if you mess up , then i am not responsible ! ! !
you can get this information inside wpa_cli . open wpa_cli in wifi-direct interface and do a scan and scan_results as below . you will get small info about connected peer ( device address , channel , rssi etc ) . hope this works !
if you have linked a gmail account on your android , dont worry . . just follow these steps:- input the wrong pattern 3 or more times till " forgot password " button appears click on forgot password button and check your inbox
samsung has their own calendar in touchwiz , it is not the " stock " calendar . and from what i remember , you cant change the color of the calendars in the touchwiz calendar . i stopped using the touchwiz calendar and bought " business calendar " - there is a free version too that has ads and missing a couple features like " drag and drop " . it works great , and has a good home screen widget too . i used it as a replacement for the limited calendar in touchwiz , and now that i have a rom that has the " stock " calendar , i still use it .
well , the problem seemed to have gone away on its own after a few more synchronizations , so i guess the solution is to just wait a bit .
i read similar reports lately , related to titanium backup . . when it runs , it kills apps to back them up , causing the phone process to restart . if you are not running something similar , i would recommend using usb debugging and the sdk to capture log data . . known as " logcat " in the android world . oh -- here 's an easy way to capture and review log data on the device without the sdk -- is it feasible to disable the sim pin requirement to avoid the problem in the meantime ? could replace it with the android pattern lock to retain some security .
prerequesites : unlocked phone ( 'fastboot oem unlock ' command ) installed android sdk with accessible adb and fastboot executables ( both are part of the sdk ) cyanogenmod 7/9 or 10 image from get . cm ( or whatever rom you want ) nexus s cwm recovery image from clockworkmod . com steps : flash the cwm recovery image : switch off your nexus s , press volume up and power to enter fastboot mode command to flash : fastboot flash recovery recovery-clockwork-6.0.1.0-crespo.img boot to recovery ( e . g . via fastboot boot recovery-clockwork-6.0.1.0-crespo.img ) enter a shell into the running cwm : adb shell , from there mount a tmpfs file system ( used just for the update ) : mount -t tmpfs none /sdcard ( this circumvents the sdcard completely , you do not need to format anything ) push the rom image to the tmpfs ( adb push cm-10-20120827-NIGHTLY-crespo.zip /sdcard/ ) install this via cwm ( the regular way ) follow the remaining usual steps ( gapps , wipe , etc . )
do not you worry . liio batteries are not that concerned about that . what really lowers their life span are " complete discharges " , not frequent " trickle-charging " . it is even recommended to charge them as soon/often as possible ( and practicable , of course ) . see e.g. wikipedia : lithium ion batteries for details , and also take a look at our question does constant charging harm my android cellphone ? and its answers .
are you sure gt-s5300 supports android 4.1.2 ? according to sammobile , the latest version for gt-s5300 is 2.3.6 , and it was relased on august 2013 . maybe you are talking about jellyblast rom , which is a custom rom , and not a stock rom . coincidentally , jellyblast rom has version 4.1.1 .
you can not is the short answer . the emulator does not support bluetooth testing at all . see the google developers post on using the emulaor the important line is near the end : emulator limitations the functional limitations of the emulator include : no support for placing or receiving actual phone calls . you can simulate phone calls ( placed and received ) through the emulator console , however . no support for usb connections no support for device-attached headphones no support for determining network connected state no support for determining battery charge level and ac charging state no support for determining sd card insert/eject no support for bluetooth
the clue is in both the graphics gpu and the cpu for emulation . the adreno 200 gpu chipset and its related driver is old by today 's standards , plus the fact , that the older armv6 devices were more or less running kernel 2.6 . xx which did not have much adreno driver integration into kernel space . this was the key change in ice cream sandwich and later , which usually went hand-in-hand with the kernels 3 . x . x where the actual driver was loaded into that kernel space for adreno chipsets , which in turn , made the gpu drawing much smoother . there was attempts to backport those kernel features from 3 . x . x back into 2.6 . xx which was a nightmare for the armv6 so all sorts of hacks were put in place to give it , more or less , a " smooth " experience for the gpu and adreno at that point . plus the fact , that kernels 3 . x . x has dropped armv6 architecture support as well ! as for armv6 , well , it did the world good and is gathering dust . i did point out about a year or so ago , that armv6 cheap smartphones will be phased out in favour of single core armv7 in that category of cheap smartphones . nonetheless , emulation is indeed cpu heavy , no questions asked , as the emulator 's running code for such a game has to be " translated " or " interpreted " for the actual cpu that the emulator is running on . might be worth trying a better emulator , i did run pokemon on the gameboy emulator , this was found in the f-droid repository , and ran ok on the zte blade ( armv6 , 512mb ram , adreno 200 ) . the only snag with such emulators like that , is you need to find the emulator rom , really , a small file that simulates the equivalence of the bios for that said emulator . plus , it is hard to find for that matter as well due to copyright laws .
this only applies if you have root access , as bryan already pointed out in the comments . i would suggest using a utility such as titaniumbackup to completely back-up all your applications and your data . it will be stored on your sd card so that you can transfer its files to another device and restore the backups on there .
i had this problem and even sent my arc to a service centre for repair who said it is fine . i was about to send the battery in for examination when i noticed black marks on the gold contacts . i cleaned the contacts and it is never restarted since ( in around 7 months )
you need to update your phone to the latest firmware 4.0.2 . a . 0.62 . i bet yours is 4.0.2 . a . 0.58 if you can not update the phone over ota or pc suite , use wotan to update the phone to 4.0.2 . a . 0.62 . the reboot problem occurred on nearly all se xperia models .
in my case it did not seem to have anything to do with any software configuration or combination on my phone and was purely hardware related . this is not to say that in some cases the software you may or may not have on your device would be causing a memory leak / stack overflow and causing your device to reboot as a result . i could not , and would not , believe it , but after adding a small piece of paper between the battery and the phone under the back cover , my xperia arc has not rebooted for 3 weeks , whereas before it would reboot around twice a day . once again , thanks all for the suggestions and comments . i will continue to monitor my phone , but i do not foresee any future reboots . . . related to the battery anyway . . .
assuming you have adb access to your test device , you can issue the following command : adb shell pm uninstall PACKAGE where " package " is the package name of your launcher app ( you should know this since you are creating the app in the first place . ) [ edit ] as requested , re-posting my comment as the answer : every site for zte blade has instructions for accessing the fastboot mode via volume up + power button combination . eg : http://wiki.cyanogenmod.com/index.php?title=zte_blade:_full_update_guide give that a shot and see if you can access the phone via fastboot . exe ( should be in the [ android sdk ] /tools/ directory . ) at that point you can flash a different recovery image ( clockworkmod , amon-ra ) that will allow access to /data/app to delete your program .
are you sure you need tor for all youtube videos ? if you only need youtube access , then you should try alternative lower latency circumvention techniques , like alternative dns providers or a vpn . tor should be used when you are worried about your government even knowing what you watch , meaning countries like iran , china , syria , etc . case 1 . you care about speed and access , but not really privacy . you should first try bypassing your nation 's dns servers by simply setting a dns server outside the country . opennic and opendns are cool , albeit maybe slow . google has some faster ones . etc . all these options worked fine in turkey . if your country blocks more than dns then try using a vpn based outside your country , including free ones like vpnreactor . vpns are slower than simply bypassing a dns block , but almost any vpn should be faster than tor . or even a dedicated youtube proxy . case 2 . you care about privacy more than speed . use tor , preferably tor everything mode . there are security risks with using youtube 's flash app through tor , probably this specific issue does not impact youtube 's android app . yet , maybe tor 's " select apps " mode does not adequately handle the ndk , where youtube 's codecs probably live . if so , that is harder . try a browser maybe ?
my idea . . . if you dont see the file , try to use another one file manager what have the option " show hidden files " . ( sometimes it is impossible without root rule . . . ) and save the app to the sd card from the phone memory , then try to copy everything . after moving , try to re-copy everything . ( *server sync not exists ? *game support doesnt recommend anything for you ? )
short answer you did the right thing , and do not need to be afraid . that popup was most likely caused by some javascript on the visited web site to make you download/install something really bad . it does not mean you are infected . explanation there are a couple of things to consider . first , if the popup really said " you have a virus " , your reacting was fully correct ( and the popup bluntly lying ) : there are no viruses for android , at least not " in the wild " . i know , the term got mixed up , and when speaking about anti-virus people really mean " an app against all kind of malware " . but no serious av app would speak of " you have a virus " , as that is technically incorrect . mixing in your " fear " from the second paragraph here : exactly that is what matches a virus definition , and makes it different from all other kinds of malware : the ability to " multiply itself " . as you 100% sure have no " virus " on your device , no need to be afraid about that . for details on the above , please see e.g. wikipedia : the defining characteristic of viruses is that they are self-replicating computer programs which install themselves without the user 's consent . there you see why a virus is close to being impossible : on android , the user is always asked for his " consent " when something is installed . now for the last part : who should have caused that popup ? do you have any av app installed and active ? your question does not suggest such . so if you have no such app installed , who should have popped up that warning ? android does not do that . so the most likely candidate was a part of the site you have visited . that is rather so-called scareware trying to make you install something bad . believe me , you did the right thing  and would possibly have been in trouble if you had acted differently .
if you mean logged by your phone company then yes any calls that go over their network will be logged and billed to you . if the 3rd party app uses voip or something similar they will not log it as a call but then you also will not be billed for it except for the data charges . if you mean logged on your phone so you can check it in the call history then that depends on the application as it is possible for an app to edit your call history .
there is an application which does it pretty well . check out at https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.argotronic.touchblocker
summing up results from the in-comment-discussion : starting with android 4.1 , notifications can be disabled on a per-app basis : either by long-pressing a specific notification in the notification area , and navigating from there to the app which sent it -- or directly from the android settings in apps &rarr ; manage apps , and selecting the app you want to disable notifications for : here you will find the possibility to allow/forbid an app to place notifications in the notification area . this is valid generally and for all apps , starting with android 4.1 . as with the gmail app , some apps also offer this option themselves ( which then also works for android versions prior to 4.1 ) . you find it from inside the app , when visiting its settings page ( s ) . but as said , this will vary between apps -- not all apps offer this option .
the application apk will be stored in /data/app/ or system/app/ you can navigate there and rm . apk , then reboot
i guess this is irrelevant now as google have moved messenger to hangouts . hangouts does have message archiving . from the list of hangouts , select options in the top right corner . then select archived hangouts .
yes you can share your mobile data connection ( 3g and 2g ) using making your phone hotspot . in settings--> more --> tethering and portable hotspot --> portable wi-fi hotspot you can set your ssid , security and password in set up wifi hotspot now in another android device you can connect to this wifi hotspot .
off course in wi-fi hotspot that is what you do . quite obvious as the other person is already having a sim then why would you want a new sim to make it complicated you are indirectly sharing your 2g/3g ( should be 3g compatible and the service should be available in your area ) /4g ( in some countries ) through the wi-fi hotspot . in wi-fi hotspot first your switch on your mobile data then your wi-fi after which under your wi-fi settings u may have an option for wi-fi hotspot . using this your device will search for the available wi-fi networks and will notify you for the available wi-fi nearby . when you enter some code ( for secure reasons you may not want to share wi-fi with all the people around you so the phone asks for a pass code ) the other person should also enter the same code for receiving the data . after which you and your other person can have data connection on both phones . **note-**not all the devices support wi-fi hotspot . please refer you handset manual if the option is available or not
a true octa-core is basically a processor either with homogenous or heterogeneous multiprocessing architecture . the processor in the galaxy s4 ( exynos 5410 ) for example ( intl . edition ) has 8 cores based on the arm big . little architecture wherein 4 cores are slower with low-power and 4 are faster with relatively higher power consumption . under this scheme two possibilities are there : only homogenous multiprocessing , for example in galaxy s4 . this allows only 4 cores to run at a time out of a total of 8 . the processor can control which 4 run but all 8 cannot be utilized together . heterogeneous multiprocessing , for example in galaxy s5 . this allows all the 8 cores i.e. the low power as well as high power cores to run together effectively increasing the maximum achievable performance of the soc . mediatek 's processor is also based on homogenous multiprocessing but has 8 homogenous cores instead of 4+4 different ones . this allows these cores to operate in coalition with each other without the heterogeneous architecture . as far as fast or slow goes it depends on the flops which the processor can achieve . in this case , mediatek 's processor usually has a slower clock speed than qualcomm 's processor and a different architecture as well . thus it is impossible to make a direct comparison of two processor without either a benchmarking software or a datasheet , but in general qualcomm 's latest top of the line processors are better than mediatek 's and this is despite additional cores . one more reason which exists for this performance parity is that not all applications are built to utilize multiple cores i.e. parallel processing . if you want more information regarding the same , consider reading this wiki article on amdahl 's law .
google play will not let you do this . you can only have a few devices attached to each account at a time . this is to stop people abusing the facility of using paid content from any device on their account . if the app is an open-source one , or it is under your control , you should distribute it to all your devices through a different mechanism ( e . g . a custom app list on f-droid ) . otherwise , you should contact the developer of the app and ask to make a volume licensing deal . unless they are already dealing with enterprise customers , they will not be prepared for this situation , but i think most app developers will be willing to help you out for a reasonable bulk price .
i would reset the entire connection . delete it from your phone and then reconnect , reenter the password , an make sure it saves it . you could have the wrong password , it could just be something simple . if this does not help , make sure you have not turned your connections off , restart your phone . if that does not help , make sure your internet connection is up and going . call your service provider or unplug your router and make it reboot itself then check to see if your phone will pick it up again .
first check whether its just the wi-fi on your phone or the lan on your system . there are many possibilities with the wi-fi not working properly . either the key is not matched with the key you configured under your modem wi-fi password . signal might be weak . ( if signal&lt ; =10% then some devices wi-fi connection is disabled to save power ) in-appropriate configuration of your modem due to which although the connection might be established you might not be able to browse thereby showing no internet connection . for this reason wi-fi is termed to have very least preference because of heavy loss of data during the transmission or disturbance . solution:- if you signal is weak try to get more strength by getting near to you wi-fi or having an external hardware that could boost your signal strength . if the key is not matched then you need to enter the appropriate the password as set by you . if the connection is not configured then you need to check your manual and configure the wi-fi settings properly and click forget on your old wi-fi network to re-configure the network on your device .
try changing settings to static ip address . here is a video where you will find out how to do it in ics 4.0
it really depends on which os you want to run . regardless , whenever you want to run a os meant for computers ( x86 architecture ) on a mobile device ( arm architecture ) a fair amount of time and processing power is needed to convert instructions from one format to other . i am not sure if there is a one stop solution like vmware on android like that can run both *nix and windows os 's . you can try the app windows , linux , unix emulator but i am not sure how far it will be successful .
manually searching for networks for your indian carrier under settinga> more> mobile networks should register your sim with your network .
for now there is not , unless an add-ons for whatsapp will enable this or they built it in themselves . it is comparable to facebook , user set their own avatar and this can be seen by friends . this works unlike your contact list in which you control the content and other users have no say in adjusting the content .
ln only takes 2 arguments at most ( not counting options ) , the . . /* wildcard however expands to all filenames in the folder . just do place an echo before ln to see what happens . do it one by one this way : cd /data/sdext2/app for i in * ; do ln -s /data/sdext2/app/"$i " /data/app/ ; done or for i in /data/sdext2/app/* ; do ln -s "$i " /data/app/$ ( basename "$i" ) ; done edit ok , this is how it works on my device : me@workstation:~$ adb shell shell@android:/ $ id uid=2000 ( shell ) gid=2000 ( shell ) groups=1003 ( graphics ) , 1004 ( input ) , 1007 ( log ) , [ . . . ] shell@android:/ $ su shell@android:/ # id uid=0 ( root ) gid=0 ( root ) groups=1003 ( graphics ) , 1004 ( input ) , 1007 ( log ) , [ . . . ] shell@android:/ # cd /data/ shell@android:/data # ln -s /data/sdext2/app/banana . app /data/app/cucumber . app shell@android:/data # ls -l /data/app/cucumber . app lrwxrwxrwx root root 2012-11-06 22:30 /data/app/cucumber . app -> /data/sdext2/app/banana . app
i do not know why and how but in one case i solved this problem using wifix manager app . just installed it and wifi started to work normally . hope this helps anyone . http://www.fardjad.com/android/wifix/
problem is with your phone and not router . your phones software keeps assigning new mac addresses every time you turn your wifi on . if you are using mac address filtering then it will need a static address .
i had the same problem ; this is what worked for me : from the phone clear the app cache ( i used app2sd ) restart phone restart computer start kies connect phone to computer run restore again done .
disable usb debugging in settings> applications> development and select samsung kies in settings> wireless and network> usb settings and try connecting the device again
you can not remove it from the stock launcher , it is a permanent fixture . you can , however , install a custom launcher which is based on the stock one like apex launcher or nova launcher . you can also disable the google search app completely if you want to , but then you will not be able to use it at all ( also discussed on google groups ) .
you cant sync addons or settings between the pc and android due to differences in the platform . the only things which can be synced are bookmarks , passwords , history and even open tabs . firefox 11 's addon sync works only between the pc versions
on moto g the stock messaging app is an integral part of the system , and should not be disabled even if you install other sms apps . if you manage to disable it , other 3rd-party sms apps ( like textra sms in your case ) will start crashing again . instead , you can disable the notifications inside the messaging app by going to menu -> settings , and un-checking the " notifications " option :
you can install google apps any time you want . you can download a gapps package from here ( pick the one corresponding to your cyanogenmod version ) . then flash it like you did for cm10 ( no need to wipe anything ) .
it is the kernel , not just the mount command , that determines what filesystems are supported by your device . to add support for filesystems your device does not already , you need to find the kernel sources and config for your device , reconfigure the kernel to enable the filesystem you want , build a new boot . img , and flash it to your device . since that is essentially how to port and build a custom rom , the exact details of how to do this are well beyond the scope of this site . you might be able to find a custom rom for your device that already supports the filesystem you want : see where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ? for more information on how to find custom roms . btw , it seems quite unlikely that your device only supports fat . since android is linux-based , it is more usual to use a filesystem like ext3 for the internal filesystems , and only fat for the sd card . but since you did not tell us what device you have , i can not say for sure .
basically , it tricks the android os by using symbolic links and a large file formatted as ext2 , rather than partitioning or formatting your device storage . in this way it is very safe . i have used it several times on several roms on my galaxy s with no problems .
settings > applications > development > stay awake
i use google voice for all sms communication but i do not use it for outgoing calls unless i am calling canada or something . i do not like the delay of " double calling " where google voice calls a local number and then calls the number you want to call from there . i can not turn sms off with my carrier and that is okay because most people get it when i respond to there text from my gv number . to me , the best feature of gv is how it also sends the message to my email account and i can write responses in email that go to their sms number .
yes ! i use google voice for texting . it is great . notifications are reliable , there have been no delays in receiving messages ( or others receiving mine ) , and of course you can access it from your computer as well . super handy , and no sms charge . as for voice calls , i also used to use it for that . the app manages everything nicely for outgoing calls -- you can set it to make every call " from " ( show up as ) your google voice number . and you can set it up to forward all calls to it to your " real " number -- so no one needs to know it except google and you can give everyone your gvoice number . plus , every call to the u.s. and canada only uses your local minutes ( or charges you a local rate if you do not have a plan ) . note : you can not receive texts from services such as facebook that actually email you via [ yournumber ] @ [ yourcarrier ] . com or something similar , you cannot text short codes such as fbook ( 32665 ) , and you can not send mms messages ( but that is what email 's for amirite ? ) .
if you have the red led and the device will not charge from the wall , using the original charger , then it is faulty . send it back for a replacement .
if lenovo did not change the stock messaging app : open Messaging and press the Menu in the down-right corner and choose Settings . scroll down to the Notifications section and uncheck Notifications .
another possibility is llama . it is similar to tasker and locale , but free . i do not know what other differences there are as llama is the only one i have tried so far .
check out settings profile - http://www.probeez.com/ . i bought both and i prefer settings profile ( it is also cheaper @ $3.95 ) . there is also a free version that only allows one active rule at a time . setting up the profiles in sp is more intuitive ( to me ) . the notification bar displays the active profile ( s ) and that interface allows you to easily change to a new profile . sp contains a few settings for free that locale does not ( i.e. . airplane mode , dock mode ) . there are plugins for locale ( $1.99 ) that can handle this - not sure if there are any free plugins . i would recommend trying out the free version to see how setting up profiles work , in general .
cyanogenmod 9 can do this . i think cm 7 also had this feature . unlike the other solutions , you had have to switch the profiles manually . the upside is that it integrates into the os more nicely .
check out locale . it is not the cheapest app , but it is very well made and will allow you to do this . it switches to profiles automatically based on certain conditions too . for example , when it detects that you are at home it can automatically switch to your bluetooth/wi-fi profile and turn off the mobile network .
http://tasker.dinglisch.net/ tasker is a bit complicated but it is insanely powerful . check it out
call support . they are really helpful . to the swedish support it is +46-1-324-4500 .
rom manager will auto-load the list of available roms , yes . you will still have to look in that list and see whether cm is there .
i9000 does not have an official rom , so i am assuming you are using a custom rom like cm10 . stock players from touchwiz are rarely availble , and for the most part do not work flawlessly on aosp based roms . try winamp and mplayer as alternatives , they work on any roms so you can move freely between roms too .
there is a way to do it but it is way more complicated than borrowing a sim card . the sim card does not even have to be activated ( have service ) . . . just have different mcc/mnc from your carrier . to do it the " hard " way you would need to : find , download , install drivers for qualcomm diag interface find , download , install qxdm find how to switch your phone into the diag mode ( diag interface does not enumerate in normal mode ) find the qxdm command to query the subsidy lock status find how to interpret the result you would get come back and post the detailed solution
yes , i tries superoneclick and it worked for my lg l35g aka lg optimus logic ( net 10 ) .
use dropbear instead . apt-get install dropbear i cannot find any way to avoid chroot error , so i suggest you another ssh server . it works well . :- )
please do : su ln -s /system/bin/busybox /system/xbin/ash  you are getting that error because there is no shell for user root to use .
i had a very similar issue with cyanogenmod , i however broke my phone and got another , i was thinking it was thinking it was and htc problem at first , but with the standard os it is working perfectly . i have heard people could get it working by not syncing the address book , however that did not work for me .
this issue is very likely due to the way the ford sync system does an initial media connection to the phone . when it connects to the phone , ford sync appears to immediately send a " play " command ( similar to what a headset play button would do ) to the phone . the problem arises when you have more than one app installed that is capable of listening for these bluetooth play events . the os gets confused and disconnects from ford sync . if you have multiple media players installed ( including podcast aggregators ) , try removing them and re-installing them one by one . try ford sync after you install each one .
i have built an app myself ! this is the best i could do : it does not detect time connection , but shuts the device down after a delay . delayed shutdown
my data manager app displays what you need . check out its data pie ( left-to-right swipe ) and make sure time button is pressed .
go launcher will address a couple of the items you mentioned in the comment to your question . the aesthetics are superior , displaying an " iphone style " in which it shows a preview of the icons inside of it . you can also control the behavior of the folder after launching an app , such as whether or not the folder stays open . i believe you can arrange the icons in any order inside the folder - this screenshot seems to indicate that you can .
the only interactions presently supported by app widgets on the home screen are simple click events . so the answer to your question is no , drag and drop is not available with widgets . the reason the native folders can do this is because they are just part of the launcher activity so can be programmed to do more complex things than the widgets can
uncheck the " notify once " option in your gmail account settings and you should get a notification for every new message . ( specifically : Menu -&gt; More -&gt; Settings -&gt; Notify Once ) edit : apparently older versions of gmail do not have this option , in which case you would actually need to try a third-party app such as gmail notifier .
thought of using tasker ? i use it the other way . when ever i plugin my headphones , all volumes should come down irrespective of what ever value it was before . i use tasker to detect inserting the head phones and used an entry task to being down the volumes . i could not succeed sorting the volume levels before bringing it down so that i can restore them back in an exit task . hence i restore them to a predetermined levels in the exit task .
i imagine you want it to flash when it is trying to notify you about an even ( a new email , for example , or that your device needs charging ) and that the problem is you are not sure what it is trying to tell you ! rather than stop it telling you about an event , which might mean you missing something important , perhaps you can explore the possible reasons it could be flashing and take the appropriate action ( mark the email as read , charge the tablet etc ) ?
perhaps the app notification light widget will help you . it gives you a widget to manually enable/disable the light . can not get a lot simpler than that ! note that tweaking the notification led is often a hit-or-miss operation with some devices . there is no promise that it'll work perfectly . give it a shot and let us know how it goes !
there is no way to do this but you can take screenshots of the chat and save it like that . there are a lot of screenshot apps on the market , some require root though .
there is currently no way to do this . maybe suggest it on the google forums ?
do not mix things here . from your posts it looks like you have entered your sims pin to often and need now to enter your puc/puk . this has nothing do to with your androids phone lock . in germany it is common practice to receive the puk together with the sim card . if you have no puk you can only ask your sim provider for the puk or a new sim . i am not aware of any other method to unblock a blocked sim .
you have misunderstood your operator . there is no such thing as jacket for the phone . either you misinterpreted the support guy , or he is just incompetent person . if you have locked your phone you have two options : official phone manufacturer representative can help you with resetting the phone to the factory state . if you do not want to mess with official support ( sometimes it is a waste of time ) , you can try to unlock your phone manually using just usb cable and commercial software tool ( davinci , for example - i have used they service couple of times ) . if this will fail you can always fall back to the option one . please note , however - trying to unlock your phone manually you can lose your warranty .
if you got airdroid working you can use your pc screen . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.sand.airdroid you can get the app installed through google play online . is your screen broken meaning you cant see it , or it also doesnt accept input ?
you can right click by using 2 fingers at once . this is the same for microsoft 's rd client app for android as well .
the only things i know of are turning off images , javascript and plugins . you probably do not want to do all that but setting plugins to " on demand " is quite useful -- pages with flash ads and such will not waste your data or battery in addition to demanding less from your phone , and it is just one click to allow a particular object to run if you want to watch an embedded video or something .
you should try a factory reset before trying to reflash the phone . afaik you need to unlock the bootloader ( voiding your warranty ) to flash a rom , even on the nexus s . instructions : turn the power off . if your nexus s is frozen , pull the battery out and reinsert it hold the volume down button press and release the power button you are now presented with a menu that allows for fastbook , recovery , clear storage , and simlock select clear storage by pressing the volume down button press and release the power button now simply confirm your decision : volume up for yes and volume down for no
my friend had a similar problem , he went into the verizon store and they just flat out gave him a new card , it took like 5 minutes . we were actually out of there so quickly he forgot to thank the lady behind the desk . his card was completely corrupted and he lost all of his files and such . your card seems to be partially corrupted or not corrupted at all . what i would do is copy all of the files from the sd card onto a backup drive and then flash a new sd card with your old sd card files . if the card still does not work : at this point it almost has to be the files on the actual sd card . i would a couple files onto the sd card at a time until you find the corrupted file ( s ) . then you should delete the corrupted files , there is not much you can do to restore them . if you have a mac , i am a fan of DiskUtil , it works really well even for fixing sd cards . i am sure there is a similiar tool for windows or ubuntu . hope this helped !
if i were you i would whip that thing out of your phone , pop it in an sd card reader connected to a laptop/desktop , backup the card , then erase and format it fully using the sd card formatting tool ( v4 ) from the sd association and then test it thoroughly with h2testw 1.4 assuming you have a computer with windows . there is an article which talks a bit about testing sd cards here . i think there is another tool called f3 that can do something similar on a mac if you have got one of those . if you run into any errors along the way then you have probably got a dodgy card . if not then maybe you have got a compatibility problem with that card and your phone and i would go with a slower card , and possibly a smaller one . best of luck !
as the op did not add the solution as an answer himself . . . op found the answer to the issue himself , strange as it might sound : noticed that the device date and time is not correct . corrected it and it worked . on a second thought , this is a very plausible reason , considering the questions hint about except for ssl sites : if the local date is too far in the past , ssl certificates are " not yet valid " -- and if it is too far in the future , they are " no longer valid " . in both cases , establishing a secured connection must fail .
are you talking about the backside speakers ? suddenly mine was not working too ( the front one still did though ) and i just rebooted my phone :p and it worked again . maybe you should try that . : )
i had a similar issue with my wife 's galaxy nexus . no sound through the built-in speaker in regular call mode . the other party could hear her , so the microphone was ok . the speaker worked in loudspeaker mode , but not regular . headphones also worked properly . what fixed it was removing the battery and leaving it off for 5 minutes before re-installing and rebooting . i would tried numerous reboots previously and they did not help , nor did a quick battery removal and replacement .
if that does not work , i have written an app to help with these issues . it is called soundabout .
i just saw this googling around , maybe it could be of help to you : okay , i had the exact same problem . my speaker suddenly stopped working even though the ear phone plugin was still working good . i also found that sometime the sound came back but it is very weak , barely audible . and then it would disappear again . what i did to fix the problem is to open up the n1 , disassemble instruction is on youtube . open the the 3 screws to remove the board with the attached speaker from the main board . clean up the speaker attachment surface really good . then reassemble the backboard and its speaker together . then the sound came back loud and strong . my guess is that the contact of the speaker could get dirty and limit the electric supply to the speaker hence it did not work properly . by cleaning the surface i helped to get the current going again and the sound came back . hope that this could help someone since this problem had driven me insane for a while . i found this on the following website : http://www.nexusoneforum.net/forum/nexus-s-general-discussion/12468-external-speaker-not-working.html . cheers , and i hope this helps .
you should be able to get unlocked version , but most likely only from online stores just like handtec ( if admin feel this can be advertising please remove link )
firstly and most important , the credits : i made this following this great tutorial at xda-developers by user metalgearhathaway: http://forum.xda-developers.com/galaxy-s2/development-derivatives/mod-partition-internal-memory-app-t2538947 i used PIT files ( i will explain what they are , do not worry ) made from user ElGamal from xda also , located at the same thread as above , at page 51 , comment number 509 ( i can not post the link because i need more reputation , will edit it later to add it ) . and a little bit of help from user CrackDaddy , also from xda . second , what you will need : a machine running windows . i used windows 7 ultimate 64-bits ; odin 3.07 . careful when installing , it is full of optional adwares . there is also a linux and mac version available called jodin3 , but i did not try it ; flashable clockworkmod 6 for galaxy s ii ( it is a .tar file with a file named zImage inside ) ; PIT file with desired partition table configuration ; samsung drivers for galaxy s2 . usually you can install samsung kies but there is also a installer just with drivers available ; your original stock unrooted samsung jellybean firmware . you can find it at sammobile dot com ( reputation problem again ; d ) ; any rom of your choice . i highly recommend the last nightly build of cyanogenmod 11 ; optionally : gapps 20140606 . i made most of those available in the following bundle file : https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/18425469/bundle-resize-system.zip what is missing is gapps , cyanogenmod , and a stock samsung jellybean rom ( as it depends of country and carrier , and might not be legal to provide it here ) . third , the default warning : i am not responsible for anything that might go wrong with your device , neither any of the mentioned users nor anyone here at stack overflow or xda-developers . this procedure will root your phone if it is not already and also void your warranty if it is not already . if anything goes wrong , do not panic , it is most likely fixable by reflashing the stock rom and starting over again . finally , how to : this will only work with the 16gb international version ( gt-i9100 ) of samsung galaxy s ii firstly , copy cyanogenmod 11 .zip file ( or your desired rom ) and optionally gapps .zip file to your external sd card ; make a backup of everything inside your internal storage , copy it to your computer or somewhere else . it will be completelly erased . do not worry about your external sd card , it will not be touched . make a nand backup of your current rom , you will be able to restore it after the repartition . to do it , you must have clockworkmod recovery installed , then boot your phone into recovery mode ( Volume UP + Home + Power ) , select backups and restore , then backup to /storage/sdcard1 ; when backup finishes , reboot your phone into download mode ( Volume DOWN + Home + Power ) and connect your phone to the computer . let windows install the drivers . if it fails , try to install samsung kies or just the drivers provided in the bundle i made available , and try again . open odin3 as administrator and connect the phone . it should detect your phone and show it under the label ID:COM , and also in the Message . if it did not , try to restart your computer , phone , reinstall drivers , check your usb cable , etc . , and try again . now you will need to choose a PIT file . PIT means Partition Information Table and it is a samsung-only thing . in the bundle file , i made available ElGamal 's PIT file ( I91001GB_6GB.pit ) which also resizes /system partition to 1gb , /data to 6gb and the rest goes to internal storage . if you wish different sizes , check the thread at xda-developers as he made many different versions available . i also included a pit file for the default configuration ( I9100_2GB-STOCK.pit ) if you wish to go back to as it was later . when you have chosen your PIT file , go to odin and tick the following checkboxes : Re-Partition , Auto Reboot and F. Reset Time . in the Re-Partition section , click on the PIT button and select your chosen PIT file . in the Files (Download) section , click on the AP button and select samsung 's stock jellybean rom . double check everything and click Start . this can take a while , go grab a coffee . after everything finishes , your phone will reboot into the stock samsung jellybean rom . two things can happen now , or it will work normally and if so you can use it and check if everything is as you want . or it can ask you for a password to access the " encrypted volume " , which is nothing but your internal storage that is not formatted . in both ways , unplug your phone ( it it is still plugged ) and reboot it into download mode again . it is interesting to close and reopen odin3 to reset the settings . plug your phone again and wait until odin3 detects it . this time , leave checked just Auto Reboot and F. Reset Time and make sure Re-Partition is not checked . click on AP button and select the clockworkmod recovery .tar file , then click Start . this one is faster , but if you feel sleepy , go for another coffee ; ) when it finishes , you should have clockworkmod recovery 6 installed in your phone , so go ahead and reboot into recovery mode . go to mounts and storage , select format /storage/sdcard0 and format it as exfat ( if for some reason you have write problems in your internal storage later , come back here and select another format until it works , but exfat should do the trick ) . when it finishes , still in recovery mode , Wipe data/factory reset , Wipe cache and Wipe Dalvik cache . let 's be sure nothing remains from the previous roms . now , install zip -> choose zip from /storage/sdcard1 and select the cyanogenmod 11 .zip file ( or of your desired rom ) and flash it . optionally also flash gapps afterwards . reboot your phone and check if everything is right . if everything is right , reboot your phone into recovery mode again , do a new wipe data/factory reset , wipe cache and wipe Dalvik cache , and then recover your backed up rom from the beginning . reboot your phone . check again if everything works right . a few apps might need to be reinstalled ( spotify and waze are examples ) to work correctly again , but that is be only major issue . hope everything goes well .
as you do not specify , i assume your office laptop is running windows . in this case you might want to take a look at the myphoneexplorer client app for your sgs , and its desktop pendant for your laptop . as far as i know ( i am not a windows user ) , this should be the best and complete solution -- not only caring for your calendar with thunderbird and others , but doing a lot more useful things to manage your device . if you do not care for those extras , you might rather take a look at birdiesync for thunderbird ( or simply search the playstore for thunderbird ) .
have you considered using the google calendar ? as far as i know you can sync the samsung s iii and the thunderbird lightning calendar with the google calendar . samsung siii : http://www.samsunggalaxys3forum.com/forum/samsung-galaxy-s3-help/1278-samsung-s3-s-calendar-not-syncing-google-calendar.html lightning : http://www.vikitech.com/7955/sync-google-yahoo-windows-live-calendars-thunderbirds-lightning
android uses a so-called media scanner to index your media files ( this also applies to your images and videos ) . this media scanner ships with the system , and fires automatically on certain system events -- such as after boot , or when you insert your sd-card . it does , however , not react on a simple " file-drop " via network . for such cases , it might need a little help to get to know it has to act : rescan media rescan sd card ! are two free example apps from the playstore which do exactly that : trigger the media scanner . once the media scanner has indexed your new files , they will immediately show up in the corresponding apps such as the gallery ( for images/videos ) or your music player .
copy the files as before but use a music player from the play store . i would suggest a player that supports folder based play so it does not force you to sort your music by album/artist , which can be a pain if your music is not tagged properly . i will not suggest you a particular music player because i do not want to turn this question in to a favorite music player discussion . if you really have trouble finding one , post a comment here for a suggestion .
i usually put all my songs into a folder and zip it into a smaller archive with an easy short name . something like mp3files . zip move that folder ( or a copy of it ) to /android-sdk/platform-tools/ plug the nexus in with a good usb cable and go to settings/developer options set to " usb debug enabled " next i use # . /adb push home/android-sdk/platform-tools/mp3files . zip /sdcard/music important to notice one space between path to file and path to destination also make sure your capitalization is correct while . /adb is moving your files you wont get any feedback that anything is happening until its finished so be calm and find something else to do i also use the vlc for android beta media player availible from the vlc developers forum--it works perfectly its still a beta . but its not so much a hiccuped ever for me and plays whatever i throw at it ( im not associated with the project in any way i just am passing along some info i have found )
my main use of android mp3 files is to listen to podcasts . my workflow is as follows : use google reader to subscribe to and browse podcast feeds . the mp3 files are linked in each feed , so the ones i decide to listen to get downloaded to my computer . i use downthemall for downloading , because it is good at this kind of download and because it preserves modification times on files it downloads . however , i am moving away from firefox , so i am now looking for a similar plugin for chrome . periodically plug my phone into a usb port on my computer ( use usb3 if you have it , absurdly fast ) , causing the sd card to be mounted as a removable disk . there is a directory , listen that contains all my podcasts . since i listen to them in the order of the modification times , i sort the directory listing by mod times and delete all the ones i have listened to . i move all of my new downloaded files into the listen directory on my phone . i tell windows explorer to " eject " the removable drive ( this ensures that all file writes are completed ) and unplug the phone . i plug in my headphones and run mortplayer audio books . although not specifically designed for my use case , it has some features i need : the ability to be pointed at any directory i want . the ability to automatically sort my files by modification time . the ability to automatically remember where i left off . obviously , the way i listen to mp3 files is different from the way most other people do , so you will need to figure out your own workflow . in particular , you will probably want a different audio player program . but judging from your prescribed needs , you want one that lets you just copy files directly into an sdcard directory . most do . ideally , one could use bluetooth to copy files . i have tried that , but have found that bluetooth copying software is slow , a pain to use , and does not preserve file mod times .
it sounds like the sd card in your phone has some filesystem corruption . this can make the media scanner hang , can interfere with the camera , and can cause lost files . to check , and to fix it , try putting the sd card in a card reader attached to your pc , and using the disk check functionality there ( e . g . fsck on linux ) .
there is no option to save more messages locally , and there is no good excuse for why you can not . the user can only load older emails on demand . this is done for one reason : to make you more dependent on online connectivity , so that more people will need to subscribe to mobile data . this supports google 's goal of having everyone connected to the " cloud " and using their services . it is not done to save battery ; in fact less battery would be consumed if the messages were only transfered once over the radio and stored on the huge sd card that all android phones have . also , the faster access would reduce the screen-on time since you would see your older messages right away . it is also not done to save cpu or memory , since storage to the sd card would be easier on both .
the stock email application and many other i have tested present a list of 25 emails per page . the user can however load older emails on demand . this is done due to two main reasons : to prevent large transfers of data that end up using the device communication thus leading to a faster battery drain ; to preserve memory consumption that in turn would leave your device slow and inefficient . i have not found any option on all the applications i have tested that allows the user to define how much emails should be presented each time . i did find that the gmail app auto-loads a new emails list when we reach the scroll limit , thus kinda facilitating the users trouble , but even with this scenario , the user needs to scroll all the way down to get the new list , and yet again , the gmail app like the others , does not have a setting to define the number of emails to be loaded each time . essentially , this is a status-by-design conception used by android and app developers . you may come across with an app that allows you to go around this issue , unlikely it may be , but for the stock app , the reason as to why it loads only 25 emails at a time are the ones explained that sum up as performance issues .
if radio waves use battery and not saving the mails on the device causes the devices to download them again and again , at what time does downloading them 15 times use less battery than downloading them once ? now , think of the poor souls who have no good dataplan , fun , do not you think ? excatly . so , while i do not like conspiracy theories , this is just plain silly , sorry , there is absolutely no valid excuse i can think of to keep it this way . i can save 1000 's of emails on other non-android arm devices and get pretty good performance ( bb10 , iphone ) . the other thing is , when i delete a mail on blackberry/iphone , it deletes it on the server ( well , it is a setting ) wheras on android , it deletes it on the device only - i guess this has to do with this limitation as well - guess what , this is bad , too . and , finally , this k-9 alternative is not doing it for me . i cannot get it to connect to the imap server , it validates the password , but says ' cannot connect ' ( in french ) . now , i have set up imap mail servers on unix so i know what i am talking about , it appears to have some problem with the encryption , from what i could see - the same settings work in the stock android app . anyway , if you like to use email on a mobile device , bb10 is what you need , imho - android 's not even in the same league .
i have had similar problems with mine - and i heard that it is a design fault in this particular model . it is incredibly inconvenient . i am returning mine to the supplier , as mine constantly drops the wifi signal , which is just no good at all . i will be claiming a replacement or full repair in terms of the sales of goods act 1979 which states that the goods must be fit for purpose ( which mine is not ) and free from minor defects ( which mine is not ) . this is in terms of trading standards duty of care legislation . hope that helps .
you should be able to use the latest cwm or twrp custom recovery with your device . source : install android 4.4 kitkat on galaxy tab 2 7.0 using cm11 custom build update #1: xda has a thread for custom recoveries for the p3110 . it says that only cwm supports kitkat for that tablet .
it could be your number being " blacklisted " on your wife 's phone . there are a lot of apps on the playstore offering this feature , and some android versions can do so on their own ( just configure the contact in your contacts list correspondingly ) . so here 's what you could do : check with your sim card placed in some other phone ( if that option exists ; at least here in europe we can move the sim card around ) . your call should be still blocked/routed to voicemail then , so you know the issue is not with your phone ( e . g . dialing some prefix/postfix ) check your wife 's phone for installed apps like advanced call blocker etc . check your wife 's phonebook ( errm , or let her check ; ) for your record there and see whether it is blacklisted . if unsure , just delete it temporarily , then call her again . at least cyanogenmod lets you manage a separate blacklist . with cm , it is found in the call settings . check whether your number made it into this place . if the problem still exists , repeat step 1 . with your wife 's phone ( again , if possible ) my guess is either 2 . , 3 . , or 4 . will reveal the cause .
you can use root browser or es file explorer . however , you need a rooted device to access root directory .
update to maps 6.9.0 ( released 2012-06-27 ) or later if you not already have done so . google added the feature one you wanted : what is in this version : * save maps for use offline besides this : cached tiles for google maps are saved to the sd card . to also answer your exact question ( for users that cannot upgrade ) : use android 's provided ' move to sdcard ' mechanism or install some 3rd party apps to do it ( link2sd , app2sd skripts , most need a custom rom however ) . if all above is not an option and you like to do it manually : prerequisites : root access know which directory you want to move be sure that directory does not contain executables awareness : /sdcard/ is world-readable and many apps can write to it . you might not want to expose sensitive data to other apps be sure the app is not running . if something breaks , you might fix it by clearing the appdata the app might break if sdcard is not accessible ( e . g . phone plugged into pc ) a . you need to find the package name of your desired app ( just reverse the steps here , aka go to the google play website of the app and see the package name in the browser 's url , for maps it is ' com . google . android . apps . maps' ) . the location for the app 's internal data is then : /data/data/ [ pkg_name ] b . find the big subdirectory that you want to move , use a terminal emulator or adb shell access to execute something like this on the device : <code> me@workstation:~$ adb shell root@android:/ # cd /data/data/com . google . android . apps . maps root@android:/data/data/com . google . android . apps . maps # du -sh * 8.5k app_sslcache 9.0k cache 55.0k databases 52.0k files 2.0k lib 2.5k shared_prefs </code> c . move and symlink <code> mkdir -p /sdcard/android/data/ [ pkg_name ] /linked mv /data/data/ [ pkg_name ] / [ big_dir ] /sdcard/android/data/ [ pkg_name ] /linked/ [ big_dir ] ln -s /sdcard/android/data/ [ pkg_name ] /linked/ [ big_dir ] /data/data/ [ pkg_name ] / [ big_dir ] </code>
i do not think there is any way to stop the google plus from auto uploading video if you have instant upload turn on . the work around i can think off is to use a file manager like " astro " to move all your video file from /dcim/camera folder to a different folder in your sdcard . i believe google plus will ignore the folder outside of /dcim/ edit : re-read your post , looks like you were uploading video from your pc to your phone which you probably just placing those under some folder in sdcard . you can try this app studiokuma . nomedia manager and set the folder that contains video with . nomedia and perhaps the entire folder will be ignore by google+
i downloaded the epub reader freebie from the play store . i connected my phone to my computer via usb and then dragged my epub book to my motoluxe . then i opened the epub reader and clicked on the small green + sign on the top of the page . that allowed me to add the book that i had stored in my ebooks folder ( i think that particular folder " appeared " when i installed the epub reader . then i read it using that reader . i am just learning to use this phone so am not sure whether that folder ( directory ? ) existed before i downloaded the freebie reader . ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.graphilos.epub )
yes . dropbox ( or box or any other cloud storage service ) would be one feasible solution . another way would be to use airdroid . it allows you to copy content to your phone via your laptop browser . the added advantages are : you can send messages from your laptop in case your phone is lost , you can delete all data remotely .
i would recommend using pushbullet for easy and convenient file sharing across devices ( among many other interesting features ) and then google 's own quickoffice does the job for pdf files . as for ebooks , i would recommend uploading your files straight into google play books ( easily accessible from the google play store site ) and using the official android app to read them . it is not the most feature rich , but it does the job well and few others can beat the ease of use and ability to access your books across devices .
if you need an app to read ebooks , i would suggest tap2speak reader . it does not have as many features as those popular ones , but is sufficient for your situation . in addition , it can use google translate to speak more than 50 languages . it saves you much time from finding a " usable " text-to-speech engine .
use usb cable and set your android phone as usb mass storage device , also you can send pdf as e-mail attachment , or use google drive , dropbox , skydrive cloud services etc . other detailed information i found at http://www.file-extensions.org/pdf-file-extension
use google drive to share your files between devices
you can use an app like adobe reader or office suite pro to view the .pdf files in your device . there is a free version as well for the office suite . you can simply transfer the files to your device via usb .
easiest way i use is installing a good ebook reader which simply accesses files you place in its directory ( in my case , moon+ reader in its payed version , currently 50% off its price ) . then i can easily transfer my reading material ( moon+ supports a bunch of formats , including pdf , epub , mobi , fb2 and many more ) either . . . via cardreader via usb ( when connected ) wirelessly ( e . g . using a sync app like foldersync , or a network file manager like es file explorer , or a remote management tool like airdroid ) via dropbox is also available according to the description ( never tried , have no dropbox account ) you even can highlight and annotate ( with pdfs , this goes directly into the pdf file ; for other formats it is stored separately ) , integrate dictionaries like colordict , and much more .
i use es file explorer to put my pdfs on my google drive ( works well with skydrive and dropbox and several other cloud platforms or you can sync over a network ) and just open them with polaris office or kindle on my tablet .
there must be a " share " option , which you can use to send via Bluetooth , Whatsapp , Wifi direct etc . .
as for galaxy nexus 2 , one must use a third party application to transfer files via bluetooth , since it basically does not have a file manager and a third party file manager like astro do not let you transfer files via bluetooth .
rephrasing your question to something more constructive : google has not developed such a suite as good as the nokia suite that would almost 100% allow us to use most of our phones ' basic functions on our pc . are there any alternative ways available to fill this gap ? in this case : yes , there are good answers available . the market playstore is full of apps offering similar functionalities . for windows users , the closest solution probably is myphoneexplorer . together with its pc component , it offers almost all capabilities you find in your mentioned pc suites : sync your phone with outlook , thunderbird , sunbird , lotus notes , tobit david , windows contacts , windows calendar , . . . manage your sms , calllists , apps , files , handle calls , create backups . . . connection via wifi , usb-cable or bluetooth . other solutions include e.g. airdroid , which allows you to manage your android device from your pcs browser : there is a video guide available on youtube to show you this apps capabilities , which are quite amazing . i could continue this list with a lot of apps , but that is not the intention of this site . having given you the idea of for what to look and where should get you started filling your gap -- from here on , i guess , you can continue on your own ; )
google unlike samsung and nokia and such is a service company that wants to bind you to its cloud ( sorry for the buzz word ) . you can see it with gmail , google docs , google+ , google voice and of course google search which all are ( more or less ) agnostic of used operating systems , hardware and so on . they all operate in the cloud , the only dependancy is a decent browser . and so does android . you are not bound to even own a pc if you have an android device at all . it is meant to be a replacement for some of the stuff that you currently do on a pc . for a comparison : only with ios 5 has apple removed the hard dependancy to have itunes installed for backups and updates of ones ios device . courtesy of google :- )
administrative privileges are not the same as root . they allow for a slightly elevated level of security for controlling things like the lock screen or other tasks that most apps should not have access to . enabling administrative permission for an app will not void your warranty or anything . just be careful what you allow to have this access . the security app will need this permission to be able to lock the device and delete data ( if the app supports it ) .
turns out unlock via face recognition will be built-in in android 4.0 ice cream sandwich .
it is possible to develop one , but we do not have pixel-per-pixel touch screens ( like the one that the second generation microsoft surface uses ) on our android phones , so it will not be accurate , nor even trustable . what may be out on the market are lock screens that imitate those systems , but they are just for visual effects . the only example that is valid is the face-recognition , the iris-recognition i do not know , but i think this needs a lot more improved technology . you can check out biolock to bring biometric security ( iris scanner , facial recognition ) to android for more information .
some phones have hardware built in for such things . for example , my motorola atrix has a fingerprint scanner to unlock it , http://www.authentec.com/a/atrixfaqs.aspx . also , like you pointed out , ice cream sandwich is going to have facial recognition for locking/unlocking .
try holding the volume-down button as you do now , and then after the volume slider reaches the bottom , tap the volume-down button once more . this goes into silent ( not vibrate ) mode on my nexus 7 running 4.3 , but i think that is because it can not vibrate . alternatively , hold down the power button as if you are going to turn the device off . the power-off menu has on-screen buttons for noisy , vibrate , and silent modes .
try factory resetting your phone ! might work ! also update to kitkat 4.4.2 latest build ! you can sideload the update or update is via software update option in settings app . might solve many of your problems ! btw kitkat is way cool ! !
ok , found the answer here when you start the update process it loads that screen with the android character and the yellow progress bar , as soon as that screen shows up press both vol up and vol down at the same time and it will switch to verbose mode where it will show each step of the install process . when it fails it will typically display a directory and apk file name . time to figure out what logwrapper is and why its out of date .
you can try to reboot / remove battery . maybe resetting to factory settings will help . in addition , if everything else fails , you could try following ( read somewhere about it ) : turn it off and then back on ( the one asking you about using wifi to localize you faster ) the bluetooth and wifi are both 802.11 standards , therefore they are controlled by the same chip
android applications are distributed as ' apk ' files . this is basically just a standard ' zip ' file with a different file extension . if you change the extension to ' zip ' you can simply extract the contents of any app . in your particular case the icons will be inside the ' res ' folder in one of the folders that have ' drawable ' in their names . they are standard ' png ' files .
try the olimex olinuxino a10s - https://www.olimex.com/products/olinuxino/a10s/
while weird as to why do you hear that sound , you can look for it with a free app : explorer by speed software available from google play store : download and install the app open an browser your system to : /system/media/audio/ui listen each file there to identify the one that corresponds to the sound you hear if you are able to identify it , you can then buy the root explorer by speed software available from google play store . ( 3.59 ) . with this version you can delete files , thus deleting that audio file or replace it with an empty one to avoid issues with the system , but remove the sound anyway .
if you try to leave a review again from the same account , does it let you ? does it show the previous review , or act like nothing has been input before ? reviews should not age off ( unless they are removed for profanity or other reasons ) , but some developers have noted that ratings suddenly disappeared from their app . maybe it was a one-time bug .
here is the useragent from chrome beta on my transformer prime mozilla/5.0 ( linux ; u ; android 4.0.3 ; en-us ; transformer prime tf201 build/iml74k ) applewebkit/535.7 ( khtml , like gecko ) crmo/16.0.912.75 safari/535.7
mine is : mozilla/5.0 ( linux ; u ; android 4.0.2 ; en-us ; galaxy nexus build/icl53f ) applewebkit/535.7 ( khtml , like gecko ) crmo/16.0.912.75 mobile safari/535.7
yes . cpu is not the only thing using power but definitely a major one ( when not idling ) . most android devices have a ' battery ' section in settings which lists what applications are using up your battery . i think it gets reset every time you plug in a recharger . there might be 3rd party apps which collect that information over longer term and display it moer pretty .
as far as i know , they are simply picked by google 's staff . i would assume they look for the general indicators of a quality app ( good ratings , lots of active installs , etc ) but popular or otherwise well-known developers probably have a leg up regardless . google has never really come out and said " follow these guidelines " , possibly to reduce people trying to game the system , similar to how they do not release their full page rank algorithm . however , i can definitely say that it is not possible to purchase your way into the featured list . google 's android market developer help page notes specifically : featured and editor 's choice apps are chosen by the android market editorial team . there is no paid promotional spots or advertisements on android market . technically speaking , the only restriction i have seen is that your app must have a properly sized " featured " image to be used on the " featured apps " area . aside from that , google has been very mum about the process .
download root checker . . from the play store . . and then you will come to know your phone version . . if korean or international version . . maybe you got cheated . . while buying . . or you did not pay attention/check it out properly ! if it is rooted you got no help with samsung . . as far as i know . . but you can give it a try ! and also leave the flashing to professionals ! take it some mobile repair centre . . which you trust ! : ) hope it helps . . even i am getting heating issues on my shv-e160l ! : (
infact your phone is not the international note 1 gt-n700 . you have the korean version shv-e160l which is converted to n700 .
maybe you should try out heimdall ? unpack the package , select files and flash . there are many video tutoritals about it . my phone did not work with odin , i tried heimdall and it did not show any fail : )
you can use dropbox and other cloud based storage , very useful for moving files .
the radio is closed source and provided by the manufacturer .
google chat/talk sessions can be recorded and saved to your gmail account using a gmail setting . from google 's chat support pages : changing your chat history settings you can adjust your chat history settings in gmail at any time . chat history for google talk is only available to users who are signed in with a gmail username . from gmail : sign in to gmail . click the gear icon at the top of any gmail page , and open the chat tab . from the chat tab : select ' do not save chat history in my gmail account ' to disable chat history saving , or , select ' save chat history in my gmail account ' to enable chat history saving . click save changes . keep in mind that if you have disabled chat history saving , people you chat with may still choose to save chat histories in their gmail settings . if you would prefer that someone you are talking to does not save your chat , you can take the conversation off the record . if you are talking to someone who is connected to the network with a desktop chat client , it is possible that his or her software is keeping a separate copy of the chat history .
while inside the chat if i tap on menu i see an option to stop to save . . . ( i do not now the exact text in english . maybe you selected that menu ? or did so the person you are chatting with ?
according to the web page that you linked , your phone has the following specs : mtk6516 416 mhz cpu 512 mb rom 256 mb ram screen hvga 800 x 480 the skype faq says : what do i need to run skype on my android phone ? to run skype on your android phone , you will need a supported phone running android os version 2.1 or above with least 27mb of free memory space on your handset and 600mhz or more processing power . the supported screen resolutions are 320x240 , 240x400 , 320x480 , 800x480 and 850x480 . so it looks like the app does not support your phone 's cpu ( which oddly seems to be slower than the very earliest android phones like the g1 ) . there is more than one official skype app , it is possible that the one you are using is not compatible with your phone , but another one might be . see the links in this question to find the skype apps can i install skype on my xperia ?
this post from xda-developers will help you if her phone is rooted .
i know this does not solve your problem of flashing a modem via odin , but have you had a look at the collection of cwm modems , e.g. here http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=47234771postcount=1220nocache=1z=1674485336989164 there is this hint : originally posted by lambstone ok it worked . if anyone else is having issues with the baseband not changing , do this .
finally fixed the issue ( old cwm ) : upgraded cwm from 6.0.3.2 to 6.0.4.4 using rom manager . rebooted to recovery mode wipe data / factory reset wipe cache partition wipe dalvik cache flash cm zip ( two times ) flash gapps reboot phone ( boot animation now showed ; this was just black before ) after the phone booted , ( and the usual wizard ) , i noticed the baseband was no longer unknown , but listed my previously-flashed modem . i rebooted phone into download mode and flashed a different modem ( for my region ) . phone working normally now . : )
evernote is the most versatile you will find . you can save and sync voice , text , images , and almost everything else , all for free . ( providing you use under 60mb per month , and even using it frequently as i do , i rarely exceed 10mb ) evernote also crosses platforms and will work on your android , windows ios and other devices , and allows for web access for any other device with internet .
i am using catch notes for this functionality : notes saved offline and synced , when internet connected ( and some notes i am editing from my pc via web browser , their synced later ) .
use evernote . it features cloud sync and it lets you access your notes from almost all platform . you can create audio notes directly from homescreen using its widget , too .
you can configure note everything to do regular backups of all your notes ( they will be stored on sd card then ) . if you additionally want to have those data sync'd with " the cloud " , you might want to take a look at specific synchronization apps , like e.g. foldersync . this way you can keep the app you are already used to ( and which is wonderful , by the way -- i use it myself ) , and still have your data secured on a ) sd card and b ) some other machine ( be it " the cloud " , or your local computer at home ) .
checkout bradybound . it is a system wide download speed shaper/limiter . few things to note : the app requires root access . it works by dropping packets using iptables . this wastes some traffic - how much depends on the type of traffic ( e . g . long running download , web browsing ) . rate measurement is done by number of packets instead of bytes so the speed limit will not be accurate . this only limits tcp traffic ( it makes no sense to drop udp packets ) . note also that i am the author of this app .
well there is no such app at the moment but google is planning to introduce this in the near future . . bandwidth throttling feature
while not for the faint of heart , how about the linux command traffic control ? check out the man page for a quick run-down . you will need root and the android terminal emulator app ( or similar ) . i think this guide will be helpful , especially the script quoted below ( although because i am not rooted i have not tried it myself ) . you can either try to run the script using sh or using bash , or simply type the commands from the script directly in terminal after replacing the variables with your desired values . let us know how it goes .
3gb advertised by the manufacturer is the total capacity of memory chips installed in the device . but this memory is shared between multiple components ( like ap , bp , gpu , etc ) . 2.4gb reported by android is the amount available to ap . the rest is not " missing " . it is just being used by other components .
this is normal , it is impossible to clear the entire cache . since the os cache is it is own system files , while the clear cache button is likely for clearing the app cache . the missing memory is consistent across all such devices , may be reserved for video processor cache .
i have the same problem with samsung galaxy ace 2 . to make your default storage the sd card you need to modify vold . fstab . but to modify this file you need to root your phone . i think there is no other way to do this . hope i have helped = ) .
in the regular xauth/rsa authentication scheme both client and server are mutually authenticated using rsa certificates during phase 1 of the internet key exchange protocol ( ikev1 ) that is used to negotiate ipsec connections . in a second authentication step the client authenticates itself using xauth ( e . g . with username/password , but there can be other credentials ) , which is desribed in draft-ieft-ipsec-isakmp-xauth and an extension on top of ikev1/isakmp ( often called phase 1.5 as it comes , together with mode config , between main/aggressive mode and phase 2 , quick mode ) . with the hybrid xauth/rsa scheme , which is described in draft-ietf-ipsec-isakmp-hybrid-auth , the client does no authentication during phase 1 of the negotiation . only the server does so during that phase , allowing the client to verify that it is talking to the right vpn server when it continues to authenticate itself using xauth . this simplifies deployment as no client certificates/keys are required . and compared to the commonly used xauth/psk scheme it prevents man-in-the-middle attacks , which are possible there due to the publicly known pre-shared secret ( at least in larger deployments ) .
it looks like the easiest way to fix this is to add albumartist tags to each album .
try to install greenify . it helps you identify and put the misbehaving apps into hibernation when you are not using them , to stop them from lagging your device and leeching the battery
make sure there are not any nandroid backups still on your device . those might take some space . you can also try moving apps to another storage location if that is available .
the only answer is a factory reset and even that does not work as it is supposed to . shows formatting but nothing is removed when you boot up again . i imagine the problem comes from google servers restoring everything . i do not know how to get around that .
not sure if this really qualifies as an answer , but since i do not have enough points to comment and i do want to contribute what i have discovered about this problem , it'll have to do . . . i have had a very similar sounding problem for the last 2 weeks or so with no obvious trigger in terms of app or firmware updates . my location history has gone crazy with some days getting reported travel distances of 10 - 20 thousand miles in spite of me just going to work and back ( 60 miles each way ) . what is happening is that while i am at work , or travelling ( or anywhere away from home ) , location points are being recorded for where i actually am , then for a point very close to my home location , then back where i am again , then back at home , etc . the system seems to be seeing me travelling home and back roughly once per minute , and all those journeys quickly add up ! so far i have tried switching off wifi/cell location services , but that gives you basically no location history and google now is largely disabled , so that is no help . turning wifi/cell location services back on and then turning wifi off when away from home does help - it gets rid of the ' home and back ' in one minute journeys , but the location history is less accurate when away from home . i am using an app called ' llama ' to do this automatically at the moment . my conclusion from this is that for some reason wifi location reporting is giving a bogus result of ' near home ' constantly throughout the day . the only sensible reason i can think of for this would be if i was carrying around another device acting as a wifi access point and that google location services had learned to location of that wifi point as being at my home . however , i am not actually carrying around such a device . next steps i am considering trying : wipe the data associated with the maps app on the device wipe the data associated with the wifi app on the device do a factory reset on the device and restore as suggested by gathrawn below , the most likely cause of this problem is having a second android device set to report location in addition to your primary device . you take your phone with you , but your tablet sits at home . both report their location once per minute , or thereabouts , and your location history goes crazy . the solution in my case was simply to turn off location reporting in the google maps settings on the secondary device . i also have a nexus 4 , on t-mobile uk
i had the same issue . i have a second device at home which was intermittently causing my location to jump back to home multiple times a day . disabling reporting on the device seems to have fixed the issue .
why re-invent the wheel ? could you not just re-use an existing service for your notifications , the simplest would just be to use email or twitter . there are many , many existing ways to hook servers up to send email or twitter messages , and many clients on android that will notify you when these arrive , and can prioritise and do different notifications depending on the message . my server at home has its own gmail account , it mails me about anything i need to know , and i have rules and prioritisations in my gmail to sort the messages on their importance , and star them when necessary , and the android client notifies me . big bonus to doing it this way is that you are not tied to checking these notifications on your phone , but have many ways to view and check them on many different platforms .
there are several ways to accomplish things like this : using atomics to kill the chicken you could e.g. setup one of your ubuntu machines as a nagios server ( or any similar service ) . there are several clients available for android , like e.g. anag and unagi nagios client on android ( the latter even has plugins for locale/tasker for more flexibility : locale unagi notifier plug-in and locale unagi settings plug-in , so you even can setup automatic actions on your device based on the notifications ) . plenty more of similar solutions available , e.g. with cacti . . . the simplicistic approach at the end of your scripts , you could place a line to have them send you a mail to e.g. your gmail address . this can e.g. be done using the mailx command : mailx -s "[WooFoo] script finished" johndoe@example.com  ( of course , replace johndoe@example.com with your real address ) . as soon as that mail arrives , gmail ( or any other mail client you use on your android device ) would trigger a notification . enhancing the simple approach tasker can react on incoming mail for the gmail app or k-9 mail . that is why i put the [WooFoo] in front of the subject : replace that by any specific keyword which should trigger your tasker action . tasker then can " eat " the mail ( so it does not stick in your account for manual clean-up ) and perform a desired action : play a specific tune , vibrate your phone using a specific pattern , generate a pop-up message , even execute specific javascript code ( see the actions section of the tasker userguide for additional ideas ) .
it has to do with the resolution you are trying to play is too high to play in normal mode and hence the blank screen . anyways rather than using google chrome for videos i would recommend mx player which is a very capable media player and supports most videos .
if every video behaves this way , it could be a bug in the display driver for your tv stick . when a video plays full-screen , the video decoder writes the decoded video directly into the framebuffer , a special part of memory that holds the image being displayed . when a video is played inside another window , it instead uses an overlay , which is a way of combining the video output and the rest of the screen . if playing videos works fullscreen but not inside another window , this could be a symptom of a error in the part of the display driver that handles overlays . you could check with the manufacturer to see if an updated rom fixes the error .
go to Settings&gt;Voice input and output&gt;Text-to-speech settings and check " driving mode " .
a bit late i know , but i have just been having a similar problem with a samsung galaxy s3 mini . this is how i got rid of it . i tried other ways , but found that if i turned the phone on and off again , the speech would come alive again . this was the only way i could kill it off for good . go to Settings -&gt; Accessibility -&gt; Text to Speech and there will be a list of current text to speech providers ( i had 2 , google and samsung ) go to Application Manager -&gt; All find Google Text to Speech and disable it if there is no disable button , you will have to click Uninstall All Updates first , then go back , and the button should now read disable you will want to do the above step for each text to speech option you had in your list . i had 2 , so i did it again for samsung tts . now if you go back to Settings -&gt; Accessibility -&gt; Text to Speech there should be nothing left in the list and your home screen will finally be silent . hooray ! i also have driving mode and talkback disabled . i already had them turned off , but they did not help . hope this helps .
depending on your rom , there might be two settings for screen lock : user turns of screen explicitly ( default : lock immediately ) screen turns off by timeout ( default : lock after 5 seconds if not switched on again by user before that ) you might wish to check with your device . it is usually found in settings&rarr ; display . not that this is not separately configurable on all devices .
sometimes android goes into fubar mode and the only way to get past it is to make a hard reset . this unfortunately deletes any data stored on the device but anything stored on the memory card will remain . luckily there is a hardware hard reset mode . a hard reset can be accomplished by doing the following things : turn the power off . if your samsung galaxy s ii is frozen , pull the battery out and reinsert it hold the volume down button press and release the power button you are now presented with a menu that allows for fastbook , recovery , clear storage , and simlock select clear storage by pressing the volume down button press and release the power button now simply confirm your decision : volume up for yes and volume down for no some versions of samsung galaxy s2 require that you need to hold down volume down and volume up to get into the menu . youtube video showing how it is done
yes , this will all work as smoothly as you hope . i recently traveled to a different timezone . before the trip i added a lot of events in my google calendar with an explicit timezone set ( of my destination ) . google ( and my phone ) did the timezone math correctly when i was there . the only caveat is that if you travel somewhere outside of your phone 's cellular service , then it will not be able to automatically set the timezone ( assuming you leave that feature enabled generally ) . you will need to use Settings -> Date &amp; time , then un-check Automatic and then manually set the local timezone .
google calender works with time zones exactly like you hope it would . all events shift appropriately based on your local time zone without user intervention . i particularly like how on the web you can specify a different time zone for the start and end of an event so you can accurately record the time of an airplane trip .
yes , at least for me . all of my events are stored as gmt and the time of the event is displayed based on the time of the device ( my location ) . now , i do not know what happens if you " specify " the timezone like you mentioned , as i have never done that .
its worth upgrading to cyanogenmod 10+ with it you can expand notifications to ' preview ' the contents of the text or missed call , straight from the notification drawer . to do this , you simply pinch the notification and it will expand down . try searching youtube for a video demonstration of this , it is a cool feature that will appear to solve your problem .
i used an otg adapter and a keyboard . plugged it in and then powered up . typed in my code then plugged into laptop running kies . got all my contacts and messages and more
i believe the s4 supports usb on-the-go . if you get yourself an otg adapter , you can use it to plug in a usb mouse and unlock the screen that way . a mouse click/drag works just like a screen touch in android .
open a contact from the " people " app ( the contact list ) by tapping on its name , then press the Menu button ( the galaxy nexus analogue to this should be the ... button ) . one of the menu options should be " delete " .
well , i did not find a way to hide it ; but switched to using widgetlocker for my lock screen and just disabled cm 's .
if i understand correctly you are wanting to download all of your gmail emails ? if so , i have used this tool before in the past to download my gmail emails and it works well : http://www.gmail-backup.com/
you can use adb for this : adb backup -noapk -noshared -f gmail.ab com.google.android.gm  would backup all data of the gmail app to your pc , storing it in a file named gmail.ab in the current working directory . a restore of that snapshot then is as easy as running adb restore gmail.ab  note that this will include all the settings of the gmail app . if you prefer doing the same via an app on your device , take a look at helium backup . without root , it is not possible to access the corresponding folder on your device directly ( which would be found below /data/data/com.google.android.gm and be owned by the gmail app , which forbids access for other apps/users , including the shell user ) .
astro file manager has an smb module that appears to work for browsing the filesystem via samba . i have not found any afp or bluetooth modules ( yet ) ; for the latter , android likes bluetooth obex-ftp but the only server implementation i could find for osx is ancient and bitrotted . android does not appear to have any way to do the kind of obex stuff osx wants although i would love to be proven wrong about that .
you may drag n drop the icons . a maximum of six is allowed
the new art runtime is still experimental . it will make your phone less stable , and some apps just will not work at all . that is why the option to switch from dalvik to art is in the developer options : it is only there to let developers and system integrators test their stuff and help google fix problems . for this reason , it is a little pointless to measure the performance of art right now , since bugs in it might cause artificially low or high performance , even in situations where the bug does not occur or is not apparent . fixing a bug might reduce performance ( increasing battery or memory use , or decreasing speed ) because extra checks or a slower algorithm are needed to avoid the bug ; or , it might increase performance by making some computation unnecessary . also , further work on improving the performance of art will certainly be done before it is turned on for everybody . combining the effects of fixing all bugs , and all the performance improvements that are made , it is very hard to predict how the finished product will perform . the performance could completely change before art is ready for mainstream use .
currently , very few apps properly support art . so , the performance difference is not really noticeable . as for battery consumption , there should be little to no difference if your cpu settings are left at default . art is a great innovation , and i can not wait to see some great performance numbers in the near future , but we are not there yet . if you are running cm11 nightly builds , you might see some poor battery life . if you do , try another kernel , such as devil .
check your contacts . keyboard will search and suggest contact names .
look in /system/media/audio/ringtones . the notifications folder one level up contains the notification tones .
the battery may be ok . i had this problem and fixed it . 1 ) plug the phone into a charger . 2 ) the pins get loose , so press the battery towards the pins and press the on button . 3 ) once the phone starts to boot up , you can take the pressure off and replace the back onto the phone . whoolahhh !
try using a different battery . samsung phones have user-replaceable batteries , and your current one may be defective .
download this software and connect your android device . you will be able to access your phone memory .
you could use adb for this . in connection with graphical frontends like e.g. qtadb this makes it easy to access your device 's storage . access from the command line is also possible ( see the linked tag-wiki ) . another possibility is to install a ssh server on your device , which you then could access using either an ssh command line client , or also with graphical applications like e.g. winscp . how much of your internal storage you can access either way depends on whether your android device is rooted . only portions of the internal storage are accessible for users other than root .
if you want to check programmatically , checking the system features via the packagemanager object works , as far as i can tell for my device . this method does not give the exact supported number , but rather a categorisation as follows : touchscreen_multitouch jazzhand ( tracks 5 or more touches fully independently ) touchscreen_multitouch distinct ( tracks 2 or more touches fully independently ) touchscreen_multitouch ( basic 2 finger gesture compatibility ) depending on your task as hand , this might be sufficient enough , however gathrawn 's comment regarding low-tier phones makes me worry if it can be relied on that all those vendors actually set those values correctly before deploying the software . other than that , i do not know any way currently ( but would also like to learn about one ) - apart from maybe having the users test their devices as your app starts up , when the detected api level is less than 11 for instance .
are all touch-screens on modern devices multitouch capable on hardware level ( if software supports it ) ? this is more or less impossible to answer without spec sheets for every android device that has ever been created ( within whatever timeframe you consider " modern" ) . very broadly speaking , devices from major manufacturers over the last several years will typically support multitouch to some degree , but even that overall degree of support can vary between devices . if not than how to detect if touchscreen screen by itself is multitouch or not ? there are a bunch of apps for this . i would say pick one and try it . if you want to try to verify the results , pick several and try them all .
here is a segment from the description of samsung link : * allshare play is now samsung link . continue to log-in with your samsung account to access your pictures , videos , and documents previously stored on allshare play . access and play content across smart devices , anytime anywhere samsung link enables users to access and play content saved on other devices over a wireless access point as well as over the internet . this gives me the impression that the item you are sharing is an allshare item , possibly shared by you long ago , without your remembering it . it may even have been shared to you by a different allshare user , and belongs to that account . ( this is just a guess ) to attach it , it would make sense that you have to log in as the accountholder that owns it .
the simplest solution would be to remove the lock screen but that leads to a whole new set of problems . i would recommend switching to another type of lock screen such as pin input or password input . that way the ok button must be pressed in order to submit a password attempt . the most effective solution of course - do not give your smartphone to your kids . :- )
why not install a sandbox which will prevent this kind of thing from happening ? it is a form of parental control and content management so that certain apps are locked out from kids . and the bonus - with the sandbox activated , you can still give it to your kids to play with . and no messing about with settings , deleting certain things such as contacts , sms etc . for example ( take this with a pinch of salt here ) , accidentally buying an app from the google play store without your knowledge .
i have used secure settings , although it does not always work as advertised . i use this with locale to simply disable the lockscreen when i am in certain locations .
there is now a standard place for android phone users to set their owner information : menu -> settings -> security - > owner information there is also a checkbox that makes this information show up on the lock screen . there is an article about it at cnet with this useful screenshot :
settings / about phone / status shows the device 's phone number . call it and leave a message . maybe the owner will check their voicemail from home . or call people in the contact list , especially ones that show recent history . " your buddy lost a phone . . . " or call the carrier and tell them you found the phone . they will be able to contact the phone 's owner and relay your contact information .
if you go to settings > accounts and sync settings , you should be able to see their gmail address and possibly facebook . you can probably contact them through one of those .
most likely , the device is still hanging out to the old network configuration and needs to be adjusted or cleared . there are a couple of methods that can be used to accomplish this . lets start from the simplest : reset the device wi-fi connection . simple wi-fi connection reset , by turning off wireless and then turning it back on : tap the menu button on your device ; tap " settings" ; tap " wireless and network" ; tap " wi-fi settings" ; in the new screen , uncheck wi-fi to turn it off ; after wi-fi is turned off , tap the entry again to turn it back on . test your connection to confirm if this worked . if not , continue to the next options . forget about the network you can have your device forget the network and then re-add it , but for this to be possible , it needs to get out of range of the network , then : from the previous location , long press the network you want to forget ; tap over " forget network" ; get back within range , wait for the network to show up ; enter the network password to join . at this point your device should have a new address and be working . advanced wi-fi settings at this point is clear that you need to confirm all settings for your wi-fi connection : tap the menu button on your device ; tap " settings" ; tap " wireless and network" ; tap " wi-fi settings" ; tap the menu button again ; tap " advanced" ; from here you can confirm all the settings one by one and make sure they match your network requirements : use static ip address , network gateway , netmask , dns1 and dns2 .
turns out it was a problem with the dns servers my dhcp was serving up . the first two were local dns servers . i do not know why they were not working for android ( they worked fine for the laptop computers ) , but as soon as i replaced the second local dns server with a remote dns server , things started working . it also appears that android only pays attention to the first two servers given by dhcp since i had other servers listed after my local server . it seems kind of fishy that only the android phones had problems with the local dns server . i would not mind finding out what the underlying problem is , but changing the dns servers is an acceptable workaround .
ruus are linked to carrier and their allocation of devices so it can be tricky to find the right ruu for your device i had a similar issue with my htc magic and i used a goldcard method to downgrade the bootloader so that may be a good place to start , do not lose heart it can be done due to the massive amounts of different ruus out there it can be really confusing it took me ~6 weeks to find the right solution to downgrade my htc magic so i could root it , i have never looked back since http://lmgtfy.com/?q=downgrade+desire+bootloader+goldcard
i finally succeeded ! ! ( youhou ! ! you can not believe how proud i am ! ) first of all , i want to indicate that links on xda ( those that goes in multiupload.com, that redirect to lnx . lu ) , sucks ! i can not believe it . you have to download a " download manager " , with so many related ads and apps you must install . it is a shame . ( i am very angry agains't them ( lnx . lu ) for wasting my time just because they are greedy ) . now , the real answer ! you need to downgrade your hboot version before running the ruu rom , for that , it is quite easy : first , you choose your rom on that page , and notice the rom version then , you go here ( if the link is down , you can download the source code here ! ) and define the cid and the rom version . for the cid , if you do not know it , just set to 11111111 or htc__022 . if you want to try something more precise , you can try the one related to your carrier from this link . keep the download file to a specific directory ( for this case , it will be /tmp/mtd0.img ) . now you need the flash_image tool , if you can not find one , here 's a link . download it to /tmp/flash_image now some command line . for that , you will need the android sdk and a correct usb driver ( adb should return a device when connected , with debug on ) . do these commands : once the phone is on ruu mode ( showing a grey htc logo ) , run the . exe rom you downloaded previously , wait for it to finish , and voil ! you are done ! : ) here 's the doc i followed for the commands .
sure , just be aware that doing so you will lose the warranty ! if you want to do it anyway , just go to sammobile . com and look for your phone ( just type i9100 in the search box ) . in the result list , choose your firmware and download it . to flash it , follow these steps : download odin v1.85 from here unzip the downloaded files , both odin and the firmware power off your phone and boot into download mode . to do so , press and hold the volume down and home buttons together , and then tap the power button until you see the construction android robot icon with a triangle . hit the power button again to confirm entry into download mode launch odin on your computer and connect your phone to it while your phone is still in download mode in case your phone connects successfully , one of the id:com boxes will turn yellow with the corresponding com port number . this process may be time-consuming choose the files to be flashed or installed on your phone , which can be found among the extracted files in step 2 click the pda button and choose the file named ' code ' . tap the phone button and choose the file named ' modem ' . ignore this step if such file is missing . hit the csc button and choose the file named ' csc ' . ignore this step if such file is absent . click the pit button and choose the . pit file . ignore this step if there is no such file in odin , enable auto reboot and f . reset time options . in case of the re-partition option , check it only if you chose a . pit file in the previous step click the start button in odin and the rom installation process will begin . it may take a few minutes to complete . do not disconnect the phone or it will irremediably bricked once the rom is installed , your phone will reboot . when you see the home screen , disconnect the phone from the computer . this may take a long long time , so do not panic and give it a few minutes your samsung galaxy s2 i9100 is now successfully updated . go to settings > about phone to verify the firmware version installed . enjoy : )
this ( at least the ussd messages ) are operator related , and can only be disabled by your operator .
your hypothesis is correct . it is like transferring files over ftp : the receiving computer needs to run a server that understands the right protocol . to receive files you probably want a server that understands the object exchange protocol ( obex ) or object push protocol ( opp ) . our sister site ask ubuntu has an answer about receiving files , which may help you out . if you need any further help setting up your ubuntu laptop , they will be able to help if you ask a question there .
wipe dalvik cache after wiping cache reboot and wait a while
you installed mod to system , so you need to reflash rom from recovery . erase user data ( hard reset ) will not help you .
internal memory space is required to store app data and cache , it does not matter much if you move your apps to sdcard app data and cache still gonna be in internal memory . this problem can be solved by rooting . if not willing then try some apps playstore which delete cache and auto move apps to sdcard
you can flash back to factory to save your phone . download latest image of your galaxy nexus link . for example , if you download android 4.3 takju , unpack you will see flash-all.bat or flash-all.sh . if you are using windows , run flash-all.bat with your phone connected the pc and drivers installed . and under linux , run flash-all.sh
if you have an unlocked phone , i do not think there should be any problem . the sim card for gophone is apparently just a regular prepaid sim card and is not tied to the phone it is sold with . if the phone does not recognize the apn for 3g , just go to Settings &gt; Wireless and Networks &gt; Mobile Networks &gt; Access point Names and enter the appropriate access point settings manually .
highly recommend smssync . it is opensource , it does not try to do too many things , and it does this specific thing very well .
this works with mysms . com . the app syncs your text messages and calls and you get notified via a popup window - similar to skype .
you can use google voice to have calls ring your cell phone and any other phone you like ; as vyse mentioned you can use it directly with google chat , but with a little extra effort you can hook it into any sip phone like skype . this also works for sms messages , which will show up in your email and you can reply to exactly as if they were on your phone . aside from gv , there really are not any good alternatives for what you want to do without setting up your own vpbx like freeswitch or asterisk .
edit 2014/06: i have moved on and developed maxs . see my answer here . original answer : gtalksms ( google code project page ) is a alternative for android-notifier which works over xmpp ( gtalk , jabber ) . it allows you to control various aspects of android , includes a sms/call/battery notification and reply system . additionaly it is able to send and receive files to and from your android device . there are many other features too . using xmpp as transport , the " desktop app " can be every xmpp client . which is one of gtalksms big advantages , as it does not need a dedicated desktop app . note : according to the faq i have to disclose that i am involved in gtalksms . gtalksms is an open source gpl licensed android app . everyone can contribute .
the app backup to gmail sends sms , mms and calls to a folder you set on your gmail account . it is not forwarding the calls but you can at least see if someone called or texted you .
i have google voice set up which allows this . if you were to call or text my google voice number and i was signed into gmail in a web browser ( i exclusively use chrome ) i can answer the call using either my phone or the computer . i can also send and receive text messages from the computer . i am also able to answer calls using my house phone , too . i know that this does not answer your question but it may solve the problem of being unable to get the question answered .
maxs ( modular android xmpp suite ) forwards all kind of notifications ( calls , sms , etc ) to your pc over xmpp . it also allows you to control various aspects of android , includes a sms/call/battery notification and reply system . additionaly it is able to send and receive files to and from your android device . there are many other features too . using xmpp as transport , the " desktop app " can be every xmpp client . which is one of the big advantages of maxs , as it does not need a dedicated desktop app . although there may be one in the future . note : according to the faq i have to disclose that i am involved into maxs . maxs is an open source gplv3 licensed android app . everyone can contribute .
for sms i highly recommend mightytext .netfor controlling your pone you can use airdroid , which is great . receiving calls on your computer i have not found any solution besides google voice and i live outside the usa so it is a bummer for me :- (
i have only seen notification apps so far , such as remote notifier for android . most of the time it works ok but sometimes the notifications are delayed or do not show up at all . note that the app requires a " server " application on the pc , which can be found here , along with instructions .
there are only two ways to get it back : flash a ( new ) rom . this could be the same you are currently using , or any other one fitting for your device . to find a matching one , please see where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ? find the exact rom you are currently using , and extract the corresponding files from it . then copy the extracted files to your device . for the future , keep in mind to always make a good backup before tampering with system files . a nandroid backup is a very good idea , as with that you are always able to get back to the state before you started with any changes . see also the comments on your question for other details .
you should be able to make phone calls easily in the command line , assuming you have root . the command is service call phone 2 s16 "+18001231234" . this will automatically start calling that phone number . however , this is all done in the foreground . if you had the phone , you would see the normal call screens show up . if you were trying to launch a phone call behind the scenes without the user knowing , i am not sure how you would do that . also , this is only for sending calls , not receiving . and you can not pipe a sound file to the call in lieu of using the actual microphone , nor can you record the incoming sound . more information : android  call/dial from the adb shell command line
you are not going to be able to achieve this using just userland tools , like what you describe -- at least not while android is running . the reason is because the ril opens the radio device ( generally some device node under /dev/* ) as a low-level linux service , and while that has an exclusive lock on the device , nothing else can read from or write to the radio . the ril then communicates to the android platform for all radio-related events . it could be done with some extensive modifications to the underlying linux kernel ( it is open source , so definitely a possibility if you do not mind getting your hands dirty in c ) , or by replacing the ril daemon ( not as easy , because the rild is not required to be open source , therefore you do not know what the underlying implementation is without reverse engineering ) . doing the latter will break android 's ability to use it properly , unless you somehow come up with a compatibility channel to proxy communication between the new ril and the existing ril - and even then , there is a good chance that android will become confused when it tries to make a call ( knowing that the modem should not currently be in use , but getting a response from the radio saying that it is in use ) . failing that , you might also be able to achieve it by replacing the phone app and using all-native platform apis . but i am kind of thinking that it will not work ( at least based on my knowledge of how htc radios work ) . in an htc device , when you place a call , android notifies rild , which places the call , and then rild tells the radio that it should route all call audio through the handset speaker and route all sound picked up from the microphone into the phone call . the android platform does not handle call audio routing itself . all of the above requires rooting the device and installing a custom-built rom at a minimum .
or you can long hold the home button on the bottom of your phone and a little menu will prompt them go to task manager then go to tab that says clear defaults
you need to clear the " launch by default " setting for stumbleupon . open up your phone settings , then go to applications . look for the stumbleupon app , and click on it . here is where you can do things such as uninstall/disable the app , clear the data , etc . one of the options is to Clear defaults . this is the option you need to run . it will restore the app-selection menu for any actions where you set stumbleupon to be the default handler .
most common errors ( and solutions to them ) are : different file name : make sure the file is really named recovery-clockwork.img , in your example , or adjust your command according to the file name wrong path , e.g. your file resides in C:\Downloads , but you are executing fastboot flash recovery recovery-clockwork.img from C:\: either first change to the directory the .img file is located in , move the .img to where you want to execute your command , or try specifying the file with its full path ( e . g . C:\Downloads\recovery-clockwork.img ) sometimes adb/fastboot behaves strangely when executed from " somewhere else " . in those cases it helps to first changing to the directory where the resp . executable is located , and run your command from there .
normally , the mediascanner should pick them up from any place , add them to the library , and your player should find them . that works smoothly and immediately if you use the means the designers had in mind ( connect your device via mtp , transfer the files , disconnect  the mediascanner will start immediately ) . but as you use a different way ( we are bad doing so  i am doing it as well ; ) , mediascanner is not triggered immediately . so you either have to wait until it decides to run  or trigger it manually : it runs on every device boot , so a reboot triggers it it runs whenever the sdcard is mounted . so if your device has an external sdcard , going to settings  storage , and un-mounting plus re-mounting the card will trigger it as both above solutions are not really satisfying : there are several apps on play which let you trigger it manually , by just tapping their shortcut . one candidate still working with kitkat is sd scanner . see also my answers here and here . alternatively , you could try a music player that does not rely on the mediascanner . one example for those would be the gonemad music player : here you can define yourself which directories you want scanned , and can trigger a scan yourself from inside the app whenever needed . those rescans are blazingly fast , as they only scan directories you have defined  instead of checking everywhere on the device .
it is the issue with the micro usb on the phone . best you get it checked at a authorized service center . for a temporary fix : take a sharp pin and put it under the micro usb port and twist the usb port towards the screen . that should be a quick fix .
clean lint out of usb port with a safety pin , be careful with connector inside . . . lint from pocket is issue
according to the official design guide , notification icons are supposed to be white only . some apps do break the rules , so perhaps it is just that you had an app that used to have colourful icons but was updated to bring it into line with the rules .
there is not a non-fullscreen layout for youtube for 7in tablets , only for 10in tablets . there is no button there because there is nothing to switch to . the developers evidently think there is not enough room to see the video and display other information usefully at the same time . you are right about the volume control . because android already has separate volume settings for media , notifications , and the phone ringer , and it guarantees the presence of hardware volume controls , it is considered bad design to put additional volume controls on the screen .
have you tried the go keyboard ? i use go keyboard on samsung galaxy s4 . it vibrates when i press the return key . it is customizable via Sound and vibrate &gt; Key press vibrate . you might also want to check Advanced Setting &gt; Smiley Setting ; this lets you merge the smiley and the return key function .
having an sgs2 myself , i just checked *#0*# and all 3 axis values change . so you definitely seem to have a problem here , either in software or hardware , and since you have already tried to search for solutions online and could not find anything which works , perhaps it is best to contact samsung directly for help .
figured this out by looking at the desktop version . enter " about:config " into the address bar . search for " keyword . url " set the value of this setting to the new search provider . for example : " https://www.duckduckgo.com/?q= " update : this has changed in the newer versions of firefox ( desktop version too ) . you now have to install search engine addons . then enter " about:addons " in the address bar . long press on the search engine add on that you wish to be default and select " set as default " from the menu that appears .
if you have got adb ready ( see : adb and its tag-wiki for details ) , there are multiple ways to achieve it . my examples assume you have got the .apk file on your computer , and are operating from the very same directory it resides in . further , let 's call the file foobar.apk: if the latter still fails , you might have to say " goodbye " to your data , and run uninstall without the -k ( "keep data" ) option . you could also try backing up data first , and restore it after a successful install ( adb backup -f foobar.ab -noapk com.foobar and later adb restore foobar.ab ) .
you can not " downgrade " an installed app to an older version . first you need to uninstall the app from your device , and only after that can you install the older version from the apk .
your issue ain't related with browser app , it is a network configuration regarding the proxy settings . as you can read from your phone 's user manual on page 63: proxy settings are used by browser but may not be used by other apps . since you have mentioned that only " browser " gets affected , and that all of them work fine under 3g , this leaves us with an wifi settings issue : touch the " settings " icon ; touch " wireless and networks " > " wi-fi" ; touch and hold your network in the list of wi-fi networks ; touch " modify network " in the dialog that opens ; select " show advanced option" ; touch " none " under proxy settings , then touch " manual " in the menu that opens . clear the proxy box , make sure nothing stays there . touch save . open the browser and give it a try . you should now be able to navigate without problems either with http and https .
you need to install the google apps for cyanogen . download the signed zip from the link below , there is one for the rom ( you do not need ) and one for google apps . all you have to do is install it from recovery just as you would a custom rom . should solve your problems . . . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=691366 update : the link above is for the htc magic . the one below is for nexus one . not sure if there is a difference in the zips , but just in case use this one for nexus one . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=723844highlight=google+apps
i installed it simply by going to the market and updating to the new version . i know i have it installed correctly as it popped up a " what is new " dialog on first run . i have a htc magic 32a with cm6 .
can you once try slate . apk from this xda thread . he has created/ported many skins .
" fast boot " is basically analogous to the hibernate or possibly s3 ( str ) sleep functionality on regular pcs ( htc is not very clear on what precisely it does , but analysis of its claims and action suggests it is one of these ) . rather than fully shutting down and restarting , the os resumes where it was after a shutdown , allowing the system to get from " off " to " ready to use " much faster . as mentioned , some apps do not play nice with this , such as the case is in this so question . unless you are regularly needing to shut off your phone for some reason and want it to start back up faster , i would personally just leave it off to avoid the potential for weird issues .
yeah of course it will . but barely you can use it as a phone . you cannot even transfer anything via bluetooth ( i have tried this with htc desire hd ) .
yeah definitely it works fine without any issue . but if you have installed any apps on sd card then they will not work at all . but to take backup of any data ( contacts , messages , call log ) on your phone you should have sd card inserted . finally to answer your question , yes . it works fine as the os and related information stored on the phone internal memory .
i own an htc desire and an htc wildfire , they both works without microsd . apps stored on the card just becomes unavailable .
using adb , i believe it is possible : for example we have android program with manifest as under : to run the code issue command like this ( in one line ) : am start -a android.intent.action.MAIN -n com.app1.android.xtract/com.app1.android.xtract.Contact 
i use rockplayer and it has a button right on the display to toggle aspect ratios and zoom levels--very convenient .
a very possible reason is probably you have used your google account in another mobile also for downloading apps from google play or for accessing gmail or whatever . do not panic about such things if you have logged out from that devices .
theory #1 the device may represent an android emulator you used , where you installed an application on it through play store or simply logged into your google account . theory #2 devices never get deleted from google 's database ( even if you can hide them ) . this device may represent an old android phone you had .
not an answer but a good alternative . buy this inexpensive wifi powerbank . this is practically a very portable wifi router . i bought and use one and so far its great . can also be an inexpensive mifi device using a 3g dongle , and a backup battery for your phone .
as per my comment in the above , i would gauge a guess , its some sort of a f irm w are d ow n load a specialized mode particular to that device to enable updating - think of ota firmware update but using some proprietary software to download the firmware - possibly radio baseband , or a rom update . . .
you can not force it to work . there may be tricks you can play to fake the app into thinking it is on another device , but for the specific app given ( video playback ) , it is almost certainly refusing to playback because it can not . the hardware on the device is probably something that the devs did not anticipate , or that the app can tell is not fast enough to actually work . even if you find some way to fake it out and make it try , it is only going to crash or play back so slowly that it will be unwatchable .
what you are doing is not recommended . there is a reason why app developers limit installation to select devices . namely : android version processor architecture/gpu chipset/board/ram screen size/density/resolution this is to ensure good , consistent , and fast user experience as much as possible .
you could pull the app apart using apktool an then edit the smali , but as mentioned in previous answers here , that would still lead to problems though . chances are the developers made the app that way because your device was not capable of playback . if you are really interested in trying to edit the app 's smali , have at it : https://code.google.com/p/android-apktool/
in general , apps these days are built to put as much as possible on the sd card in order to save internal space . some apps require being on the internal card for programming reasons , however . generally speaking you can let them manage themselves . otherwise you should keep all your own media , etc on your sd card so as to keep the internal one free for things like system caches , etc .
long-press on the search bar ; after a second or so , a trash can should appear at the top or bottom of the screen . drag it to the trash can . alternatively , you could drag it to an open space on another screen by dragging it to the left or right edge of the screen . the screen will flip to the next panel and you can drop the widget on any open space large enough to contain it .
i also faced similar problem . the solution is similar but key point is you also have to clear the download manager cache and force stop it . here is the guide if you want step by step help : http://techspalace.blogspot.com/2011/08/solved-download-unsuccessful-on-android.html
try going to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage Applications -&gt; All and clearing the data for the market ( you may need to force close it first ) , then reboot your phone . this has fixed a similar issue for me before . i think the poweramp issue is unrelated , their server is probably down temporarily .
answering my own question as found the solution . we can edit build . prop from mobile . i downloaded es file explorer which is free . then from optin set " root explorer " and set " mount system as read/write " now edit build . prop and save it using es file explorer 's editor then uncheck " root explorer " and " mount system as read/write " for safety . . hope it wil help someone : )
root explorer will not solve your problem any more than adb , although it is a great app . first , i would try making sure you remount /system as read-only after you push the modified file . if that does not work i would assume your bootloader is checking the file and replacing it when it does not match what it should be . to help you further , i think we need to know what phone you have ; please add that to the question . your version of android , name of your rom if it is custom , etc . will also be useful .
if you have root , it is possible , but not really recommended . if you do not have root , then you cannot . the file system is designed to be readonly and you can not add additional files to the system .
no idea , not using twitter on my phone ( @matthew read 's idea has merit ) open skype , hit menu , settings , uncheck notifications you do not want to see .
edit : you can re-add the same phone by going to https://www.google.com/accounts/smsauthconfig and hitting the edit link beside " android " ( the mobile application field ) . oddly enough , this link did not work for me in chrome but it did in internet explorer .
from what i can see , there is no way to re-associate a phone . it looks like your option is to disassociate/re-associate .
it is actually not the hardware at all . there is a special file in the android system called gps . conf . this file specifies the gps servers that the device will use . each manufacturer wants to use their own special gps servers instead of the main ones from google ( some have different values for different devices ) . this means that different devices connect to different servers for the same goal : gps tracking . this means 2 things for lockon time : the speed and hardware of the gps servers the manufacturer has specified will determine the lockon time . the amount of traffic going to those servers will also significantly affect lockon time . this is why many samsung phones have notoriously slow gps lockon times . additionally , some manufacturers specify gps servers that arent even on the same continent ( they specify one set of general servers for everybody ) . this means that if the servers are in europe , the lockon times will be better for people in europe due to low latency and the people in the us wont be so lucky . the fix for this is simple ( editing the file and replacing them with more region specific gps servers ) but this requires root access .
i too have a samsung galaxy nexus and i upgraded from cm11 m3 to m4 manually just one week ago . but i looked it up on my phone and there is an ota-update to the m4 build . other than that , you can find your current cm11-build under settings -> about phone and there it says in the entry named cyanogenmod-version . it should end with your device 's code-name ( depending on your specific galaxy nexus it can be either " toro " , " toroplus " or " maguro" ; in my case " maguro" ) . and that update in late february cannot have been the m4-build , because that is just too far in the past . the m4-build was anounced officially by the team of cyanogenmod on march 7th . i hope i could help you . ps : if you still do not get the ota-update , i would recommend you to flash it manually .
thanks for your answer . if looking into " about phone " , " build date " is " tue feb 25 14:46:23 pst 2014" and build number " cm_maguro-userdebug 4.4.2 kot49h installerxnpq09p release-keys " according to build date , i guess that is still m3 , right ? last weekend i tried to manually update , by downloading the zip file for maguro from http://download.cyanogenmod.org , but that ended up in a corrupted phone : phone app was missing , i was not able to receive calls home button did not work ( flashed when pressed , but nothing happened ) quick settings button in notification bar without effect and many issues more . . . . i now re-installed cynogenmod by again running the installer . build number and date are stated at the top of this post . i suggest that installer version is quite a bit slower in its release cycles , right ?
solved the problem by installing motorola device manager and re-plugging the phone . i felt so silly after finding that link .
it seems to be a software issue wherein the rom you are using simply does not record your calls . are you using a samsung original rom or are you using a rooted custom rom . if you would post more details about you software by going into system settings-> about phone and posting a screenshot of the same , i will be happy to help . you can also visit this website ( www.galaxys2root.com ) in case you would like to switch your rom in for a better one . i have a gt-i9100 and frequently use the same website to try different roms .
i had same problem . later i noticed that my phone 's date was set to year 1970 . i corrected date . and now the problem is solved .
well , delete all your google accounts restart your phone better re-insert the sim card . go to gmail create your account again then try opening play store . if it does not work sync again ! : )
the issue is not the browser or anything else , if you try to connect via the gprs ( mobile network ) it will not block . and to make it pretty sure , you can try to download opera mini v7 . then you will be able to see that it will load pages even when they are blocked . isps block site , as per orders of govt . or on their own . the issue is mainly because of that ! but still , you might try out opera mini , and check if the site is working for you or not . if opera mini is working , then their is some issue with the connection . if the problem persists , you might try to use some vpn . that is the only way to get around when the isp is blocking some sites .
since verizon is cdma-only in the usa , as long as your cdma reception is strong there will be no reason for the phone to search for gsm . if you find yourself in a very low/no-signal area , however , the phone may hop over to gsm to search , even though it cannot connect to any domestic gsm network . there is no real downside to switching this setting to cdma while in the usa , as long as you remember to make the switch back when you travel overseas .
this saves significant power on my d2g ; not normally , but when i go to these areas of sw wisconsin where there is all these valleys with no phone service at all , the thing just sucks power switching between cdma and gsm modes looking for service . it waits at least 30 seconds before starting a gsm search though , so if you do not lose cdma at all ( or just in little spots ) it will not affect power use at all . the phone has the ( so-called ) band lock on it ( which does not really block the bands , but does block us gsm carriers from operating on it at the radio firmware level . )
i use unison by mounting the android with sshfs . as ssh server i use sshdroid . but be warned , unison with sshfs is really slow . though with one single file it should not matter .
i have also followed the cross compilation root as indicated in chc 's answer i have released unisonsync that allows you to unison without dealing with the command line ( and without rooting ) on google play : from the proof of concept , which was quickly running , to a production ready app it took much more time than expected , but now it works and is very handy to sync my publications and datasheet repository .
a market search revealed afilesync which claims to sync files via ftp and also has support to auto-sync files . you will need to be running an ftp server on your own . there is also sk sync , but users have reported mixed results with it . obviously , before you try any of these programs / apps , please backup your files both on the pc/server as well as your android device .
you might want to consider another option here , if you want to use this for keepass password database . this will not work for other sensitive material , but since you asked specifically for keepass , here 's what i do : protect the database with the password ( i assume you have , already ) , and a key . this will give you a two-factor authentication ( "something you know " -- your password , and " something you have " -- your key ) . the password database can only be unlocked when both pieces are in place . copy the key to the local storage of all your devices , and give it some inconspicuous name . preferably put it in a crowded directory where it would seem like some configuration file or some random noise file created by a program . upload your database to a third-party storage service ( i use dropbox , but other options would work just as well ) . it goes without saying that the service should have an android client if you want to use it on your device . do not upload your key there -- use another method to copy it to the devices you need . dropbox in particular keeps a copy of the files you upload and then delete at least for a week for backup purposes ( quite convenient , i must admit ) , but if your key is on the server already , it is not more secure than a normal password-protected database . configure your keepass clients not to remember the location of the key ( remembering the location of the database is fine ) . in this way , you can upload your database to a random website , and even if your password gets compromised for some reason ( i.e. . keyboard loggers ) , you can only use the database from devices that have the key and now which file is actually the key . for convenience , you might want to have key-only authentication on a mobile device ( secure passwords are tedious to type on a mobile device , and you obviously do not want to use anything short and easy here ) . but i would recommend against this , as in this case the security is even lower than a password-protected database -- instead of a password you have in your head , you use a " password " ( the key file ) that is on your device . keepass does not give any hints whether it requires key , password or both -- which works to your advantage .
you may have found something you are happy with now but i have compiled a binary of unison that works on android - it is possible using the hand-waving instructions you are talking about - i used them to cross-compile the linux source within ubuntu 12.10 using the android ndk and with a few alterations to the code it is now working . follow the instructions at https://sites.google.com/site/keigoattic/ocaml-on-android and then you will need to do a few things . there is a file called pty . c in the unison source - find the following section : // openpty #if defined(__linux) #include &lt;pty.h&gt; /*#define HAS_OPENPTY 1*/ #endif  and comment out define HAS_OPENPTY 1 as shown . you also need to open ubase/util . ml and edit : let homeDir () = System.fspathFromString "/Your path here"  comment out from here : . . . to here ! then you will also have to edit makefile . ocaml and comment out # CLIBS+=-cclib -lutil as shown . and as far as i can remember that all worked . the other step once compiled is to mount your android system partition as writable and copy unison to the /system folder where all the rest of the shell commands are . hope that is helpful to someone . . . i lost a lot of sleep getting it compiled .
i do not know of anything native that does this . there are many file sync apps but all the ones i have seen are either unidirectional , or rely on the user to manually sync the file from the phone to the cloud . what you are intending to do should be possible with the dropbox api but i do not know if you are willing to create your own custom app that keeps watch over the specific files you need sync'd
i do exactly what you ask with foldersync . it is a very nice piece of software , with plenty of options and features . i use it as a personal dropbox alternative using sftp over ssh with keyfile for authentication . you can even set it up to automatically detect changes on the local replicas and trigger an immediate upload . on my phone i use it to upload pics on my server as soon as i take them , and it works just perfect .
http://smartphonebenchmarks.com/ that link is unverified nor do i know how scientific any of it is . but it was about all i could fine for multiple devices .
first of all , try to download and install the sdk on a machine which is comparable to the target machine . in this case , install the sdk on a machine with windows 7 , and not with xp ( also , because xp is risky due to end of life ) then copy the android-sdk-folder to your target machine . then you should siply be able to launch it with a double-click on the sdk-manager . however , if this does not work , try to execute the sdk-manager as " administrator " also , if this fails , try to connect the windows 7 computer to the internet and then download it properly as described here : https://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html if this is also impossible , try to give aditional information ( where do you have the sdk from ? is it the latest version ? where did you put it on the target machine ? etc . )
also , some devices show up as mass storage devices , only when usb debugging option is turned off . see if that helps .
i think the one on the right is the icon that shows you have an alarm on ( always shows when you have an alarm ) . the one on the left is a notification and should disappear if you dismiss the notification .
settings - apps - all , select the clock app and uncheck show notifications
under settings for the alarms uncheck " show icon " https://www.dropbox.com/s/l3xuk7cmipf98da/screenshot_2013-12-21-08-25-23.png https://www.dropbox.com/s/4rs4mx2elwi5npk/screenshot_2013-12-21-08-25-33.png
if you are rooted then use tool called " xposed framework " install it and download module named " gravitybox kk " install and reboot . finally go to gravitybox kk> > statusbar tweaks > > clock settings > > there will be an option called " hide alarm icon " ( check it , done ) hope it ll help you .
after much searching , i came across this thread on the xda-developers forum where people seem to be having much of the same issue with a nexus 4 . after trying several of the proposed solutions in that thread , i came across one that worked ! it turns out that android keeps a permanent record of the mac in /persist/wifi/.macaddr . for some reason , it insists on using the mac in that file whenever connecting to a wireless network . if you are on a rooted device , however , you can overwrite it with whatever mac you want . interestingly , this change will also persist across reboots ! so , without further ado , here 's how you change the mac permanently on an android device ( substitute 112233445566 with the mac you want ) :
i do not think your device is actually changing the mac . static coding an ip on your router will not do you much good if you do not have l2 connectivity . i had worked out a way to change the mac on my 2012 n7 by using busybox and the ifconfig command . try installing busybox , disconnecting from the wlan , then running the following as root ( substituting your mac , of course ) . busybox ifconfig wlan0 hw ether 00:00:00:00:00:00 busybox iplink show wlan0  does that work for you ?
not without either loading a custom rom that does not have these popups . these are probably " features " added for your carrier , so a more " generic " rom would probably stop them .
you might be able to prepare ( see below ) your phone for google wallet by modifying the following parts in feature . xml : replace with remove &lt;CscFeature_SmartcardSvc_HideTerminalCapability&gt;eSE&lt;/CscFeature_SmartcardSvc_HideTerminalCapability&gt;  add note , however , that this will only prepare the nfc service of your device to be able to interact with google wallet . there are still some more problems : google wallet will still try to detect your mobile network operator and will typically refuse to work if you use a verizon sim card . ( possibly even your phone 's verizon-specific model number might be enough for gw to refuse to work . ) same applies for getting gw through play store . i am not sure that google has the keys for access to the embedded secure element on any of the isis branded versions of the s4 . if google does not have them , it is impossible for google wallet to install any of the on-card components of google wallet into the secure element . thus , a secure element based google wallet would not work .
google voice allows you to record different greetings and switch between them or assign them to different callers , unfortunately the app does not handle these things so you have to manage those settings on the web (voice.google.com). there is an app called visual voicemail ( not to be confused with your carriers visual voicemail app ) , that works with phone fusion 's fusion voicemail plus service which replaces your carrier 's voicemail like google voice does and claims to allow you to change and schedule different voicemail greetings from their app .
even if the pure blackmart app is free of any malicious parts , there is still the danger that you will download an infected version . blackmart has no official page or download site , that is why you can not be sure about that . it is even worse because it needs root . those types of programs are usually not open-source , and therefore no one can review the code or even build a " clean " version . note : since blackmark is able to bypass the access restrictions for paid apps , it is is illegal in some countries . this is likely true in all countries where google sells apps on the play store . my personal opinion : a free game of modern warefare or gta is not worth the trouble and risk of using blackmart .
you can also run apex launcher from the app drawer of your default " stock " launcher . navigate to apex settings > advanced > set default launcher which will do the same thing - clear the default action and display the popup menu allowing you to choose from the launcher apps currently installed on your device .
go to settings > apps > click on the " all " tab then find your current launcher ( the one that is default now ) in the list . in the app info page you should have the option to " clear defaults " . click this and the next time you hit the home button you will have the option to select a different launcher .
i am doing the exact same thing , except with my captivate , and i ran into the same problems . to solve them , i use three apps across the two devices . on my n7 , i use tasker to detect when i lose wifi connection and use bluetooth auto connect as a tasker plugin to automatically connect to my phone . on my phone , i use bluetooth auto tethering , which automatically turns on bluetooth tethering when you start your phone . as a bonus here is a link to my tasker profile/tasks which does all this stuff . i think you can just import it into your tasker .
sorry , but in you phone there not sd card , and internal flash blocks can be rewritten , when phone works ( physical location of blocks are different from logical and phone record logs , change internal data , download updates ) . it is available chance with destructive methods ( read flash on programmer device ) , and much smaller with root you phone ( read whole memory ) , because any change of phone state decrease chances .
to add to bmdixon 's answer , go into settings on your old nexus 4 or current nexus 5 , select " backup and reset " and have a look at the top option there : back up my data back up application data , wi-fi passwords and other settings to google servers
did you backup/restore your settings to/from google ? if so , that is why you can connect to these wireless networks . one of the things that gets backed up is the wireless network passwords so when you restored them back on your new device it is able to connect . android has built in backup functionality . it offers to backup settings ( including wifi settings ) automatically from each device . when you go through the set-up on a new device it then gives you the option to restore these settings . if you had this configured ( i think it is enabled by default ) then your wifi settings would have automatically been backed up on your nexus 4 and restored to your nexus 5 .
you can connect to your wifi even if it has password with the wps ( wi-fi protected setup ) . if wps is currently pressed or on in your modem other device could connect to the network without using the password . .
plug the phone back into the pc . then use windows explorer and verify that your pc can see it . this will tell you if the phone is recoverable . if you can access everything within the phone , then it might be a dead screen .
i have found out through searches that this is the sudden death syndrome ( sds ) which many have reported especially for samsung galaxy s3 . it was the motherboard that was broken and replacing it brought the phone back to life .
how to get into recovery mode unplug the usb cable . shut down the phone . hold down the ' home ' + ' volume up ' buttons and press the ' power ' button for about 5 seconds to enter recovery mode . how to get into download mode ( eg : for odin ) unplug the usb cable . shut down the phone . hold down the ' home ' + ' volume down ' buttons and press the ' power ' button for about 2 seconds until a warning ! screen appears . press the ' volume up ' button to enter download mode . to get out of download mode , simply press and hold the power button until the phone restarts .
building on redjax 's answer : in tasker , you can create a Task -&gt; Action -&gt; Alert -&gt; Notify that is triggered by the notification . just check the permanent box , and add an action that opens up the application in question .
assuming i am understanding your question correctly , you want a " pinned " notification , meaning a notification that stays in the notification bar after you tap it and open the app in question . if i am correct , you might want to look into apps that let you create your own notifications , like the app custom notification . this could clutter your app drawer a little bit though ; i know referencing tasker without a specific task is poor form , but you might check into the tasker subreddit , and tell them exactly what you are looking for . someone might be able to recommend a profile that pins a notification to the status bar until you are done with it .
in the application , click on the ' tasks and memos ' area . there should be a Task list button ; click on it . there , you can select and deselect the lists you want to show . if you only wanted to show a single list , you can uncheck the rest of the lists and click Close . now , this is not designed to be used to quickly show and hide lists . rather , it seems more like a preference . if you want multiple lists and the ability to quickly load just one on demand , i would recommend an app designed specifically for lists , such as list master . i use jorte , but only for my calendars . it is not well suited for separate lists , but rather a simple todo list .
it is a " permission and privacy " thing . while the .apk does not have any privacy concerns involved ( and thus can give read permission to everyone ) , the data do , and thus the directory is only readable by owner , group , and root ( not by " other " , which is what you would need -- " other " has only execute permissions ) . ls -l / | grep data drwxrwx--x 25 system system 4096 Jan 28 17:51 data  which means : specifying the file directly , you can pull it ( as it has the required file permissions , and the directory permits you to cd into due to the set execute bit ) . specifying the directory instead fails , as this would require to change ( cd ) into the directory ( which works ) and build a list of files contained -- which is impossible due to the missing read permission on the directory entry itself .
izzy 's answer is good and well explained . building on that , if you are root , you can open root explorer , navigate to /data/ and change the permissions on the app folder . simply long press the app , tap Permissions , and next to other , check the appropriate box ( es ) .
i could not stop it ( or do anything at all ) from settings -> applications -> manage applications -> all -> samsung push service . i opened " samsung apps " and it prompted me to upgrade . after that had completed , i went to settings -> about phone -> battery usage -> samsung push service and chose force stop , as it still seemed to be running heavily . upon powering the phone off and on , the app started up again , but no longer keeps the phone awake . i see it is now running version 1.1.4 , which may have fixed the problem ?
i accidentally downloaded the push service and , as i have not a clue what it is for , i followed the instructions in this forum and it seems to have uninstalled . possibly , i am mistaken but it is worth a try .
the only way to get this to work was for us to do the following in our exchange server . create a new exchange activesync mailbox policy in the client access organization configuration . make sure that require password is disabled for the policy . go to the mailbox of the user in question , in the recipient configuration and open the properties for the mailbox . in the mailbox features tab , select exchange activesync and open the properties . select your newly created activesync mailbox policy and confirm your selection . you might need to remove and re-add the the account on your phone to make sure that it no longer asks you to set a password .
my work account limits me from using pattern lock . the way i get around it is by using swype and a password that is a real word , that way you swype the pattern of the word to unlock your phone . get swype from beta.swype.com.
i managed to record with the help of built in app . go to Messaging app-&gt;Attach-&gt;Record Audio .
there must be an . apk floating around somewhere . my cyanogenmod 4.2.2 has an app in the drawer named " sound recorder " .
i suspect the Sound recorder could be just a component that is used by several apps , such as Google Now and Voice Search . if you take a look at the list of apps , there are also others that can not be run directly , such as MusicFX , NFC Service , Search Applications Provider etc . , most of which take exactly the same amount of space , 12.00kb . note that this is just an assumption , i have no further proof .
here 's how to run it : open your app list . go to voice recorder . open it and record .
this app has no inbuilt gui link on many builds . you can use the app sound recorder shortcut by kn inc to access it through a shortcut though . the app needs no permission . the recordings are saved on the sdcard in path /sdcard/ . the files names are recording* . 3gpp . the recording was just ok though with some amount of background noise .
using sero 7 pro with jb 4.2.1 i found the recordings listed as " recordingxxxxx " where the x 's were an autogenerated numerical sequence . recording files are saved as * . 3gpp on /sdcard . i have played them back using the player integrated with es file explorer .
here http://www.androidpolice.com/2013/02/22/download-latest-google-play-store-3-10-14/ you will find download links to the play store in this site
i found a plugin ! when i first looked , i did not realize locale plugins were compatible with tasker . the plugin is called " locale gtalk plug-in " by billy francisco . i have a galaxy nexus with ics , and it appears to be working fine ; my status was set properly by a task . there is a nearly identically named app , " locale gtalk plug-in free " by willem stoker ; reviews warned it includes air push advertising , so i did not install or test it .
oled screen are very bad for burn in and colour leaking ( even worse that plasma screens in alot of cases ) en . wikipedia . org/wiki/screen_burn-in and so leaving them on the same screen for some time would not be a good idea you might also find the general life of the device shortened because of the hardware being used all the time , but unless you are putting the device under stress im sure it would be fine . the battery would likely weaken over time as well due to the constant charging
you can root your device without replacing the stock recovery or rom . however , if you ever want to flash a different rom you will need to flash another recovery like clockworkmod or twrp . you can even run the stock rom with a 3rd party recovery but you most likely will not be able to take ota os updates since those require the stock recovery .
this advice from xda seems to be working for me . check if you have a process by name media running in background using settings> apps> running apps . inside this process , if there is a service running called mediadbmigrationservice then stop it immediately and it will resolve the issue to large extent .
having had no better suggestions i did try a factory reset and it seems to have resolved the problem entirely , indeed the phone ' feels ' new . whilst it is annoying , it is been over a year since having the phone and it only took about an hour to factory reset and restore important files , so it is not the worst solution out there .
a couple of things here : widgets use memory . the more widgets you have running , the more memory will be consumed thus slowing down the unit the more applications you have that will give ongoing notifications ( i.e. . twitter clients , weather apps , etc . ) the more memory will be used . some of these have to run as a background service to function on another note , i have found that if i am in an area where the signal is poor ( or i guess in this case where the phone thinks the signal is poor ) not only does my battery get used up faster , but it seems to slow my phone down . i think , and i do not have data to back this up , that if the phone struggles to find a signal it does degrade performance .
well , it sounds like you do not want to monkey much . ( otherwise i would recommend rooting and then installing vanilla 2.2 , which is going to be the most stable of any release ) . it sounds like the problem you experienced is just a flat out bug and might not have anything to do with any apps you are running . on the other hand , are you using any task-killing apps , or battery saving apps or anything that might be screwing around with system processes ? if you are , i would recommend getting rid of them -- they are generally cause more problems in the long-run than they solve . if not , then i am not sure what to tell you other than file a bug report or call verizon and complain , but neither of these options will fix your problem . if the problem was at root a signal issue , there is a way to update cell tower information , which verizon can help you with . it involves dialing a number and allowing an automatic update . but , if you did want to monkey a bit , then i do suggest flashing the vanilla froyo . it is just a little intensive , but would not take you longer than an hour . if you want information in this regard , i can provide you with a website that includes step by step instructions .
you can try pressing the power button and the home button at the same time .
no - there is no way to get screenshot functionality on your phone without rooting it . if you want to carry around a laptop with you just so you can take a screengrab whenever you want , you can install the jdk and hook it up via usb . but if you want an experience comparable to the iphone process ( on device screenshotting ) , then you will have to root . as to why this is disabled by default , i have not found a good answer to that .
this functionality is available with the developer toolkit . the post is a bit old so newer versions of android will have different icons and slightly different menus , but it walks you through getting the tools installed and then being able to capture screen-shots . also the tutorial is for windows , but it should work with any os that you get the android dev tools running on ( windows , mac os x , and linux ) . how to take screenshots of your android based phone from windows
on android &lt ; 3.0 or on firefox v8 or earlier i think you still have to use the clunky , not-so-intuitive method . you swipe the screen to the left and it will reveal a sidebar on the right side of the screen which has the bookmark star . press that and it bookmarks the page . how they expected to you to find this on your own i will never know . on honeycomb devices with firefox 9+ ( currently beta ) you just need to press the little star icon on the far right side of the address bar . it pretty much works just like the desktop version . annotated screenshot for the right sidebar :
you can hide the top bar if you use a different launcher like @customizer stated , but it will only hide it when you are on the home screen . when you open apps , if they are not full screen apps , the top bar will still be present . this is part of " core " android , and it is not something that can be changed , currently , via a setting or 3rd party application .
it is usually not possible with the default home screen . this is possible with alternative home replacement like go launcher ex , launcherpro , adw launcher , etc . some of these allow hiding of the top notification bar in their respective settings with specific swipe actions .
create new google account . transfer existing play store purchases from your personal account to this new account . you need to contact google support/billing for that . its not just theory . . i have seen such transfer . use this new google account on multiple devices of family .
any music you have purchased can be downloaded as mp3 files . once downloaded , it can be uploaded to the google music service in another account . my wife and i do this with cds we have purchased and ripped to mp3 . ianal , but since you are speaking of your wife , your property is shared and your music is owned by both of you . this , however , does not work for the " all access " features google music . if i understand the terms correctly , that account cannot be shared .
you cannot separate the gmail from the playstore . you can let others use your google account to play music or download apps but they would also have access to gmail .
appears to be a sprint issue - call quality 's good again today . the lesson here is that there is always more to call quality than cell signal bars .
if you have already backed up whatever might be important on the sd card ( images , video , any special files and such ) , then you are fine to go ahead and manually delete the contents .
/sdcard is part of the android file system structure . this is where it mounts your external drives , the sd card . you should not delete this partition . but you can delete the content of the directory either using an app or using rm -fr /sdcard/*
answering my own question : i fixed it , and i am not sure how . i did several things , and i did them several times . can not tell which thing or combination of things worked , but here 's what i tried : removed the sd card . connected the phone to the pc without booting the phone . this took it into recovery mode , sometimes but not always , and i did not figure out why sometimes it went into recovery mode and sometimes it did not . from recovery mode , i selected and ran the factory restore option . removed the battery and left it out for several minutes . ( i kind of think this was important . ) eventually the usb error vanished , odin discovered the phone , and i was able to reflash the stock rom .
i have never used firefox for android , but if it is the same as other android browsers , then you should be able to create a home screen bookmark and choose which browser to open the bookmark in ( unless you previously saved defaults , then you need to clear the defaults first ) .
as i mentioned in the comments the twitter app does not seen to have an in-app browser so i am using the reddit is fun app instead since i know it does . i think that all in-app browsing uses a webview so it should be the same across all apps . the webview and chrome both use the webkit engine but chrome seems to use a more up-to-date one . i tried out sunspider on a few different devices and on the s2 with the browser . nexus 7 Running Android 4.2.2, Chrome 26.0.1410.58 Chrome: 1747ms (WebKit 537.31) In-app: 1720ms (WebKit 534.30)  nexus s Running Android 4.1.2, Chrome 18.0.1025.166, Chrome: 3443.7ms (WebKit 535.19) In-app: 4307.1ms (WebKit 534.30)  samgsung galaxy s2 Running Android 4.1.1 Resurrection Remix v3.8 ROM. Browser: 1488.8ms (WebKit 534.30) In-app: 1614.2ms (WebKit 534.30)  i ran the tests twice as i was suprised at the speed of the galaxy s2 compared to the nexus 7 but got roughly the same figures .
webpages can opt out of autofill ; intended to be added security for banks and other sites requiring higher than normal security . there are ways to circumvent this in firefox , chrome and ie but i have not figured out how to do it for android . whats the origin of the android browser code base ? that might be another place to look .
it could possibly be due to blocking cookies . if you do not accept the cookie it will never remeber who you are . check the setting for : menu-> settings-> accept cookies
use an app called loginbox . it is a browser that specialize in remembering the complete login process .
there are custom kernels supporting the htc logo as a button . you might e.g. want to check tbaldens kernel @ xda , which is available in different variants underlying the logo with different features : home2wake and htclogo2sleep home2wake and htclogomenu watch the videos over at xda-developers to see how it works . it is not the combination you asked for , but maybe that one was added later as a variant ( another dev continued with a fork in this second thread , which lists a few more details ) , or you can ask the dev to do so .
try calibrating your battery , it helped me a lot . i had the same issue , 100% , immediately to low 7% again 70% , like that . calibration means , it just removes battery_stats . bin from your /system/ and os will regenerate another one . this will remove any miscalculations . after calibrating , it is recommended to drain your phone to the fullest and charge them back to 100% . if you have rooted your phone , this is one right way . : )
you can call between avd 's . run 2 avd , each will have diffrent number - it is placed on window title bar , example 5558 . call from one to other using this numbers . you can also text ; ] in your avd you simply cannot use real celluar network because your pc/mac do not have built-in gsm modem ( even if , avd is not supporting this kind of feature ) .
sprint tells me that i need to pay for a hot-spot plan for $30 , but there has to be a way around this besides rooting my phone and putting cyanogen on it . sprint clamped down and disabled the previously free built-in tethering with the latest update . if you want usb tethering you can try pdanet , but wifi tethering will almost certainly require you to root , as it does on other devices . even with root , you do not necessarily need to use cyanogenmod if you do not want to , though ; you could just as easily install a free tethering app ( one example ) . this has been covered here a lot , in fact , so you might want to take a look at any wifi tethering apps noted in other questions . see also : is there a way to enable wifi-tethering without root access ?
i once got that on my xperia phone when i was transferring a 150 mb file over bluetooth . some things you can try : try transferring another file . if it transfers , send the other file . if your phone is too close to the other device try moving your phone away from it . turn off bluetooth , then turn it back on . pair the device ( s ) with the phone .
open google maps and search for the area you want to cache ( or just zoom in on it ) . tap the search bar . type " okay maps " ( some people report success with just " ok maps" ) in the search bar . tap the search icon you will be dropped back at the maps view , and you will see a notification that the area was copied to your clipboard or otherwise cached . now , even offline you will still be able to zoom down to the same level you were at on that map area .
you might want to take a look at little helpers like e.g. mapson free : offline map : offline gps travel maps . cache maps to sd card and use them when traveling without network coverage . this one fills gmaps ' map cache ( at least it did before it was renamed ; the current screenshots confuse me a little concerning whether that was changed , but it is certainly worth a try with the free version ; if that works out , you can still decide whether to " go pro" ) .
the best free offline ( google ) maps is ( rmaps ) . first , you will need to download mobile atlas creator version 1.8 , which allows you to download google maps of anywhere and any size , on your pc . unlimited . note : select map source ( google maps ) . zoom level ( 17 is good for cities ) . atlas settings ( format : rmaps sqlite ) . then create it . then , insall ( rmaps ) on phone . copy-paste the saved maps to phone memory &gt; rmaps &gt; maps . then , open rmaps &gt; settings &gt; user defined maps &gt; select the maps . it works great . i have all europe ( google maps ) saved on my phone . enjoy !
update : apparently there was enough of a hue and cry about it that they have added a button , although " ok maps " will still work . not the same as the old offline maps , but better than nothing i suppose . having come under fire for ( mostly ) removing the option to save offline maps in its new android app , google has pushed a new update that makes it easier for users to save local areas to their device . in a post on google+ , the company notes that its " engineering team has been working around the clock " to add a " make this map area available offline " card inside the app , mimicking the functionality of the ' ok maps " command . ( source : the verge ) at least i am not the only one who regrets the removal of this feature . the other problem with the redesign is that google ( mostly ) removed the option to save offline maps  a feature that was only a year old to begin with . power users still have a way to cache maps locally , however . daniel graf , director for google maps , tells us that the company 's engineers were just as unhappy with the loss of the feature as we were , so they built an easter egg . when you type in " ok maps " ( or " okay maps " ) into the search box , it will save a cached version of the visible map area locally . it is not as convenient or manageable as proper offline maps , but at least it is an option  assuming you remember it is there . ( source : the verge )
could it be , that for some reason--aliens , loch ness , etc . --that some of the apps have " show notifications " checkbox unchecked ? to check , go to settings-> aps-> whatever sms app and see if you have a show notifications checked . also , have you tried using hangouts as a replacement for texting ?
my guess would be , yes , they will work . as you know , when you develop an app you select the target android build for your app , which is the lowest version of android your app is " supposed " to work with . that being the case , your apps are targeted for 4.3 and should easily work on 4.4.2 . likewise , if you targeted 2.3 ( as many devs do ) your apps should still work . it is not guaranteed , of course , but i think you will be fine . as a side note , my galaxy note 2 recently received the new update and i have not had any issues with apps that were installed on my phone , and i am fairly certain they have not all been updated for kitkat .
there is no gurantee that they will work , but api compatibility when upgrading is a standing tenet of android . the odds are very high ( above 90% ) that they will work no problem . in the end , whether they work or not depends on you , as the developer . as an android developer , you should probably read the documentation released with new api 's for the features and methods you use . one way or another , you may need to upgrade to 4.4 as soon as you can - in order to address potential bugs that may pop up for your users .
after trying a few apps , i settled on kiescast by samsung . pros simple intuitive ui . has almost all settings that one would generally need without being overly complex . play speed from 0.5x to 2.0x . skip interval is configurable . very good podcast search . plays videos as well . cons sometimes cpu use goes thru the roof . loses the play position sometimes after the podcast is stopped . ad supported . can not complain as it is free but company like samsung should be able to support it without ads . moreover , while listening the screen can shut off and thus no ads . in video play mode i have not seen any ads as i usually watch video full screen .
my phone is working now . i have followed steps to bring my phone up : ( 1 ) removed battery from phone for 30-40 minutes . ( 2 ) insert battery to slot and press power-on button , that is it . " now , i do not bother about root cause "
i got a new phone and this issue seemed to resolve itself . not sure why it was doing it before , but it is not doing it now .
it sounds like maybe you added your gmail account to the regular mail app . so you are probably receiving notifications from both apps . if you are only using the " gmail " app then find the " mail " ( not " gmail" ) app in your app drawer and run it and see if your mail is in there too . if it is just delete the account from there and then you should only get notifications from gmail not mail .
" dialer codes " are divided into multiple categories : ussd and supplementary service codes : network specific , should work on any device ( "device independent" ) manufacturer specific codes : specific to devices of a given manufacturer device-specific codes : as the name says , specific to a given device system-specific codes : specific to a given device configuration what you are facing , most likely belongs to one of the last two categories . the galaxy phones come in different variants : area-specific ones , and international versions . so those can be counted as different devices , or at least different systems , as they not only have slight differences in their hardware , but most likely also different modifications in their software ; hence at least not all " sytem-specific codes " will work on all the different " variants " .
you have your answer directly on the link : " only a few are working " .
you should not trust such a list of secret codes , as izzy mentionned . if you want to have a valid list of secret codes available on your device , you should use an automated secret codes crawler . i recently developped an open source app that crawls androidmanifest . xml files on your device to found secret codes , and allows you to execute the secret codes available on your device . you can get it on the play store or on the github repository android-secret codes . but keep in mind that sometimes , secret codes are just executing themselves silently ( without visual hint )
you might be able to change fonts in the browser depending on your phone , whether it is rooted , and whether the phone supports changing the core fonts . if it does support changing the core fonts you will need to apply the fonts wrapped as an . apk ( there are lots available ) or do it manually ( but i suspect that needs root ) . there may be other explanations - but here is one which though poorly written is a pretty good explanation .
there is no easy way to do this . android ships with two fonts : droid sans and droid serif . they are used for , well , everything . in ice cream sandwich , it also ships with roboto , a grotesque font similar to helvetica and din . this will become less and less of an issue in the future as design-conscious web developers are using @font-face and serving up the fonts they use . also , keep in mind , those fonts you name are not free . they are " web safe " because they ship with windows . they are commercial fonts owned by microsoft .
no , official or custom firmware are only to be used with the device specified in its name using a different phone model may result in your hard bricking your phone is there a reason why you want to use a different phone model firmware over your own ?
gallery data may not be the main matter . the cache and ram have to be cleared . just see that ram is at least 40% free . uninstall / clear unwanted apps .
just go to settings --> more --> storage --> miscellaneous --> delete all data by check all file . before you delete all miscellaneous data make sure you had move the important file to external memory or pc . hope it helped : )
i was facing the same issue after the 4.2.2 feb 6 , 2014 update . did a factory reset and i am able to run applications now . the dialing and answering the call problem is resolved , but on the whole , the mobile still lags .
i was able to fix up the issue by clearing gallery data . go to settings --> more --> application manager --> all applications --> gallery --> . . . here you will see data reported in hunderds of mbs . press clear data button and once that is complete , you phone should be back to normal .
see if you still have available memory in your storage . shark for root will not record any packets if your device has insufficient memory .
short answer : yes more detailed answer : the file size limit is not something specific to android , it is a limit of the file system . it may " technically " be a bug in android though , as fat32 , which is what the file system is for the sdcard , should have a file size limit of 4gb ( ( 2^32 ) -1 = 4,294,967,295b ) but it looks like the filesystem on android is android is actually using a limit of ( ( 2^31 ) - 1 = 2,147,483,647b ) . which means they could be using signed integers , instead of unsigned integers for the addressing on the filesystem .
okay so after alot of research on xda i have finally fixed my phone . thanks for answering my questions sparks ! soo what i did was i deleted cache partitions and did a factory reset through cwm and i also deleted dalvik cache . then i put the new rom onto an external sd card and flashed it on my phone through cwm and now i have mr . x 's gingerbread . but sadly my phone is no longer unlocked so now i have to figure that out : ( if anyone has the same problem and uses this fix , i suggest using mr . x because his os is already rooted so it saves you the time . oh and btw i did get to keep my pictures : ) . also to anyone who does any type of flashing or anything through cwm make sure you make a nandroid backup before you do anything ! ! ! heres the link for mr . x 's gingerbread already rooted for samsung t989 telus : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1356739
wiping or performing a factory reset via cwm should not touch any of the data on the internal sd card . however , performing a factory reset from within the android settings will wipe all personal data on the sd card . use odin to flash a stable version of either the stock rom or one designed especially for your device . that should at least allow you to boot the phone normally .
i solved installing hackers keyboard of android market .
i solved this problem with this app https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=upsoft.keyboard.qwertz.de qwertz keyboard with key ' z ' on the ' z'place and key ' y ' on the ' y ' place , but it is only for german and austria
i had this problem recently and was finally able to figure it out . . . your keyboard is set on quertz ( with a z ) . . . change it on your settings " keyboard and languages " to querty ( with a y ) . that will fix the problem . good luck ! ! !
i had the same issue , and solved it by doing this : open keyboard and click the settings icon click input language uncheck any languages you do not need this fixed the problem for me .
had the same problem . go to settings -> applications -> manage applications -> all -> your keypad ( samsung keypad for me ) . force stop and then clear data . solved the issue for me .
are the y and z keys switched ? it sounds as if you have the wrong language set for your keyboard ( or your system , as it defaults to the systems language ) . some european keyboard layouts , possibly german , have a qwertz layout instead . settings > language and input > android keyboard ( settings icon ) > input languages
i solved this problem here in the uk by changing language to english ( ireland ) keyboard was fine and the mic icon said en again too not de which it had changed itself to . after that i changed bk to uk and it was fine too . weird glitch .
set up a child account on the device , this is pretty simple , there is an overview of that process here . you do not to sign the child in using a google account , it lets you skip these steps . assuming you want your kids to be able to download any apps you have already paid for , or want to be able to download any apps you buy them , sign into the play store on the child account using your main account 's credentials , it is probably worth also choosing not to sync all of the main account 's emails/contacts/etc . across at this point . you can then add a pin to the play store so that they can not buy anything with your details and also choose the maturity rating of the content they see , this will not affect the settings of the main account 's play store on the device despite the fact you are using the same google account on the store . from this your kids can access all your already paid for applications but thanks to the pin will not be spending any of your money , at least not without your knowledge , and you have not had to sign them up for a google account . any apps that they download also are not automatically put into your main accounts app list so you do not have to worry about them downloading a load of games and it filling your home screen a la ipad/iphone style . the downside to this approach is that your kids will be able to read your gmail , see your calender and contacts etc . a good solution to this is an app locker which restricts them from using these applications . i tested app lock and it seemed to do the job well . if you do not mind your kids not being able to download apps you have already paid for on your account and are not bothered about not being able to access any games you buy them then i think it would be worth signing up for a new main google account and adding your credit card details to this . you could then sign onto the child 's play store using this new account , set up the pin same and maturity in the same way as the last approach but this time you will not have to worry about them seeing your emails or any other information that is linked to your main account . for both of these approaches if you download an application on the child 's account with your main account selected in the store but have added the child 's email as well and then switched back to this on the store after the download the app will remain on the device and still be usable . if you want any more information , clarification or screenshots just say in the comments and i will add it or test it out if i have not already .
if you are happy to root your tablet , you can use multi-user app share . with this , purchase/install all apps for the tablet as the administrator user , then you can choose which of these apps is available to other users . this way , you do not need to set up an email address for each child , and the child will never have access to your account . if you give the child an email address in due course , then ( s ) he can access his/her emails without seeing yours . warning : multi-user app share is currently in beta .
if your children use your google account , you could install some kind of app locker to stop them opening the gmail app and reading your emails . the newer google play versions also allow you to apply a pin to purchases - which would probably be handy in this place . if they use your google account , they will have access to all the apps that you have purchased , but if they do not then they will have to be purchased again . if you do not want to use your email address/google account for your children , then you would have to make them one , if they were to use google play . you could keep the passwords , and install an app locker to prevent the gmail app from opening . the only issue with them having their own accounts would be that you would have to re-buy apps for their accounts . for your number 2 point , you can have an unlimited number of devices with a single google account - it will not remove apps from your phone , but it may download apps if they are backed up . to counteract this , you will have to make sure you untick the ' restore data from this google account ' option when setting up the google account .
another alternative if you have a rooted device , or are willing to root it , is appshare ( + ) . ( full disclosure : i am the developer ) . it mimics the method that google uses to enable/disable apps on a user account . you can install it on your primary account , and then select which of your apps you had like to " share " ( enable ) with each of your kids ' accounts . you also have the ability to " unshare " ( disable ) system or user apps . so you could remove the gmail app , or even the play store app , to prevent your kids from getting at stuff that you would not want them to . i have found that this works best when you remove system apps from a " fresh " user  i.e. one that has not had a google account set up on it yet . for paid apps however , you may  depending on how their licencing works  have to add the google account that you used to purchase the app , to the user that you wish to share the paid app with in order for it to work . the play store description explains what can be done , and some of the limitations , in more detail .
this is not a rumor : the notification history is a true feature from android 4.3 , although they do not make any mention of it in their what is new page . the following steps will allow you to take advantage from the notification history in a vanilla android jelly bean 4.3: go to your app drawer , then tap the widgets tab . scroll until you reach settings shortcut ( 1x1 ) widget . drag and drop this widget to your home screen . you will see a screen where you can select the type of settings this shortcut will open . select notifications . the shortcut notifications will be in your home screen , tap it . the screen notifications shows the notification history we are talking about . in this screen currently active notifications appear in full intensity , while dismissed ones are dimmed . tapping in each notification from this screen will open the corresponding app info screen , where you will be able to toggle the option show notifications as you wish . remember : if you turn off notifications for an app , its icon will disappear from the status bar , all its notifications will be dimmed in the notification history screen , and you may miss important notifications about this app from now on . only do this if you are completely sure .
that is the stock recovery screen . when you are on that screen ( with the ' dead ' android ) you need to hold the power button and then press the volume up button . that should get you into the recovery . if you install a custom recovery then you will not see this screen , it will go straight into the custom recovery . unless you need to install a custom recovery you can use your phone with the stock recovery .
you can see a list of all apps in Settings -&gt; Apps ( or Applications ) and then select the All tab to see factory-installed apps in addition to downloaded apps .
the exploit ( and fix ) android " master key " article describes the process of using the master key exploit to get elevated privileges with lots of technical details . the main point is that the exploit by itself does not give root privileges only arbitrary code execution as the system user , and another privilege elevation exploit is needed to get root privileges ( one well-known example shown in the article is writing ro.kernel.qemu=1 to /data/local.prop , but this attack is blocked in most android 4.1 and later versions ) . the article also provides download links for the cydia impactor tool which automates the master key exploit ( currently only up to getting the system user rights , not all the way to root ) . there are versions for windows and mac os x .
the exploit is patched into aosp , currently in cyanogenmod , its a matter of time before the update gets pushed out . it does not give you root privilege per se , rather it circumvents the signed key used to sign the rom so that an apk can pose as a system app , in which the installation of the apk bypasses the said signed key . as you have a nexus 4 , it will be a matter of time before google pushes that out . as for others , best to check with your manufacturer , not your carrier .
did you have the required baseband and did you use cwm recovery to install the zip file ? if yes , flash the stock rom again and root the phone , intall cwm and install v2 zip file first and then v2.5 . i have been using cosmic rom v2.5 from the past one month and do not have any issues . you seem to be having issues only because of some goof up during installation . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2503230 he has given the . bin file for the supported baseband . flash it via odin .
depends on your model . for most of the international versions such as the gt-i9000 , you can get it over the air ( a notification pops up , ir you can go to settings -> software update ) or through kies ( i recommend getting kies mini from samsung.com ) . froyo has not been officially released for some models including the us ones , however . i recommend a custom rom such as nero v5 for the t-mobile vibrant . the easiest way to find one is to go to xda and look and the subforum for your device . note you probably need root and rom manager ( in the market ) to load a rom .
looks like you can use llama to achieve this ( wow , llama can do what tasker can not ? or does tasker just not mention it in its manual ? ) . basically , it should work like this ( taking from one of it is screenshots on the playstore app page ) : when " charging at home " => enable wifi hotspot i know , that is not exactly what you described . but it should give you a raw idea . get yourself the free llama app from the playstore , and take a closer look at its possibilities . you might find a " rule " closer to your requirements there . alternatively , there are other automation apps available ( like e.g. the mentioned tasker ) . one of them might do the job better for you ( e . g . offering " usb connected " as condition , and " enable usb tethering " as action -- i would wonder if llama could not do that as well ) . at least , this example should have got you started .
but i am not using p2p ! => p2p in this context is not meant in the sense of " peer-to-peer file sharing " . it is a type of socket communication -- think of it as " point-to-point": one point is your device , the other might be the/your router where it should connect to . the error message you quoted can be found in the android code of wifi/wifi . c , in a part suggesting it is a wpa issue ( i am not an android programmer , so i cannot tell for sure ) . your problem was e.g. also reported in a german post at androidpit ( google-translated variant ) . the reporter there found an easy solution : resetting the router solved it for him . in case this does not work for you , more information might be found using this google search .
cdma phones do not use sim cards , that is the most obvious way to tell . ( some world phones are both cdma and have gsm hardware and sim cards , but that is not relevant here ) . most carriers are only one or the other so your carrier should be a good indication as well .
antivirus applications use special algorithms to scan , take apart and analyze files on your computer and network . if they are certain chunks in the files that it finds suspicious , then it gets flagged as malware . now , certain applications like one click root applications use hacks similar to the ones that some malware do . this causes the antiviruses to wrongly flag such software . most likely , z4root isnt infected but you can always use a secondary anti virus app to check or go on the xda forum thread and look for comments on infected files .
z4root is in fact infected . it is infected with an often used root exploit for android 2.2 froyo which allows you ( or any malicious app ) to gain root rights by executing it on a vulnerable phone . z4root is neutral if you have the original benign one however : it is only used to gain root . it does nothing else on its own . avg ( and other antivirus vendors ) flag this because it is a root exploit . they do not care if you like it or not and if you want to use it in a benign way ( to install lag fix ) . it bypasses android 's security by exploiting a known vulnerability and this is enough to label it as infected . to give an example : let 's assume some app piggypacks this exploit to gain root to be able to start wreaking havoc on your phone ( or with your data by formatting/wiping it . whatever ) .
my motorola defy has this capability . my phone is running android 2.1 . when you hold your finger over the text field , it will pop up a zoomed in window that allows you to move the cursor with your finger to edit text .
just download an app from the market called phoneusage . it will track how many minutes , text messages , and data you use . you can even view a break down of which apps use how much traffic , and it only tracks over 3g , not wifi .
the sync traffic for gmail/facebook/weather/ . . . is neglectable ( if you have normal text messages with small attachments ) . for skype voice calls , you should estimate 4-7 kib/s ( ~ 25 mib/h ) . users always underestimate the 1gb included traffic . i had the same thought , that it could get tight at the end of the month . but i forgot that : at home and at work my phone uses wlan and therefore does not utilize the data plan 1gb is very much , if you just do some surfing/browsing . ( of course , if you start downloading dvd images or some kind of torrents , the 1gb will be consumed fast )
what are these icons : mysterious icons on your start screen or ads clogging your notification bar is a way developers have to monetize their software . usually the majority of these ads come from mobile marketing firms that work with app developers for some way to make money from their smartphone software . there is an extensive article covering this subject at techhive : sneaky mobile ads invade android phones what can you do : you can use an app to scan and identify possible installed apps that are causing this on your device : airpush detector this is a simple android application which detects other installed applications which appear to use known notification ad frameworks and offers the user the ability to easily uninstall them . if your device is running android 4.1 " jelly bean " or higher , you do not need this app anymore ! you can just press and hold on notifications and your device will tell you who is generating them . addons detector addons detector detects addons used by your installed applications . it has all the tools to find push notification ads and icon ads . if you are looking for the app that uses airpush or other push notifications , you can easily find the app and uninstall . besides push notifications , using this app is a great way to see what advertising agencies apps use , and what tools they have integrated . not satisfied with the above apps : many more can be found with a search for airpush at google play store .
the generic answer is that ' you should install an app that scans other apps for modules that display ad notifications and install apps that you did not ask for ' . i had this problem and i solved it by downloading such a program and scanning all my apps . sure enough , something i had installed recently was loaded with modules that do these things . if i am allowed to say the name of the program i used , it was called ' addons detector '
i had the same problem . the easy way to do it is to remove all those icons . after this , check for default page on internet navigator , sometime changed to some google like site . go to settings -> applications and look for any application you installed without google play . delete every suspicious application . i think you will be done with this . : )
i know the K stands for kitkat , but not sure what the others mean . you might want to check the codenames , tags , and build numbers documentation for more information . KRT16M would refer to android-4.4_r1 , the Initial KitKat version, Nexus 5 (hammerhead) .
per this : . . . the first letter is the release family ( e . g . kitkat ) , second letter is the branch code ( release or testing ) , and the next three characters indicate date code ( quarter beginning in q1 2009 , day number within quarter ) .
no ; a device-side app can not force the pc to share its internet connection . one option might be to connect the device and mount the storage to the pc , so the data could be uploaded to a website or emailed . this has its own issues -- depending on the pc os and the particular phone , drivers might be needed -- but it should work in some cases .
the easiest way : if you had rather not receive notifications , you can disable some or all of them . here 's how : click ' settings ' at the top of your friends list . highlight ' notifications ' along the left side of the settings window . uncheck the boxes next to the notifications you do not wish to receive , or check the box next to ' disable all notifications . ' click ' ok . ' source : https://support.google.com/talk/answer/24742?hl=en alternative methods : if you are running jelly bean , you can go to the app details , disable the app and uncheck the option to show notifications . click here to see how . if not , you can do one of the following things : root : root your phone and install titanium backup . you can uninstall google talk so it will not bother you again . non-root : delete the app by running an update script which removes the app . click here to view how exactly . you should only delete the /system/app/Talk.APK .
in the android terminal , you can enter the command mount to view what has been mounted . for a graphical extended view and to view if it gets mounted at boot , you can install the shareware app ezymount .
my notepad ( aka com.example.android.notepad ) , resident of motorola xt317 ( android 2.3 ) , has a sqlite database living in the phone . download it with adb pull /data/data/com.example.android.notepad/databases/note_pad.db ./Documents 
i did some research and found out that this was pre-installed either by huawei , or my telecom , as it resided in /cust/tata/in/app . the notepad app is too bad as it does not allow anything else other than adding and deleting notes . i solved my problem by manually opening each and every one of the notes , selecting all of them , tapping " copy " and then going to a file manager to open a text file . i then pasted it there , and saved them one by one .
if you have saved the previous version 's .apk , you can re-instate it . that is why i have appmonster pro backup restore installed and running : it captures each and every .apk installed , so i can always revert to a previous version . if you do not have the old .apk available , and you are talking about a free app , you can check android drawer for a previous version 's .apk . download it , make sure you have unknown-sources enabled in your settings , and launch the .apk e.g. from a file explorer . this should install the ( old version of the ) app without you losing any data .
you can " recalibrate " face unlock by switching to another type of lock screen and back , as this causes a new reference image to be taken . meanwhile you can unlock the device with secondary measures ( either pin or pattern unlock ) .
yes it should work , since the face recognition technology in android ics is designed to match the face with the help of points of recognition as shown bellow . majority points will be applied on the facial parts . so it should recognize your face .
you can first try to do this : go to setting > manage application> google playstore > clear data if that wont stop your problem , you can download backup apps from many other sites on line . try 1mobile market or mobomarket etc . if your phone is rooted , try titanium backup http://www.papktop.com/titanium-backup-%e2%98%85-root-5-5-0-1.html you need to enable ' unknown sources ' in setting > security tab in order to install apps not from play store .
yes many people experienced problems . have a look at : http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/google+mobile/thread?tid=1c21a7e3690388b0hl=en where a google employee is asking for information on the problems people are having and asking them to submit bug reports . here 's the generic bug report link for nexus s with ics : http://support.google.com/mobile/bin/request.py?contact_type=android_bugreport
you can connect through adb and run a backup , does not require root , however the process is different for different phones .
peculiar . on my gs3 on 4.1.1 , it saves the font size ( i.e. . after closing and opening it again , it is the same size as i set it with the volume key . this may wipe your messages ( find a way to back them up if you had like them ) , but have you tried clearing the messaging app 's data in application manager -> all ?
you could perhaps download a font from the google play store ? i have seen some fonts packs up there . e.g. https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.develop.plugin.fontfeature=search_result#?t=w251bgwsmswyldesimnvbs5kzxzlbg9wlnbsdwdpbi5mb250il0 . some of these will more than likely require your device be rooted . or you can change the size of your phone 's font . to do that go to settings\display\font , you should be ably to manipulate the font . was not much to go on so i hope this helps .
just had the same issue on a note 3 . i was resizing the font by " pinching " the screen . it would not save ; i am stuck with the huge font . so , i used the size volume key instead to resize the font . now , everything works fine .
i have a gs4 vers . 4.3 i had the same problem . but the use of the volume key solves my issue . resized using volume key while in the messaging mode . viola !
i notice this annoyance too . looks like the best solution is to enable volume key text resizing , and leave it enabled . once you disable it , the messages app resets the text size to the huge ( on the galaxy note , that is ) font/bubble size . this will not be noticeable on other phones ; the real cause is that the gnote is big , which is what all gnote owners like about it . : )
are you using google navigation ? search by voice speak your destination instead of typing ( english only ) : " navigate to the de young museum in san francisco " .
there is a new app in the market called " google voice text reader " or " txt2speech " . this will read your google voice text messages aloud . unlike " talkback " , it will not announce every single touch / event etc that happens on your phone , just your google voice messages . https://market.android.com/details?id=com.mikesell.voicereader
you can not do this with google voice . apps such as talkback can only read what you have on your input box . since google did not open their api , we can not really make an app for google voice . you could always copy the message content to your input box but that kind of defeats the purpose of having the feature of text-to-speech .
if in your settings for google voice , you enable the feature to have your voicemail translated to text , then you have the option to : send an e-mail notifying you when you get a text or voice mail , then your reader will read your e-mail notifications and you will get your google voice messages and text read to you .
if you have a stock android phone , or certain more recent versions ( i think gingerbread on ) , then you can use talkback ( either as a separate app or in the accessibility settings ) , which does generic text reading on your phone , and should read most things . it does read any notifications which come through , which should include google voice ( though i am in the uk so i can not actually test this ) . it is designed for blind or partially sighted people , and may not be a perfect fit , but it possibly the best option out there so far . if you want something that does generic reading , then it must be an accessibility app , as only they have permission to read the text from other apps . i do not think google voice exposes an external api , which is why you are not able to find an app which specifically offers this capability .
i just found es file explorer which seems to do what i need , and a little bit more . this looks pretty promising . i will report back if i have any issues with it , but for now it seems to answer my question .
you can log into a windows box using remote desktop , and use the windows interface to delete files like you normally would . the rdp app i use is called remote rdp . you could also do something like install iis and create yourself a simple webpage that would list the files and allow you to click a button to delete them .
on my tablet i use file manager hd . i have shortcuts saved in its left-hand bar that take me straight to the right folders in the shares of my server with username and password saved . one click on the shortcut takes me straight to the relevant content folder , and then it is a long press on a file or folder to rename , delete or move , which are the three things i normally want to do with media files after watching them .
you can always put the files on an sd card and transfer them to your internal storage from there , but as was said in the comments , if something happens during the process and you are unable to boot your phone , the only way to recover from that is to reflash it from the computer , using the usb cable . you can use titanium backup to back all of your apps up onto the sd card , and hopefully you keep everything you can backed up through google , but you still would have an unusable phone if something happened .
does the galaxy tab 10.1 usb adapter allow you to plug in an external web camera ? no and if it does not , are there any tablets that do ? Acer Iconia Tab A500 it all depends on the kernel configuration . you can install custom kernel on any device to make it to allow external camera . it is a lengthy process and involves rooting the phone .
it does have a dedicated 2nd microphone for active noise cancellation according to gsmarena .
the samsung galaxy s2 does have dual microphones . however , if using gingerbread ( 2.3 ) , the device only records mono audio . using ice cream sandwich ( 4.0 ) though , the device can record stereo audio at about 130 kbps with a sampling rate of 48khz . source : gsm arena
well after an hour of searching around for how to revert the hosts file , i gave up . ( i kept having permission denied errors ) . so i downloaded adfree again ( turns out that is what i had before ) and clicked " revert " .
are you using a custom rom ? it may have adblock enabled behind the scenes . as a work-around , try the ad block remover .
looking at what the app does , and the fact that it needs root , it looks like one of the methods that it uses to block ads is to make changes to the device 's central hosts file . 1 2 this changes the way that dns works on the device so that any requests by an app to connect to certain internet servers are given a bogus ip address , and the attempt to talk to the ad serving server fails . in fact it looks like adfree downloads and uses the mvps list of hosts file entries list of host file entries ( the file is available for download here ) . based on that i would assume that what is happened is that when you were using adfree it downloaded that list of hosts file entries and saved them into the central hosts file on your phone ( this would require root access ) , but when you uninstalled the app it did not undo the changes it made to the hosts file . if you just want to be able to connect to admob servers to test your app then you could edit your hosts file to remove just google 's admob servers from the list , it looks like they are all called something .admob.com . alternatively you could edit your hosts file and remove all entries from it that point to 127.0.01 , which should set you back to a default setup , with nothing being blocked . more on editing your hosts file here : guide to editing /etc/hosts .
turns out the procedure worked . the imei is blacklisted by the foreign network at the time of the test .
i am not entirely sure about that , but i think you can do the same if only the game supports it . the game has to make use of google play services to do the same . look for it in the game options . i am a programmer so i know a bit . : )
cross device save as explained by boggartfly , is to be enabled by the game developer to use google play services . however , if the game does not support the feature , you can always sync the game 's data saved in /data folder of android across the devices . unfortunately , that tends to be a root-only option , since reading/writing from/to /data folder requires root access . if you are willing to root your device , datasync allows syncing of data across devices over wifi/bluetooth/google drive/dropbox/nfc . it is easy to use once you have understood the mechanics of it . this applies to all the applications on your devices not just to games .
as @mathew read already said , since your starting again clear the old app data . settings > applications > manage applications > select the messaging app choose ' clear data ' and also ' clear cache ' . if not you could also factory reset the phone .
google image search seems to be doing something funny with the way it shows you image previews . what you need to do is when you run your image search you should see the grid of all the picture results : tap the picture that you are interested in and it should appear larger on a black background . when that first loads you should see something that looks a bit like a toolbar above the image . the toolbar disappears after a few seconds , just tap the image again to get it to reappear . you should see a view full size " button " if you tap that the image appears actually full screen and now you can long-press on it and save it as normal .
check this Call settings-&gt; Auto screen off/on during calls or just clean the proximity sensor with cloth
in gmail app i think there is no way to change the display format . you may try k-9 mail . it is the good email client for android . it is incredibly powerful and 100% free k-9 mail is an open-source e-mail client with search , imap push email , multi-folder sync , flagging , filing , signatures , bcc-self , pgp , mail on sd and more !
a screen should appear after you plug the device into your pc , when the device 's usb connection is in " mass storage mode " . make sure to enable usb-mass storage there . this options unmounts the storage from you device and exposes it to the host pc .
here are some instruction for your question : log in as administrator account in windows or any other account with administrative privileges insert your removable disk into the usb port . click start , now right click on my computer and select manage now , click disk management right click on your removable drive partition and select change drive letter and paths under disk management ( you can find your drive easily through size ) change the drive letter some other drive letter like x : or z : which is not reserved by some other drive on windows . done : ) to read more about this try looking : http://www.techyv.com/questions/pc-asks-insert-disk-drive-d
the easiest solution would be to simply remove the battery . as far as i know , holding down the power button on the galaxy nexus does not force it to power down .
digging through the logcat , immediately after the com.android.browser activity is launched , i found a " fatal signal 11 ( sigsegv ) " in vold , the volume daemon that handles storage . lots of other storage related issues in the log too . so i checked the virtual device settings one more time and noticed that the sd card size was not specified . i had assumed that the default settings should work , but apparently not . i entered 2 gb for the sd card , restarted the emulator , and the browser works fine now .
there is no default sound recorder in android . some manufacturers add one to their stock roms , but the closest thing on a nexus device is google keep , added in 4.3 . if you assume that a voice recording app is present in all android phones you will be caught out .
is there something wrong with the default keyboard on the device ? very odd though that would be marked incompatible for you since it is such a basic app and by google . there are lots of ways developers can put filters on their apps however can even omit specific devices , countries , and carriers if they choose . there are few options you can try from here http://www.howtogeek.com/138500/
i heard a while back that all of the text messages you send get kept on your sim card . i just did some quick research and i guess it is true : http://www.pimall.com/nais/phonefilepro.html http://hiddencameragear.com/cellphone-sim-card-file-retriever-recover-calls-texts-history-and-more these devices will allow you to see the contents of the text messages and also the sender and receiver . if you are looking for a way to do it through your android device , then it would be a lot more work . you would have to try to do a data recovery on your hard drive ( which is a lot of messing around ) . even if you did do a data recovery , the chances of you getting any of your text messages back are slim , and if you have encryption enabled forget it .
fastboot is when you enter fastboot mode , by powering up with volume up key pressed . then fastboot devices would work . why are you invoking the recovery on its own via adb shell ? the recovery binary is reliant on the startup scripts used within the recovery partition unless the partition is messed up . recovery only works by powering up with volume down key pressed at the same time . the vital details are missing from the question . : ) what device are you trying to fix up in respect to getting into recovery ? how did it happen ? what did you do ?
what version of android ? 4.0 ? i just came across this myself , but when i try to run just about any command as root from the shell . i have found some threads that talk about it being a permissions issue with su and it says to chmod it to 06755 but that did not correct anything for me . you can try running $ strace recovery and see if that gives any information on what is going on . you can also try c:/&gt; adb reboot recovery and see if that allows you to reboot .
your system is corrupted , so you will not be able to run adb just now . first assure you have installed your device drivers ( look here if you are on linux ) and fastboot works . then you can use fastboot commands to try solutions
try pointing your web browser at 1.2.3.50 you may be able to turn off image compression or use adblock for firefox/chrome to blacklist the bmi . js file ?
you can perhaps run noscript ( firefox plugin ) and put the ip address as the only thing in the block list .
would the same thing happen if you used a vpn ? your isp would not be able to compress images if it did not know what the traffic was , right ? i found setting up a basic vpn to be pretty easy ; if you have a win 7 pc with an internet connection ( or a willing buddy with one ) you can set up a quick vpn using this guide : how to configure your computer to accept incoming vpn connections in windows 7 . with that working , try connecting to your vpn both from your tethered laptop and from the android phone itself . if it works you could investigate a more permanent vpn solution .
in firefox get add on " modify header " then go to extensions then go to modify headers click on options and add cache-control then no-cache .
there is a setting under accessibility options for mono audio . i have not tried it yet , but it may be what you want .
one can use ffmpeg : avconv -i input.mp4 -c:v copy -c:a libmp3lame -ac 1 out.avi avconv -i input.mp3 -c:a libmp3lame -ac 1 out.avi 
a lot of bluetooth headsets only play mono sounds , though you generally will not get the sound quality as you do from a wired headset .
you could use poweramp . it has tons of sound settings including a mono option .
the problem with understanding any physical buttons on an android , is that they are extremely hardware dependent . usually they are connected to some gpio port on either the application processor ( ap ) or cellular processor ( cp/modem ) , and on some devices ( mtk , qualcomm ) these are combined in a soc . in other devices , there is a separate touch screen mcu , that can also be used for some keys . so without knowing your exact hardware and its configuration , it is impossible to answer your question . your best chance for success in understanding , is by downloading the sources for your device/kernel and look in there , in combination with finding a service manual that also show some schematics . edit : here is one block diagram : and here is another :
they are all electromagnetic waves with different wavelengths . there had been no scientific evidence that they are dangerous in the power level used in common appliances , and many researches shows no evidence of danger in the short term studies , however many countries adopts the precautionary approach and advises people to minimize exposure just in case since long term study and study in children has not been conclusive yet ( these kind of studies takes a very long time since they follow their subjects for decades ) , although preliminary results suggests that long term effect may also be of no danger . you are probably more likely to be killed in a car accident then getting a cancer due to mobile phone radiation .
while it is unfortunate that the pin for encrypting the device is identical to the unlocking pin , encryption does still provide much more protection . there are ways to recover unencrypted data without unlocking the device . the main scenario encryption protects against is from an attacker removing the drive from a stolen phone and recovering data with forensic tools . there are some other scenarios in which encryption will protect your phone . if you have usb debugging enabled on a pre-jb device , an attacker can use adb to access data . on jb+ the computer accessing the device via adb must have been already authorized by the phone . additionally , an attacker could use an exploit to gain access over usb and even get root . unfortunately crypto will not protect you much in these scenarios because most people keep their devices on with the encryption key in memory at all times , so an attacker could still access the device over usb if debugging is enabled or use an exploit . so yes , you should encrypt your device with a strong pin/password if you do not want your data in someone else 's hands . edit : grammar/clarity
the main difference between an encrypted device and an un-encrypted device is that a code must be entered every time the device is booted on . does that simple layer of security add any benefits to your everyday life ? that is a question only you can answer . otherwise there is not much of a digital security benefit . the encryption security feature seems more practical in a theft situation . it would make it almost impossible for the everyday thief to use your private information against you . hope i helped in anyway . ( :
you could always use an app like this : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.nick.cryptfs.passwdmanager i use it on my phone and it works very well , just make sure you read the instructions and keep them in mind . your phone also has to be rooted for this app to work though . i would say it definitely makes your data safer if your phone ever does get stolen !
encryption only becomes valuable if there is a risk that an attacker could use a software vulnerability to bypass the login screen . there have been some examples of this due to vulnerabilities in various apps ( e . g . viber and skype ) and devices ( samsung ) but presumably those flaws have been fixed by now . new vulnerabilities could however appear . if you have developer option usb debugging turned on , or if the device is rooted , there are many hacks that will bypass the screen lock ( here is one example ; there are many more discussed at xda-developers forum ) . however , on a factory default device ( no root , no developer settings ) of recent manufacturing and android version there are no known hacks that i am aware of that will bypass the lock-screen , except for occasional software vulnerabilities such as those mentioned above . on the other hand , if let 's say for example instead the encryption key was different from the pin code or password then encryption would definitely be worthwhile , because a possible scenario could then be that an attacker could obtain the pin code or password ( e . g . by reading the unlock pattern on the screen or brute force cracking the pin ) , but still would not be able to access the data on the phone since it would be encrypted with a very strong ( and different ) encryption key . note that if you have a rooted device there is a way to apply an encryption key that is different from the pin code or password . please see neopran 's answer .
i have ended up using tasker , it is trivial to create a task to kill a specific application ( google chrome ) , than add a shortcut ( widget ) to that task on the screen . edit : i have actually created a task that not only kills chrome , but restarts it afterwards as well , all in one click :
get a process killing app from the market like ' advanced task killer ' , it will allow you select which processes you would like to kill and then do so by clicking a single " kill " button . warning ! ! of course forcibly " killing " a process is not recommended as it can break your application ( think of what would happen if a process is writing to file and then is suddenly terminated , you could end up with a corrupt asset ! ! ! ) or even , in worse conditions , harm your system . you will either have to wait for it to close by itself or just use a different browser . so the answer is yes , but do not do this .
try starting it in safe mode and see if the led still acts up . . link - http://www.myvusers.com/forums/samsung-galaxy-nexus/10880-safe-mode-galaxy-nexus-samsung.html
do not think you can do that with the stock messaging app . might be best to install an alternative app to do that . there is three alternative popular ones available from google play . there is handcent-sms , go-sms mentioned in the tags , also there is chomp-sms as well . as for permissions yeah , that is a tricky one , as long as they do not have the over-usage of permission demands , you should be pretty ok . as an off-topic , i do know that in cyanogenmod , there is a setting to deselect the permissions as required for each and every app you install , for example , an app called ' foosms ' - uncheck ' read sms ' , the app may bomb out with an security error exception due to the said permission being revoked . incidentally , there is cm7 available for europa via madteam .
you can simply download yahoo ! mail and manage your e-mail as you want .
as roxan already pointed out : what you want is imap for all your e-mail accounts , configured with an android client ( e . g . k-9 mail ) .
if you scroll down the menu bar you can switch from sound to vibrate to silent to sound . this is easy enough for me , is not it ? andreas
it is not possible using the power button long press for the device options menu in 4.0.4 on sg2 . it always reverts back to " vibrate " when changing silent mode , albeit it is possible to press the volume down until it goes into vibrate , and then press volume down again . this takes a bit of time , though , and does not work unless you are past the screen lock . imo , in a perfect world , this should only take one action . conclusion wait for a version update above 4.0.4 and hope they fix this bs . ( also , i friggin ' hate people who think their phone is silent during meetings or seminars , and their phone just keeps buzzing and buzzing and buzzing . it is #*@ ! ing android trolling ! ) hack the only hack i have found to make it work with the power button long press is going to setting > sound > vibration intensity and setting ringtone vibration to zero . however , i am pretty sure that turns off vibration globally , and you will still see that annoying icon for " silence with vibration " when you use silent mode trough the power button . : ( fastest way to mute wipe off the screen lock . flip down the curtain of the notificaions menu , then double tap the sound icon . that will bring you from sound to vibrate , and finally to mute . or get a widget for muting .
i own a xperia phone with ics 4.0.4 , and have no problems going into silent mode ( mute ) . quick ways to go into silent mode ( muting the phone ) : holding the volume down until vibrate mode , then releasing the volume down and pressing it again once more until silent mode ( mute ) holding the power/lock button until a screen appears , then selecting silent mode ( mute ) other ways of muting the phone : going into the Settings &gt; Sound and selecting Silent Mode &gt; Mute going into the Settings &gt; Volumes and completely sliding down the volume bar for calls via Ringtone &amp; notifications
&lt;cynical&gt;  to me , it sounds like one of the many voodoo tweaks for every os . you will find that a loud few % of users will proclaim it is effectiveness . the silent majority will not if there was an effective way to improve sd card speed then i am sure the clever engineers at htc or wherever would have implemented it . some of the " improvements " posted appear bogus : you can get 66mb/s read from an sd card ? no : you can read from the cache at that speed . non-cached access will be normal sd speed of course for example , post 588 &lt;/cynical&gt;  also from xda ( actual title , btw ) : increasing readahead in a not completely retarded manner
here 's the original xda thread . basically , it shows a fairly significant improvement for some devices . 2048 kb might not be the best setting for your particular device , so you might want to experiment . i am running it on my device and noticed a minor improvement ; it certainly was not harmful . i am not 100% sure but i would think it would not increase wear .
try lockbot pro - it has support for pattern lock or pin entry . but on eclair devices , it does not always work 100% . ymmv . also supports different themes and locking methods .
phonelocator pro has wipe after a number of unsuccessful attempts . lock device after 1 min/2 minutes . . . . .
depending on your needs , you may consider an applock program . it does not lock your phone , but it may provide the same purpose by locking any apps you want . for the particular app i use , smart app protector , ( my version is from amazon ) you can configure it to have unlimited retries ( which is the default ) , and you can configure it to use a pattern or pin . you can configure the relock delays as well , so you are not entering in a pin or pattern every single time you open a program .
you might want to take a look at soundabout . one of its promises : detect or ignore that a headset has a microphone when plugged in . only used if the headphone/headset plug in/out detection is set to allow . which to me sounds like what you are looking for .
it depends on the phone , the operating system , and apps installed on it . older android phones do not activate the microphone unless it is required by an app ( e . g . phone , voice dictation , etc . ) newer phones such as google 's nexus 5 or motorola 's moto x for example , have a dedicated low-power audio processing module that can be configured to be always on , and listen for particular trigger phrases ( e . g . " ok , google " ) , even when the phone 's screen is off . there are some 3rd-party apps that mimic this functionality on phones without the dedicated sound processors , but at the expense of higher battery drain . generally such features can be disabled within the system or app settings . the religious implications of using a phone are up to you and your particular sect to determine . such discussions are out of scope of this site .
your phone 's mic will be turned off all the time . . it will be activated only when apps which uses mic for working for example talking tom , voice recorder etc and only when making calls
press the back button then the home screen button its kind of control then print screen on a desktop
if you are in an app , and push the back button , you will back out of the app . however , hold the back button , then go to the app while still holding the back button -- then press the home button , and you will have your screen shot of the app .
you are supposed to hold the back button for a long time , and then press the home button . when you hold the back button for a long time it does not close the application or take you back . this works from inside applications and even when the screen is locked . just try pressing the back button long enough .
i found a way ! first things first , hold onto the home button , and do not let go . then press the " back " button while still holding on to the home button . place another finger on the " back " button . you should now have two fingers holding both the back and home button . with your other hand , lock the screen and turn it back on . after unlocking the screen , go into the message thread you want to copy , and then take your fingers off the home and back buttons . voila ! the screen will capture the messages and you do not have to worry about backing out of it .
see these other two , older questions , about how to take screenshots : taking a screenshot of an android phone ? and can i screenshot my htc legend without rooting it ?
heck my 2 youtube videos about getting around hardware screenshots : http://www.youtube.com/user/improtherapy#p/a/u/0/yzlm6ayxdxw
as others have noted android does not support hindi ( or any other language that requires complext text layouts , except for arabic ) . here is the relevant bug post for hindi on gingerbread : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=12981 you can achieve some form of readability by installing a hindi font , but it will not shape properly . if you can not live with that , than you will need to install third party apps that support hindi . that said , the galaxy 5 and galaxy 3 sold in india ( the indian variant ) does have support for hindi , but not the galaxy s ! bug samsung about it .
you do not need to install fonts , if you want hindi to browse hindi websites . use sett hindi browser : https://market.android.com/details?id=lk.bhasha.sett.hindi it is an exclusive browser for hindi and it displays hindi well in any device having android 2.2 or above .
this xda post has instructions , summarized below : install hinkhoj dictionary and then go sms pro . open go sms , go to " appearance settings " hit " scan fonts packages " go to " conv . list customization " from " conversation list appearance " , choose " time and message font " and select " hindi hinkhoj dictionary " . it will automatically choose the " mangal " font . press the back button 3 times and choose to save the settings . now go to " conversation customization " from " conversation appearance " and change " incoming font " and " outgoing font " the same as above , and save this setting with different name . finally from both of " conversation list appearance " and " conversation appearance " apply the user defined settings as your saved name . exit the application and reboot your phone .
unfortunately samsung has not installed hindi font on the indian variant of the galaxy s . but there is a workaround . for this you will need root access . you can replace the droidsansfallback . ttf file which is located in /system/fonts/ on your phone with the font mentioned in the first post of this link http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=798380 . restart and enjoy . : )
there is no support for hindi or any other indian languages built-in , in all android versions up to and including froyo ( 2.2 ) . gingerbread ( 2.3 ) does support hindi as a language according to this post if you are looking for a hindi keyboard , you will need the hindiime apk from samsung - they are usually installed on phones that samsung sells in india . as a workaround , use opera mini for android - it renders unicode devanagiri fonts correctly .
you can not have email push notifications over pop3 . it is an old protocol and simply does not support push . it does not matter what client you use or what kind of mail server . if you can set up outlook to access gmail through imap instead of pop3 , and if outlook supports imap idle for push notifications , then you will get push notifications . otherwise , you might have to use a mail client that does support imap idle , such as k-9 mail .
it sounds like the bootloader on your tablet is still locked . by default , most android tablets will only boot and run stock recovery images and roms , for security . it verifies that the rom is signed by the original manufacturer ( or the carrier , for carrier-branded devices ) . you need to unlock the bootloader to let it know you want to run an unofficial image . see the bootloader-lock tag for more details , and a starting point to find out how to unlock the bootloader on various devices .
there was an app that i had a while ago , i think they removed it from the market , but i found it here : tricorder . it is a little cheesey and geeky , but if you are in the first section ( "grav" ) it will show you the direction vectors from the readings it gets from the accelerometer . it does some other cool things too , but for your diagnostic purposes , it should work well ! update : here 's a screenshot of what you are looking for . i took this while holding my phone horizontally , and you will notice the " y " vector is 0.040 . it kept moving between 0.080 and 0.000 . i would say if it is much more than 0.150 off , you probably have a hardware issue . here 's the reading i got at ~0.500 . to get this reading , i held the phone horizontally and lifted up the left side almost a centimeter . here 's the screenshot , if it helps :
my phone is working on 4.1.1 and i downloaded and installed the application , it worked fine . no problems at all . xda seems to be a reliable source . i used it to type this answer and i am going to uninstall it as i have paid version of swiftkey . i will post a comment whether it uninstalls or not .
the autoshare app in the android market can do this . once this app is set up , it is 100% non-interactive &mdash ; you do not have to edit the email or click a " send " button . everything gets filled out and sent in the background . this is a major benefit ! however , the app requires you to set up an email server/password/userid to do that . with gmail it was a breeze to set up . i do not think this app uses the gmmail app &mdash ; it connects straight to google 's smtp server .
the following is a solution that will work if you are sharing images from the browser . this will not work in the gallery though . unfortunately i am not aware of any custom share apps that add to the gallery 's share menu . install bookmarklet free ( it allows you to add services to the " share " menu , including custom ones ) . to make a custom " mail to yourself " bookmarklet just open the app and create a custom bookmarklet that has the following for the starting url : https://mail.google.com/mail/?view=cm&amp;fs=1&amp;tf=1&amp;to=YOUR@EMAIL.COM&amp;su=SUBJECT  replace your@email . com with the email you want to default send to and replace subject with the subject . leave the rest of the fields alone . now in the browser if you are looking at an image you can long click it and choose share and choose your custom bookmarklet .
as per my comment , rename the contact for yourself to " zz " .
try blitz note . i have developed it exactly for such cases . it allows you to sketch an idea and instantly send it to your email . if you cannot find it on google play , here is the shortcut : http://volidar.com/blitznote
what if you backed up all your data using titanium backup / mybackup pro or some such app , then unlocked the bootloader and finally restored the data ? that would then leave you with ( after some effort ) an unlocked phone and your data .
unlocking the bootloader will wipe your device . you can however get root access without unlocking the boot loader . if you then still want to unlock the bootloader , as you already have root access you can follow sparx 's advice and use a back up app before doing so .
have you considered going back to stock rom ? you can flash it with odin and all your data will remain intact .
i think you should just flash another rom . you will still have all your data on the internal sd so no need to worry about that . this would wipe your /system . so what you want to do is follow the standard procedure of installing a new custom rom and you should be good to go without any data loss ( eg . pictures , videos etc . you still lose any app data not backed up on the cloud ) . a great site with recommendations which i use for my own phone is galaxys2root . some rom recommendations i can give you from my own personal usage are aokp jb mr2 , resurrection remix v5 . try to avoid the ones with battery drain issues and you should be fine . going thru the phone log with your phone not booting up is a hassle which is unnecessary in this case . just do the above and you will be fine .
one method to install an application without sd card is to use adb tool ( android debug bridge ) . it is a tool for development . it will let you install your apk file using console . what you have to do : install adb tool to your computer connect your device to your computer with a cable copy apk file you want to install to the folder where your adb tool is . in this folder you have to find adb file . start your console - terminal ( on linux ) or command prompt ( on windows ) from your console you have to go to the folder in #3 - to do this use cd command type command " adb devices " - you have to see that your device is connected . type command " adb install myapplication . apk "
send yourself the apk through gmail ?
in my case the problem appears to have been caused by the " manage locking " section of juicedefender . turning that off solved the problem .
if you have any custom lock screens , un-install them . this will make the annoying behaviour stop . at least it did for me . there was some funky systems settings between the lock screen app and next launcher that you get prompted for . this made the default lock screen come up ( not the one i was trying to use ) . to recap , this happened with the next launcher ( very good , btw ) , go lock screen and stock android 4.1.1 unrooted on the samusung galaxy note ii ( rogers - like at and t ) . hopefully this helps someone pin down the real reason this happens .
as your phone is rooted , you could use titanium backup to backup app and data . then uninstall viber , re-install it , check if it works , and use tb again to restore only the data . keep in mind that when a mis-configuration is the cause of your problem , after restoring the app 's data your problem might be back . in that case , simply repeat the operation , but do not restore the data , if you want the app working again . of course , in that case your chat history would be lost ; but you might be able to manually pick the data from tibu 's backups .
this is an easy problem to fix , i believe @bryandenny already mentioned it . go to the stock android messaging app . click the overflow menu button down in the lower left hand corner ( it looks like three boxes stacked on each other ) . select " settings " from the pop-up menu ; should be the first option . under " multimedia ( mms ) messages , uncheck the item that says : " group messaging- use mms to send a single message when there are multiple recipients " .
i can see two major problems with this . android 2.2 does not support usb host mode out-of-the-box . this means any external usb peripherals like your modem are not recognized by the android device . although some successful attempts were made to shoehorn this functionality into several handsets , the process is not easy to say the least . it is only been developed for a few phones so far , and would take quite an effort to port to your specific tablet . depending on the target device 's kernel 's availability of source code , this may not even be possible at all . even if usb host is achieved , the android drivers for the modem would need to be obtained . a quick google search does not return anything useful , which means the drivers would need to be written from scratch . without the aid of the manufacturer , this may prove to be an impossible task for a hobbyist developer . unfortunately , it looks like you are stuck with using your tab 's built-in wifi for data connectivity .
no . if you have a custom recovery that supports adb / root , you can boot into it and use adb to remount /system as read-write and push the missing file over . but otherwise you do not have access to most of the phone .
like al said , it is most likely a hardware problem , but to address the title question : you can roll the notification area up with the back button .
just enter these codes in dial pad . the moment you type the last # key it will automatically open a window with information . ( no need of hitting dial button ) these codes have been confirmed working on galaxy s4 models . *#06# imei number *#0*# test screen *#0283# audio loopback *#2663# firmware and update versions *#12580*369# software and hardware info *#0228# battery status *#2263# rf band selection *#9090# service mode *#7284# uart modem pda *#8736364# update settings *#7353# quick test menu note : none of these codes work on android 4.3 !
you should not trust such a list of secret codes , simply because secret codes are not only device specific but mostly app specific . secret codes are generally defined by the applications installed on the device . if you want to have a valid list of secret codes available on your device , you should use an automated secret codes crawler . i recently developped an open source app that crawls androidmanifest . xml files on your device to found secret codes , and allows you to execute the secret codes available on your device . you can get it on the play store or on the github repository android-secret codes . but keep in mind that sometimes , secret codes are just executing themselves silently ( without visual hint )
download the latest recovery image for your device : international htc one x at and t htc one x connect your phone to computer via usb cable . boot your phone into bootloader and issue : fastboot flash recovery path/to/your/recovery.img boot your phone into recovery . mount sd card to usb in twrp recovery or use adb push to copy your custom rom . zip file to phone . install your custom rom from . zip file in twrp . extract boot . img from root of your rom . zip file to your computer . connect your phone to computer via usb cable . boot your phone into bootloader and issue : fastboot flash boot path/to/your/boot.img restart your phone to see if it can boot okay now .
have you enabled searchify as a ' searchable item ' under the global search settings ?
you might need to reset the battery stats anyways . drain the phone entirely -- when it shuts off , turn it on again until it shuts off again and repeat until it will not turn on . then wipe the stats and charge to 100% with the phone off ( leave it plugged in for an hour or so after it appears to be fully charged ) . turn it on , drain it again , and charge to 100% while off again without wiping the stats this time . of course , if you are not rooted you can not wipe the stats , but the drain/recharge cycles should help regardless by providing fresh stats .
you can use microsoft 's ews api which is open source for android by doing the following steps : download the source code available in the url : http://archive.msdn.microsoft.com/ewsjavaapi ewsjavaapi_1.1.5 . zip make the changes to above api to work for jdk 1.4 in eclipse like remove override annotations , etc . download source code of javax . * package available in below url http://www.java2s.com/code/jar/j/downloadjsr17310srcjar.htm jsr173_1.0_src . jar . zip download source code of stax api available in below url , http://dist.codehaus.org/stax/distributions stax-src-1.2.0 . zip keep all the sources under the single java project in eclipse open the project explorer and select the package which are starts with " javax " and rename to your company name ( e . g . , com ) . note : eclipse will ask for all the naming contexts will change then click ok . export all the java sources to one single jar file . then you good to go to use the jar in android application with out any problems . i used the same way explained above and it worked in android application 100% perfectly .
jwebservices for exchange is java api for microsoft exchange 2007/2010/2013 and office 365 . the api offers complete exchange web services functionality including the ability to create/update/move/copy items and folders , search items and folders , send messages , send meetings requests and more . supports jdk 1.5+ and android 1.6+ .
previously i have used sizable send to transfer very large videos from my phone to my boss 's . you can send them the download link via email or text . alternatively , if the video is not very large you could use dropbox in the same way depending on the file size it might take a while to transfer .
email , or if not cloud storage or instagram direct messaging . if you are close you could also do bluetooth .
i do not think you should need to use losetup , however , if you are using android 4.2 , the path to your sdcard may be the issue . in android 4.2 , that has been changed due to support for multiusers on tablets . you would likely need the full path rather than the " shortcut " that has been set up for simplicity by android . that path would be /storage/emulated/0/nandroid/...data.img . but , i believe android will support mounting it directly with the mount command ( it is what i have used a few times in linux , although , i have never tried in android ) . mount -o loop /storage/emulated/0/nandroid/...data.img /mnt/wherever keep in mind , you will need to be root and the directory you want to mount it to needs to exist before you run the command . and when you do mount it , if you mount it over a directory that has content in it , it will prevent access to that content ( it is not gone , but unaccessible until it is unmounted ) .
if you do not insist to mount them directly into the local file system , but just to access their contents , you might want to take a look at nandroid browser : nandroid browser has a really simple purpose : extract and use single files from your nandroid backups . browse your nandroid backups save files anywhere send files open files currently supports nandroid backups stored as yaffs2 images ( . img ) as wells as ext4 images ( . ext4 . tar ) . a second candidate turned up after i found the first : nandroid manager : view basic info about your nandroid backups . explore contents of nandroid backup . extract files from nandroid backups . ( more features listed ) . needless to say that those apps of course need root . but if you have a nandroid backup , you surely will have root as well , right ? : )
android updates have nothing to do with what network the phone is currently on , or what sim card is inserted . the updates come from whoever you got your phone from . if you bought your phone from a carrier , they almost certainly customized the os to include their special apps ( a . k.a. bloatware ) , and sometimes to limit features like wi-fi hotspot . for that reason , the updates have to come from them , and of course this adds some delay to the process : once the manufacturer has the update ready , they supply the new source code to the carrier , who has to update their special features for the new version , and go through another round of tests and qa . carriers do not have the same software expertise or resources as oems , so this takes longer . if you did not buy the phone from a carrier , then it'll be running an os provided by the manufacturer , so updates will come from them directly . for nexus devices , this means the updates come straight from google . in your specific case , if your galaxy note came without a sim card , i guess you did not get it from a carrier , in which case you will get the update from samsung , as soon they make it available for your region . if you did get it from a carrier originally , you will get the update from your old carrier . either way , your new carrier has nothing to do with it , because they did not provide the os in your phone .
solved i guess it auto downloaded :d
try sliding the notification bar down , then long press on the ' new voicemail ' notification . there should be one option " app info " , go to this and clear cache and data . if your version of android / device does not support the long press notification , go to Settings &gt; Applications &gt; All &gt; Phone ' phone ' may be called ' dialler ' or similar on varying devices . clear cache and data . warning some devices ( very rarely to be honest ) tie your contacts to the dialler application , or your call history , clearing the data may clear some or all of these . ensure you have backups to be 100% sure that , however unlikely , if something goes wrong you have what is important . it is very unlikely and i do this all the time to get rid of that notification , but it is always better to be safe than sorry .
i tried localsync , and it worked fine . pros : - it does not simply " migrate " winmo to android : it actually establishes a sync relationship with your windows pc/outlook - does not share contacts with google or other clouds ( privacy safe ) cons : - you must have outlook installed on windows
i just transfered my contacts from my htc touch pro 2 to my samsung galaxy siix . you need to install the blutooth file tranfer program for android , then pair your two phone , and then send your contacts to your android phone using the winmo blutooth explorer program .
you can use myfunambol . setup a funambol account at http://my.funambol.com download the funambol cab install file to your windows mobile device ( that is actually running windows mobile . you can get the cab file by going to the email tab in your funambol portal and selecting download ) install funambol ( onto window 's mobile ) sync your contacts with the funambol server by launching funambol and entering your funambol portal account information download the funambol android application ( from funambol forge ) put the . apk file on your sd card in the /storage card/androidapps folder . if this folder does not exist , create it . boot into android by running android from your program menu or by manually running haret . exe once in android , bring up the application menu . open the funambol application . press the menu key and tap on settings . enter your funambol portal information . click sync contacts and let it sync your contacts . source : http://www.myhtcphone.com/import-contacts
it is pretty easy , because your android phone will sync to google contacts . sync your windows mobile phone to your computer ( outlook , outlook express , whatever you normally sync to ) export your contacts from there to a csv . ( go to file menu on the top left in the out look , click on import and export , click on export file to , click next , click on comma separated values ( windows ) , click on next , click on contacts , click on browse select drive and folder where you want to save file , click on next . ) you are done use google contacts to import the csv ( import is in the upper right from http://google.com/contacts ) wait a couple minutes . all of your contacts will show up on your android phone soon !
an even simpler method ( at least for me ) would be to first sync your contacts in winmo to google sync ( active sync settings are : server : m.google.com, use ssl , username and password are the same as other google services (username@gmail.com-format) and contacts must be selected in the data selection ) and then on your android phone you should have automatic contact sync enabled by default . did this with my htc touch hd and motorola milestone/droid , took a couple of minutes , and everything on the android side went completely automagically .
you could also try vcardio which uses the funambol code and runs on an android phone off the sd card . export from outlook and copy the file to the sd card .
i do not work for sprite software i did a search for the following phrase on google : " moving windows mobile contacts to android " one of the hits was sprite software who makes the following application : spritemigrate , it is free and purports to backup your stuff to a backup file and then you use a second program on your pc to convert that backup file to android-ready format . sprite migrate apparently saves the following information ( from their website ) : what do we migrate ? contacts call logs sms bookmarks much more coming soon . . . i have performed step 1 already and am in the process of performing step 2 , once i pick up my phone tomorrow ( evo ) , i will try step 3 and report back on how successful i was .
you can use windows phone qontact ( i am the developer of this app ) : http://www.windowsphone.com/en-us/store/app/qontact/e3404be4-324f-46e3-b47d-5561c676cad6 it can export in many format like vcard readable by ios or android app . just send the contacts by email and open the attachment ( gmail or hotmail account ) . the free versione can export about 200 contacts ( including photo , the solutions that use cvs exports does not ! ) . . in case you have more contacts you can use the pro version : http://www.windowsphone.com/en-us/store/app/qontact-pro/047163c0-04cb-4d28-aec3-01115c3769b3
i had a similar question where i wanted to switch from azerty to qwerty . i think the same suggested free software ( from the answer ) will serve you well ( like it did for me ) .
swiftkey x supports the feature you are asking ( english with azerty keyboard ) . try out their demo . after you have installed the app , go to the settings of swiftkey . go to " languages and layouts " next to englush , tap on the little keyboard icon . then choose azerty . you will now have english autocorrect on an azerty keyboard .
if you want to try to download and install an awesome rom for your phone , you should read this : http://www.cyanogenmod.com/devices
not officially , and not without voiding your warranty . you would need to install a custom rom , of which there are several , the most popular of which seems to be cyanogenmod .
the problem was the difference in unlocked bootloaders between e610 and e612 . finally i ended up using the few seconds before the reboot to write the backed up bootloader and recovery back via dd . wow i hardly often do backups , but this time it was quite helpful .
go into the settings app . choose security , then owner info . uncheck show owner info on lock screen .
there are a couple of phones that support usb host mode . you could check the compatibility list of the app " dslr controller " over here : http://dslrcontroller.com/devices.php in the column " how to connect " are links to an adapter cable which enables you to connect a camera to your phone . if your phone is listed there or you verify via outher sources that your phone supports usb host mode then you could try one of the cables listed there . after that you would need an app that enables you to mount the camera storage so you can access it . today i ordered one of those cables and will try to connect a cardreader to my phone ( samsung galaxy s gt-i9000 ) . will post further updates once the cable arrives .
have you tried using light flow ? it does the what the same thing as the custom rom does and instagram is on their list of support apps for their pro version .
i noticed that the problem is with the word completion feature . just set it to hide all suggestions and it will stop annoying you . the option to hide is available in the android keyboard configuration .
i downloaded a different keyboard then disabled the aosp keyboard in settings> apps> all apps> android keyboard aosp> disable . if your really screwed like i was you will have to scrole through the top apps in the market until you find a keyboard to download since you can not search anything .
solution : install proper version of " google aplication " . cm 10.1.3 needs gapps 20130812 . read : http://wiki.cyanogenmod.org/w/gapps for more info .
here 's a few tips for troubleshooting : go to system settings > apps > click android keyboard ( aosp ) . clear data . clear cache . if that does not work , and you have a custom recovery , reboot into recovery and clear the entire cache , clear davlik cache , and go to advanced > fix permissions . other than that , you could try uninstalling and reinstalling from google play or downloading a different keyboard .
do not have a windows machine handy but look in the microsoft site advises , ( for windows 7 ) : autoplay lets you choose which program to use for different kinds of digital media , such as music cds or pictures from your digital camera . show all to turn autoplay on or off when you turn autoplay on , you can choose what should happen when you insert different types of digital media into your computer . for example , you can choose which digital media player is used to play cds . when autoplay is turned off , you are prompted to choose what you want to do when you insert digital media into your computer . open autoplay by clicking the start button picture of the start button , and then clicking control panel . in the search box , type autoplay , and then click autoplay . do one of the following : to turn autoplay on , select the use autoplay for all media and devices check box . to turn autoplay off , clear the use autoplay for all media and devices check box . click save . n.b. it is almost always a good idea to turn this off as it stops malicious code on cds/dvds/usb keys/etc from being able to run .
adding on @steve 's answer : you can also disable only the autoplay action for your htc . you can access the autoplay menu directly from the start menu by writing Autoplay in the search box . in the autoplay menu , you will see ( probably near the bottom ) a line corresponding to your htc , where you can choose no action
try to connect the phone as mtp device > under the usb connection settings . should help !
shared apps are stored only once on the device ( with just the data and settings part being specific for each user ) , so whenever one user decides to update a shared app , it gets updated for all users ( source : heise . de ) . as usual with some of the real important details ( see : google backup ) , there are no details ( or even manuals ) describing exactly how it works . however , the announcement page holds : users can install and uninstall apps at any time in their own environments . to save storage space , google play downloads an apk only if it is not already installed by another user on the device . if the app is already installed , google play records the new user 's installation in the usual way but does not download another copy of the app . multiple users can run the same copy of an apk because the system creates a new instance for each user , including a user-specific data directory . ( emphasis mine ) it is left open at what point this applies . but if it applies at the initial installation , it will certainly be the same with updates ( as the heise article linked confirms ; to those who do not know heise : it is one of the leading tech magazines in germany , and well trusted ) .
the log in user is always a user . you have to invoke su to run specific commands as the root user , and su will not work unless you have rooted your device to gain access to the root account ( imagine it is password prtoected and you have to crack the password ) . to gain root access on your device , check out how do i root my device ? root explorer and similar apps will automatically invoke su when they are able to . the superuser app can be used to control access to su , so that you do not have to worry about rogue applications elevating themselves beyond your user permissions .
here you have some info about root on android device and how to get it : http://www.reddit.com/r/android/comments/dfy5x/all_how_to_root_your_android_phone/ as far as i see you have htc desire phone . it looks that easiest way to get root is to run program from this website : http://unrevoked.com/
the setting is available in google translate app : open google Translate &gt; Settings &gt; Speech Input italian would be set to Default Dialect . just set it to Italian (Italy) ( or the corresponding option ) and re-check .
vruemk2 - is not bootloader unlocked . so no cwm and custom roms for this . you only have root via saferoot method . there is not a known bootloader unlock yet for the past 2 or 3 ota releases .
i used spareparts+ to set compatibility mode off , it really works . but , in 4.2.1 , spareparts+ seems not working . i am still finding some way to set compatibility mode off in 4.2.1
your only option is to contact the developer of the application via the contact email in its google play page . the only compatibility option ics has is a way to force accelerated rendering . this can be found under the Developer Options section of the Settings app . based on your description , though , this probably will not resolve the scaling issue you have , besides possibly speeding the app up a bit .
it is just because , under some circumstances , flashing can take a while . you really do not want your device shutting off while it is being flashed ; it can brick the device . the calibration for the battery is stored , yes , but usually it gets adjusted within a few charges of the phone . it might be a little inaccurate for a while , but it is not a major concern .
i do not know if it could be your case , but if your phone is connected to your computer with ums ( usb mass storage ) enabled along having a custom ringtone stored on your sd card ( /ringtones folder ) instead of mtp this will give you this kind of problem . the phone will use a default ringtone since it cannot access the sd card files , because the ums mode requires exclusive access to the mass storage .
do this : boot into recovery wipe cache wipe dalvik cache wipe them again install your rom the first successful boot afterwards is going to take a while , as it is rebuilding dalvik cache . if you are not boot looping here , just let it go for a long while . if it boots a while and reboots , wait some more .
it works . game closure ( which is html/javascript ) runs on ouya . there are some posts by staff members on the mailing list . it takes some work to get controller support as of writing ( they are working on making it available out of the box ) .
if you root your tablet , there are reverse tethering apps that will allow you to use your pc 's net connection via usb . one of the apps in the play store is free , and another offers a free trial , so you may give them a try . it appears this working is hit or miss , but since this is a nexus device you may be in luck ( being vanilla android , not some carrier or manufacturer 's possibly locked down version ) .
it depends on game . some games allow you to download the data off phone and extract it to your sd card at the said location of the game instruction . i remember doing so for few games myself . if the game instruction does not have anything like that then you have to manually find out what file it downloads from where and put it in relevant place in sd card .
no android does not saves your custom words from the dictionary of the keyboard in your google account . normally default keyboard does not automatically sync your personal ( custom ) dictionary . but you can email it or make backup of it in sdcard . setting -> keyboard -> personal dictionary or setting -> keyboard -> keyboard type ( eg htc sence input ) -> personal dictionary
the android device manager application has access to many device permissions . some of those allow it enable gps capabilities in order to find out the device 's current location . once you enable it on your phone , you can log into adm 's web site , and provided your device currently has internet connectivity , you can send a request to your phone to retrieve this information and send it to google 's servers . google then displays see this information on a live map . as described in the help section of adm 's website , you can also choose to provide the phone number to dial once you lock the device remotely ( it can be any number that you currently have access to . ) this information is then sent to the phone , and is displayed on the lock screen with a dial button . you can also choose to wipe your device , in which case google will remotely instruct the adm app that is installed on your device to perform a full factory reset ( including wiping the contents of removable storage . ) in terms of privacy issues , it is definitely a trade-off . by using apps like android device manager ( there are plenty of alternatives as well , ) you are trusting that application 's developers with your location data . in return there is a small chance that you will be able to retrieve a lost or stolen phone , or at the very least erase your private data off of it . in this case you place your trust in google , since they are developing adm .
download ical import export 2.2 from the play store and you can backup the calendar on your phone . move the file to your pc and follow the instructions here : https://support.google.com/calendar/answer/37118?hl=en to upload to your google calendar online . or maybe you can just turn sync on ? that i do not know . but create the backup first if you try it ! good luck
first of all you do not tell us what exactly apps you uninstalled there is a chance that you uninstalled some app that cannot be replaced by just adding gapps . varius gapps for all the versions can be found here https://goo.im/gapps/ please be carefull to choose the right version according to the version of android installed on your smartphone . you should not be afraid to flash . zips from the cwm , one of the reasons of root and installing a custom recovery it this one . also it will save you a lot of time . if the first line of this answer is true then you will have to reinstall the rom that is currently being used at your smartphone .
you can postpone the installation of an os update , but you can not put it off forever . just keep watching for the notification that an update is available . after some period of time , though , and i do not know how long that is , the update will simply download and install on its own . be aware , though , that if it were possible to postpone it forever , any future update will not install on your phone .
( 1 ) if you have root , you can use titianium backup , and uninstall " device management 3.0" ( or some other version ) . ( 2 ) or , [ also needs root ] , remove dmclient . apk , dmclient . odex , cmclient . apk , cmclient . odex from /system/app . back-up these files first , in case you want to update in the future ; you will need these .
if you can find a rom on a forum or website , you can easily flash it using fastboot - as long as it supports fastboot flashing . most rom makers provide both types of rom flashing mode . to flash , you should have a . img file ( most likely called system.img ) . you can flash this by connecting your device in fastboot mode to your pc and using this command : fastboot flash system C:\path\to\system.img this will then flash the image to your phone . once that is done , erase your user data using the fastboot -w command . you should then be able to use your phone with the new rom , and it should boot correctly .
did you try a different battery ? is this one the factory one ? it may be faulty and possibly not charging reliably . if worst comes to worst , you can try reflashing your gnexus with the default google 4.3 yakju images ( after backing up all your data of course ) to see if the problem goes away . if it does not then the battery needs to be replaced . here is a link : https://developers.google.com/android/nexus/images#yakju and information on how to do it : tutorial you will need to have fastboot and adb installed . there is a way to flash the images without erasing the userdata/sdcard partition if you do not want to backup . ( it involves editing the flashall . sh to remove the -w option before running it )
well , it seems from the api that android includes a tts engine , so i would imagine there would be quite a few apps . i have done a quick search , although i do not have a smartphone so i cannot vouch for the suitability , but here is one app that seems simple enough . text to speech toy .
seems to support only 4g . comparison of nexus 7 2012 and 2013 versions .
the current new nexus 7 's only support wifi . they do not support any mobile data yet . but once they are released with mobile data support , you can count on them supporting older networks , like 3g ( hspa/hspa+ ) as well as supporting 4g ( lte ) . lte coverage is not wide enough for them to only support 4g .
yes , it does support 2g ( gsm/edge ) and 3g ( umts/hspa+ ) . source : https://support.google.com/nexus/answer/3248332 nexus 7 ( 2013 ) tech specs ( lte ) north america and japan : gsm : 850/900/1800/1900 mhz hspa+: 850/900/1900/2100/aws ( 1700/2100 ) mhz ( bands : 1/2/4/5/8 ) lte : 700/850/1700/1800/1900/2100 mhz ( bands : 1/2/3/4/5/13/17 ) rest of world : gsm : 850/900/1800/1900 mhz hspa+: 850/900/1900/2100/aws ( 1700/2100 ) mhz ( bands : 1/2/4/5/8 ) lte : 800/850/1700/1800/1900/2100/2600 mhz ( bands : 1/2/3/4/5/7/20 ) note that it appears that there are two nexus 7 2013 lte models , which differ in lte bands , but umts and gsm bands appear the same .
i found the answer on this page , and the solution was to download and install a compass fix patch .
to the best of my knowledge , no but . . . i have created a solution to this problem but it only works while you have a computer , any old computer should work , on the net . it works by creating calendar appointments for emails . you can do it for any email but that results in way too many notifications for me . i use a collection of gmail filters . by creating a gcal appointment , you get to use programs aimed at calendar notifications . they tend to be much richer than email notification apps . you can search on google play for such apps . i can only vouch for calendar snooze , the one that i use . you can read more about gmail2gcal or simply test the app my sending an email to gmail2gcal@neilsmithline.com. the demo will send you an email with additional information . gmail2gcal is open source and free for your use . you can use issue page , found on gmail2gcal 's main page if you have problems . i will try to support it as best i can .
there is a app that allows you to set custom ring tones and notification sounds . to your particular case , this app allows you to loop endlessly when you receive an sms . sms sounds plus paid sms sounds free on the app , you can check the loop when you are in the ringtone picker .
acrobits groundwire ( what is new section for 4.0.4 ( 2013-12-19 ) claims " support for push notifications using google cloud messaging ! " ) &hellip ;
this question depends on the firmware you have got installed . if you have got cyanogenmod installed , then you should also have clockworkmod ( cwm ) installed , which is a utility for flashing your phone , among other things . first you will need to download the ril to your phone as a zip file . they should come packaged this way . save it to an sdcard , preferably in the root directory for easy access . this page lists the different ways to access cwm depending on your phone model . for the sgs2 , turn the device off , then hold vol+ , home and power buttons until the screen flashes , then release them and wait for cwm to display . from there , use the volume buttons to scroll and the power button to select , as touchscreen is disabled . select " install zip from sdcard " , then navigate to the zip file and select it . ( protip : scroll up to skip the huge list of folders ) wait for the installation to finish , then select " reboot system now " and you are done . enjoy your new ril .
you have a great point , and a valid question . looks like this was raised as an enhancement request two years ago , if that means anything . i found two apps that seek to address your concern : whisper systems has a different method of working around smudge issues by asking users to wipe over the smudges they just created . number track lock advertises the exact functionality you are looking for . this is a paid app that has mediocre reviews , so proceed at your own risk . neither of these to me are a perfect solution . i would love to see this built into android - perhaps you can find a rom with something like this baked in ?
that is a very interesting question . i am not sure if this can be done , to scramble the keypad 's number layout every-time on unlock to force you to slow down . you have pointed out the weakness in the security - smudges on the touchscreen ; the only thing that i can think of is this - wipe down the screen each time . . . now you may get funny looks from others , akin to taking off the glasses each time and wiping it cleanly to " see " again if you get my drift . i would not be surprised if there is a soft keyboard layout that appears at random intervals but i suspect its never thought of as it would drive users batty especially when texting . the lock-screen 's pin mechanism is in-built and to override that mechanism requires going down the unofficial programming interface that does not have the approval from google 's android development aspect . almost bordering on using malware techniques to achieve it . the other thing i can think of is to use a screen protector , in that way , the smudges will show on it but not on the actual touchscreen . despite saying that , one could theoretically sprinkle a bit of powder on the screen and gently brush it away to see where the fingerprint is on but that is going ott on the other hand , that is , if you watch too much ncis . . . : ) my suggestion - in the case of pattern unlock , do not allow " use visible pattern " or " use tactile feedback " under settings > location and security settings , to minimize breach . but however , your question is a worthy +1 from me from a security viewpoint . edit : just an afterthought after exchange on chat , it is quite possible in theory , to use a custom keyboard that is tied specifically to password input , the ones that shows an asterisk in place , and just randomize the keyboard layout with letters , numbers re-positioned at random intervals but that could have an adverse side effect , as in " darn it , now i have to be extra careful to , not to go too fast ! " or " darn it , one thing to do - uninstall it as tis annoying ! "
i just encountered this same problem on a new galaxy siii with verizon . i am using stock android 4.1.2 and found the answer to be simple . just open the contacts app , then click the phone 's menu button , then choose the " contacts to display " menu , the select the gear icon to the right of " customized list " , then choose the respective contacts account , then uncheck ( or check ) the email contact groups that you wish to hide , press " done " in the upper right when finished . that should have activate the " customized list " , but you can return to that menu to confirm . that is it ! simple and no need to install custom rom .
go to contacts and open context menu . you can hide contacts without phone number in settings or you can select which account to show .
same issue here , that particular option was in cym7.5 on my dell streak . was a nice addition imo . only thing i can suggest , unless there is some sort of third party app for it , is to install a custom rom such as cym or any other aosp rom , i doubt any of the customized samsung rom 's will give you this . you will lose all the official samsung junk with an aosp rom , but at least it'll be stock ics rather than the crappy samsung replacement apps . ( i like some of the samsung mods such as palm swipe to screen grab , but the sms app and contacts app suck )
it is difficult to get decent gps position inside buildings or covered areas . try going outside ; you will get faster gps locks . do not worry , you are not alone . i have the same problem . check out fasterfix / fastergps as well . they can help improve your gps locks .
hardware-wise , the ntt docomo ( sc-04d ) and the version sold on google play store ( gt-i9250 ) are identical . you should be able to use one of the " maguro " takju factory images ( ics or jb . ) definitely do not use the cdma/lte image .
here 's an idea for your problem . had the same as well . searched a long time to get my keys to the android phone . i work with osx . there is a tutorial how to export the keys it seems to be a matter of key and certificate conversion . hope that helps : http://hackonadime.blogspot.de/2012/03/securing-your-mobile-email-thunderbird.html
a factory reset does not wipe the rom files , only the user data , so you can not have " uninstalled the rom " that way . having a locked bootloader does not stop you flashing a rom : it just limits you to official roms signed by the manufacturer ( or possibly by the carrier ) . so even if you can not or do not want to unlock the bootloader , you can still flash the stock rom in the usual way from the recovery , if you can obtain a backup of it .
this is not a standard feature of the launcher . this has most likely been added by samsung to their touchwiz build of the galaxy note - as such , it would not be possible to get this on your galaxy tab .
on a stock carrier/manufacturer 's rom there is probably not a whole lot you can do i would imagine , but cyanogenmod 7 ( its gingerbread-based version ) allows you to dismiss individual notifications by swiping them away . you can see it in action in this lifehacker article .
basically , this could be possible . i have got cm7.2 on my motorola droid2 , which also has its bootloader locked . being at work , i cannot access all ressources ( firewall restricts me ) -- but just in case , there seems to be a youtube tutorial on unlock any sony ericsson xperia in 5 minutes , just in case you want to unlock first ( which should make things easier ) . according to xda your device should be supported by cm9 . however , i could not figure out whether cm by default uses 2nd init on the xperia devices ( which is what must be done when the bootloader is locked -- and how it works e.g. on the motorola milestone 2 ; but obviously this is not done for the st17i ) . so if you want to try with your bootloader locked , you should check with the instructions coming with your cm9 build to make sure : some sources i have found ( not sure which xperia the st17i is , so they might apply or not ) , as e.g. how to pgrade xperia x8 to android 4.0 ics / how to upgrade xperia x8 to android 4.1 jelly bean and especially android forums - view single post - all xperia mini ( un ) rooting , un ( re ) locking bootloader , flashing cm , kernels , cwm , rom 's , tweaks etc ( which explicitly applies to your st17i ) , mention an unlocked bootloader as pre-condition for flashing cm9 . so the answer is probably no , though it would theoretically be possible .
it is not necessary . if your xperia 's bootloader is locked you can not install a custom kernel but you can install a custom rom . i have miui with a stock 4.0.4 based kernel on my xperia s .
in the messaging app , click the left soft key and open Settings . under Notifications , make sure Vibrate is checked .
wi-fi hotspot allows you to share your phone 's internet connection with other devices which have wi-fi adapters . for example , of you have a laptop with wi-fi and you want to connect to the net , you can enable wi-fi hotspot on the phone then connect the laptop wirelessly to the phone . there may be carrier restrictions or costs for doing this . . . like sprint which requires you to activate the wi-fi option for your evo 's account which costs an additional $30/month . other carriers may assess charges by amount of data consumed or block the feature altogether . some users have rooted their phones to bypass the enablement restrictions , but that may still result in charges for bandwidth used .
sorry , but you cant prevent this . the developer can set in the androidmanifest . xml if the activity ( the screen you see ) hide the statusbar or not . this is the setting , if you are interested in : @android:style/Theme.NoTitleBar
if you use the gmail app the mail is pushed instead of synced and therefore you cannot find the sync frequency setup . however , if you set up your gmail account in the android email app , where you can have your non gmail accounts ( pop3/imap/exchange ) , the mail is synced and you can set the frequency in the account settings , inside the email app .
you can only set how much e-mails are synced in the gmail settings . goto gmail > labels > organize labels > click on the label you edit want . now you have tree options , 4day , all or nothing . if you choose 4 days , gmail downloads the e-mails of the last 4 days , if you choose all , all mails were downloaded and nothing say what its doing .
you can do so e.g. with tasker , adapting the wifi tether profile described in the tasker wiki -- provided your phone is rooted : requirements rooted device tasker locale execute plug-in ( no longer available -- but most likely no longer needed , either ) wireless tether for root users tasker-tasks tether-on : plugin -> execute script -> run shell /data/data/android.tether/tether start 1 , check " use root " ( with the locale execute plugin , prefix the command with an ! to mark it as " root command" ) tether-off : plugin -> execute script -> run shell /data/data/android.tether/tether stop 1 ( with the locale execute plugin , prefix the command with an ! to mark it as " root command" ) tasker-profiles you now can attach these tasks to any condition , such as e.g. " wifi near " with your networks name . you can also add things like " wifi on " / " wifi off " to above tasks to customize . detailed descriptions can be found in the linked wiki .
take a look at this thread over at xda-developers forum . someone wrote a java app to extract the contacts out of the . sbf file into vcard files , which are a lot easier to deal with . also , in the same thread people report that with the latest version of kies you can execute a restore without having a samsung phone connected to the pc , and extract the contents . i personally have not tried either method , so please let us know if they work for you .
in the latest version o kies you select your device in the tree , then go to tab " back up/restore " and click " restore " . unfortunately you can not restore just something , you should restore everything . . .
i wrote a program which extracts contacts and calendar data . https://lord-luncher.de/ i am happy about feedback .
the literature you read was wrong , then . link2sd only uses the extra partition . the main partition is still mounted under /media/sdcard or somewhere similar . with link2sd , you cannot physically remove the sd card , but you can mount the sd card on the computer . the second partition does not get mounted , so the apps are still accessible while the standard partition is mounted on the computer . if you want more space , you can always repartition your sd card manually on your computer , if your version of clockworkmod ( cwm ) does not have the size you desire . gparted on linux is a handy gui , and there are apps for mac and windows as well . and you can still install apps to your sd card the normal android way , though the dalvik cache and other data will still use up the internal memory ( which is likely limited in your case , as that is the reason to use link2sd in the first place ) . purpose of link2sd here 's an hypothetical example+ . you have 180mb free internal memory . you have a standard 16gb sd card . when you install an app to the sd card , 10%* of the app is actually still on the internal memory . so when you have installed 1.8gb of apps , you run out of internal memory , even though your external sd card could hold a bunch more . in comes link2sd . now , your sd card is actually 12gb standard and 4gb for linking . new apps get linked , but this time 100% of the app is moved , so you can install 4gb of apps instead of 1.8gb . you should not be limited to 4gb , either . clockworkmod ( cwm ) may only list 4gb as the maximum size , but you can use a computer to make the linking partition as large as you want . *made up percentage . it varies by app . +not so hypothetical . with my old optimus v , this was almost exactly my setup .
if you are referring to the headphone output rather than the speaker , then you could use an app such as " headset button controller " link to play store trial . i have the paid version on my phone , and i like it a lot . it allows you to set up button controls for various apps , but it also has a nice feature that allows you to set the default volume when you plug in the headset . you can set the minimum and maximum , also , but this would only work with a headset like the iphone 's , with volume control that controls the phone .
calendar snooze can repeat reminders until you acknowledge them , forever . it works with the default calendar app , and will let it keep syncing with google . you can customize how often the notification repeats , how many times ( including " keep repeating" ) , and you can customize two sets of reminders , for example repeating every minute for 5 minutes , and then ever 5 minutes for an hour . it can also use notifications , the led , text-to-speech , and alert popups . it also ( as the name suggests ) allows a very powerful snooze mechanism , with completely customizable snoozes .
open the calendar app . press menu > settings > scroll down to notification settings . you can then choose your desired ringtone and whether an alert should pop up or merely a notification bar update shows along with vibrate options . as a calendar alternative , check out jorte . the galaxy s2 's alarm interface has options for recurring alarms as well as preset snooze modes . update : nudnik and calendar event reminder are calendar nag apps that seem to offer the functionality you are looking for .
now that astrid has stopped , trying out tictac . working quite well and seems reliable
im trying now calendaralarmhelper that is way cheaper than tree suggestion . free version expires after 7 days but has full functionalities .
calendar -> settings -> notification settings -> select ringtone . also set " alerts and notifications " in the same menu to alerts .
you could try astrid , i find it very useful as a task manager
try the latest museek player . it has support for gapless playback . you need to enable it from within the advanced settings in the app . there is also poweramp and winamp which seemingly offer decent gapless playback quality .
the amazon mp3 player adds gaps . luckily you can play songs downloaded to the device with any music player , and google music does gapless playback out of the box .
go to Settings-&gt;Sony Ericsson-&gt;Connectivity and un-check Auto connect in MSC .
i had the same problem and just figured out how to fix it . go to the screen on which you want to display your family contacts group . press the screen until the ' drag to rearrange , edit , or remove ' message appears at the top of the screen . drag the screen to the ' edit ' icon at the top left of the screen . you will get options to ' select a group for widget ' or ' edit group . ' if you choose ' select a group for widget , ' it will pull up your list of contact groups . choose the one you wish to display .
it is , if you have root access . found the following solution on l0uy blog : open /system/csc/others.xml and add the following child to the &lt;FeatureSet&gt; parant : &lt;CscFeature_Contact_SetLinkCountMaxAs&gt;30&lt;/CscFeature_Contact_SetLinkCountMaxAs&gt;  the 30 is the limit , how much contacts you will merge . choose what you want . works fine on 4.1.2 .
you can install the dolphin browser , and change the user-agent to ipad . then dolphin can use html5 . you see these instructions when you try to activate flash in dolphin .
the default browser is being replaced by chrome as of android 4.1 for stock android , so i doubt it will see any updates in the future . if you want to use sites that have html5 features , you should install chrome and use that ( and by extension if you are targeting android devices with a web app , you should be targeting chrome ) .
they are trying to fleece you . do not agree to that , nor to the other tricks they employ trying to fork more money from you ( the basic color is not in stock etc . )
just had a look on my uk froyo galaxy s , if i go into the locale and text menu , i can not see any options for hebrew in there , and looking at keyboard settings i can not see any hebrew options for input language on the swype or samsung keyboards either . looking at first party google apps on the market i see imes for pinyin ( chinese ) and korean , nothing for hebrew . however i am using a device with a european build on it , which would explain why i see mainly european languages in the list , i do not know if other builds will have hebrew in by default .
can not answer for galaxy s , but it works on my lg optimus t . one approach might be to go to the store and try the built-in browser on a web page with hebrew . as long as that works , i suspect you will be ok . perhaps they will say that for $75 you also get a hebrew onscreen keyboard . . . but if so , you could probably skip that and try " any soft keyboard " with the " hebrew language pack " , both free in the market . again i have not tried anything on a galaxy s but it works on my froyo-bearing lg .
what android version are you on ? i have got eclair ( on a motorola phone ) and i can just type in the address bar to search . i thought it might be motoblur , but i tried an eclair emulator image and had the same functionality . what happens when you hit the search button while the browser is running ?
dolphin browser hd allows you to search google from the address bar , and it shows suggestions as you type . it does not explicitly say that it has this feature but i use it all the time . if you type something in the address bar that is not a web address and hit go it will automatically search , just like chrome does .
opera mini places a google search bar near the url bar . this is not exactly what i was looking for but it is a potential alternative .
i treat chargers with the same specs as interchangeable . . . many usb chargers are rated as 5v 500ma ( or . 5a ) ; in most cases , you should be able to interchange them ( it may take excellent eyesight to actually read the specs ; on my motoroloa chargers , they are very faintly engraved ) . some apple chargers produce more current than the standard 500ma , so i would not use them to charge products other than the intended . since most computer usb ports are rated for 500ma , chargers with the same rating should charge any usb-chargeable device without problems .
production phones do not ship with root access , developer phones do . if you have a production phone ( likely : you had know if you bought a dev phone ) , you have to " root " them first . as @joe_casadonte points out , there are some great instructions here and elsewhere ( notably the cyanogenmod wiki and android rom 's google group ) to get you started rooting your phone . ( and if you get stuck . . . come back here with your questions ! ) . once you have rooted your phone , you can gain root privileges in the adb shell or the terminal emulator with the su command . note : it sounds from some of your responses like you have not yet rooted your phone . so you will need to start there .
see the following questions : what does " to root a phone " mean ? how do i root my phone ? i have rooted my phone . now what ?
type su and your terminal prompt should change from $ to # . this is assuming that your device is already rooted .
i have three droid incredibles that we have replaced with different phones . the play store still works on all of them . check out this post for the most recent google play apk and side load it . if that does not work , i would recommend doing a factory reset . it seems like your system has gotten confused . alos , look into airplane mode wifi app to keep your wireless radio off but leave your wifi on .
it might be a long shot , but have you tried using adb to install apks ?
you will need to get root privilege . merely installing super user will not do anything . edit : superuser must be placed in /system ( made a " system app" ) in order to work , which is not done by " merely installing it " , and cannot be done without aquiring root privileges
as you said , there is no official ics for galaxy mini . but cyanogenmod 10 and 10.1 work on the galaxy mini . i am using cyanogenmod 10.1 rc5 . it is a jelly bean rom , but it works perfectly with my mini . you can find it on xda-developers .
the ics will not support to the galaxy mini or galaxy pop
the offical ics does not work on galaxy mini . but we can run it by cyanogenmod . i have tried it everything works fine . it has both pros and cons pros 1 . you can feel the ics os very good . 2 . nice graphics cons 1 . battry life will be redused 2 . memory will not be suffician to run apps that support in ics speed of phone will be redused considerably
although the solution by izzy ( above ) is brilliant , it did not work for me on nexus 5 running android 4.4 . i ran into the bug after installing a to-do app . every time i tried to share a page in chrome , it defaults to google keep ! strange , but the problem and the solution is given here : http://www.reddit.com/r/android/comments/1rcnow/did_the_default_behavior_of_share_change_in/ essentially , you just need to go to settings . . . apps , then click the overflow menu in the top right . when it opens , select reset app preferences . other than having to select my default launcher again , it seems to have solved the problem with no side effects . credit to tacomonstrous at reddit for the solution .
there are multiple ways to clear " default actions": walking through the list of apps in settings&rarr ; apps&rarr ; manage apps , looking at each entry whether it has a " clear defaults " button , and hit that ( not very user-friendly -- and in this special case obviously not applyable , as the action seems not bound to a special app ) using a helper app like e.g. default app manager or defaultapp reset ( much more user-friendly -- but not suitable in this case , for the same reason as the previous point ) installing another app which uses the same intent ( in case of a " homescreen launcher " and the " home " key , another launcher , to give an example ) -- not always easy to figure out what app might be fitting for this purpose . this is what lead to success in our case here , by installing andmade share note : you do not need to keep that app installed . it is the installation of the app which " drops " the default . this is also the purpose why the next item works : updating/uninstalling one of the apps currently using this intent ( to take above example : that is why you will be asked again when your launcher received an update ) -- this point just for completeness : )
it seems to be a general problem . i was trying this on my asus eee pad with physical keyboard which actually allows to minimize the " encryption process " and go to settings . however checking running processes does not show any activity that would suggest that something is actually happening .
there is the free and open source tunes viewer which is sadly not available in the play store ( apple probably does not allow it ) : the easiest way is to install the foss market f-droid which hosts such apps and install tunes viewer from there ( search for " tunesviewer" ) . it is also directly available as an . apk installation file here , but i would prefer the f-droid market installation because you get updates . the project 's homepage is on sourceforge . ps : the f-droid repository is an easily-installable catalogue of foss ( free and open source software ) applications for the android platform . the server contains the details of multiple versions of each application , and the android client makes it easy to browse , install them onto your device , and keep track of updates . *
unfortunately , you will have to download itunes . . then drag the downloaded courses over to your mobile device . .
you can very nearly do this with totally standard built-in features , most of which actually rely on support from the phone network rather than anything special on your phone . in fact i can not think of a real way to do absolutely everything you are asking without implementing it at the phone network , rather than on the phone . you can block " unknown " numbers very easily , but i do not think there is a standard way to play a message saying that the call has been blocked and why . after all your phone would have to answer the call itself in order to play the message , only the phone network can talk to callers without answering the call ! to block unknown callers : on your phone , go into settings , then into call settings , select all calls , select auto reject , tick the box to enable auto reject , select auto reject list and tick unknown . playing a message to callers after the phone has not been answered for a specific time is exactly what normal voicemail does . most voicemail kicks in after a small number of rings , but if you want to extend that most networks will allow you to set a longer time before the vooicemail divert happens , but you will probably need to call your network to arrange this . i have had to set this up for phones on two different networks in the past , for one i had to type a complicated *# dialler code into the phone to request the longer delay , on the other the phone company 's helpline could arrange this over the phone .
i don/'t remember performance issues after upgrading to 2.2 , but after upgrading to 2.2.1 my galaxy is much and i do mean much faster .
performance is generally a very subjective thing . there are apps that will measure specific aspects of performance , but that will not always correlate with what you feel from using the phone day to day . generally , one of the reasons for upgrading to froyo is that it should give you performance benefits , see this previous question on froyo 's performance . in addition to that , samsung have rolled in some fixes for previous performance problems ( if you are using the official samsung build ) : amongst other fixes , they have changed things so that the filesystem lag is less of a problem on froyo ; they have changed gps and agps performance to get rid of a lot of those previous problems , ; and they have fixed some of the serious problems in their customized apps like the music player . one thing you may find after any upgrade is that your phone still has outdated data left in its caches and temporary areas that are only relevant to the previous version . these can cause performance problems straight after the upgrade . to get round this , you can either go through all your apps list after the upgrade and clear the caches , or reset your phone to factory settings after the upgrade and then reload all of your data . be warned that both of these ( especially the second option ) can and will lose some of your settings and data , though anything saved on your sd card or saved on servers on the web will be safe , so make sure you back up anything on the phone that matters to you before doing this . personally , i found my galaxy s performed much better after the froyo upgrade . however i did do a factory reset on it ( for a different reason related to changing google accounts over ) which will have helped in the short term .
definitely it is related to low battery , i tried a couple of more tests and if the battery is &lt ; 20% this always happens .
take it back to wherever you bought it and demand a refund . regardless if this is a hardware or software problem , you should not have a problem with the sales staff -- show them the picture you linked to .
contacts , by default , that are saved on the device , will sync with the google account ( or accounts ) that are signed in on the device . if you have contacts on your sim , you can go in to the contacts application , go in to the menu and select " import/export " , then you select import from sim . this will import your contacts that are on your sim to the account ( s ) that you are logged in to on the device . finally , make sure you have contact sync enabled for your account . go in to the settings -> accounts and sync , select the google account you want to sync the contacts and then make sure " contacts " is checked . in response to your last comment about " you can save contacts to sim " , i guess that would depend on your device . aosp ( stock ) android 2.3.5 does not give you the option for phone the device and sim . below is a screenshot of all of my synced accounts , and the only option for " unsynced " . since you say you see icons next to some of them , i would be willing to guess you have a samsung device that is running touchwiz . there is a setting that you can change to " always add to ' this ' account " . do not bother " linking " multiple contacts together , it is only on the phone side , it does nothing when syncing .
i remember this . when i first got my phone i made the same mistake , setting my contacts to save to my phone instead of google . i believe i ended up using the free version of mybackup to backup my contacts , then restore them as google contacts .
open the contact list on your phone . hit the menu button from your contact list . from the list that appears hit the import/export tab . this will bring up a list of available export and importing options . once you have picked the option that applies to you the list will be backed up . what is left to do is import the contact list on your new phone . one more option , follow the guide : how to backup android contacts to gmail
more of a shot-in-the-dark based on my own personal experience rather than a resolution , but do you have anything like setcpu installed that might be throttling back your clock speed when the phone goes to sleep ?
also quickpic application can cut a picture to correct size before set it as wallpaper . it is free on market .
you can save the image to sd card and use the gallery app to set the wallpaper . gallery app has the feature to crop selected portion of an image and then save it as a wallpaper .
i use the gemini calendar app , and it seems to sync back to your google account . it does , however , require the stock google calendar app , which based on your question , may pose a problem .
assuming samsung have made the same changes for the captivate as the galaxy , then fully opening an appointment in the calendar app and pressing edit , you should have a line labelled " calendar " that will say " my calendar " ( this is the local calendar on the phone ) , press the arrow beside that and it takes you to a list of your calendars and lets you select your google calendar to move the appointment there . also when you are in the calendar and want to create a new appointment there are two ways to do it . either long pressing on a day/time takes you to the quick appointment creation box , this always goes into your phone 's local calendar and then needs moving out to your gcal . however if you press the menu button and select " create " then it takes you to the same screen as the edit screen , and you can pick which calendar to save to from there .
sometimes custom roms come without the google apps ( gmail , market , maps , etc . ) pre-loaded , in those cases it is a separate package that you need to flash over the rom . you should check with the rom developer where you should get the gapps from .
the nook devs site provides links and goes over downloading google apps to your nook color running honeycomb . this site lists the available google app downloads from cyanogenmod , explaining that they cannot come pre-installed due to licensing restrictions . the links at the very bottom of the page ( and the first link ) should help you find the appropriate applications .
after much torment and due to an unfortunate accident , i went ahead and purchased one . the answer is : tilde close screen tap the input area long press a click tilde backtick ( grave ) close screen tap the input area long press apostrophe realize that you were pressing the voice search button since the apostrophe button is so small and cramped , so cancel the voice search repeat 3 until success click backtick this is a major pain . i may just make an alternate soft keyboard for myself that just has those two buttons .
i honestly don ' think they characters can be typed with the sidekick hardware keyboard . as for the software keyboard , it would depend on the one you are using , but most likely would be close to this : switch to numbers / symbols press the alt key press the &nbsp ; `&nbsp ; or &nbsp ; ~&nbsp ; key
since you deleted pre-installed apps , you have to be rooted . there a couple of options , basically involving the same steps . most likely for these options to work you will have to have a custom recovery installed . goto one of the forums that caters to your device . for flashing a rom , there should be directions/instructions specifically for your device on the website you downloading from . good luck ! !
you need to reflash the os . first , find the stock rom for your device : this question explains how to get started . then you will need to consult the manufacturer 's instructions for flashing a new rom , and flash the rom for your device .
dan hulme answer is correct and probably the best way to have everything restored . another way that could be easier depending on your knowledge is to find stock rom , extract apps you deleted from your phone and push them back in your phone using adb . since you deleted system apps i am assuming that you have root access .
there could be various reasons for bootlooping like installing rom which has size larger than your phone 's hboot , or a bad rom .
easytether i think would be your best option . the free version is full-figured , and paying for the full market version will get you https:// sites . and the drivers for it are available on their website for download . p.s. it is only $4.99 right now in the amazon appstore ; )
did you try the wifi-hotspot option ( available since android 2.2 ( ? ) ) ? with this app , your android phone will act as a hotspot and your mac should be able to connect to it .
i do not think there is a way short of finding a root enabling exploit . adb backup -apk -shared -all only backs up for user 0 for both /data/user/ and /storage/emulated/ ( for non devices without expandable storage ) . no luck with 4.4 either .
the human users of the phone do not correspond to different linux users . the human users are identified only within android itself , not to apps . android provides a completely separate environment to the app for each user - a little like a linux chroot - so the app does not have to worry about separate users . when a new user runs the app , it just looks like a fresh install on a new device , because it is given a brand new data directory , separate from those it is given for other users .
if you are looking for a way to quickly view frequently visited pages , i would bookmark them and then add the " bookmarks " widget to your homescreen . a few more steps involved , but pretty . and you do not even have to go into the browser to get to them !
there is no direct " home " key unfortunately . as others have stated , you can open a new tab to display your " home page " - but you then might want to close your current tab - which is a 2nd tap . alternatively , if your home page is a standard web page then you could bookmark it as well . but this still requires 2 taps . . . one to display your bookmarks and another to action it .
browser opens home page in every new tab by default . setting different home page in [ browser > settings > general > set homepage ] and then just open new tab to see what happens .
i think you hit the " windows " button in the upper-right , then the + button that appears to its left . this creates a new window , however .
for now i am using tasker to solve this problem . just set headset plugged as the context , and make the task set media volume to where i want it . if someone finds a better solution and posts here i will accept it as answer . note the market version of tasker was force closing on my sidekick . i emailed the developer and he got it fixed . look for apk version 1.1b4 or above and it should work on sidekick . this update will get pushed to the market sometime i am sure ( or maybe it already has been )
i will be honest it is probably not something you will miss at all after a few weeks . my previous android phone was an htc magic , apart from text selection i found the trackball pretty useless on that . since upgrading to a galaxy s , that has no trackball/pad/d-pad at all , i can honestly say that i have not needed one since about the first week , i think i have found two games total that needed a trackball , and they had so many " needs a trackball , does not work on my phone " type one-star reviews , that the devs must have changed them by now . gingerbread has a text selection feature based on tapping in the text and dragging your finger that works very well , samsung 's touchwiz interface has had an incredibly similar interface for text selection since eclair ( i think ) and that works well .
keyboards like smart keyboard and better keyboard ( *tap ? 123 and then &lt ; > key to access ) do indeed have arrow keys that can appear below the normal onscreen keyboard or as a separate keyboard containing arrow keys alone . the caveat being , the onscreen keyboard will use up some of your screen real-estate while in use . as regards games , most non-htc android devices are without trackpads and d-pads too ( unfortunately ! ) , so most game devs would bear that in mind . i do not know if the onscreen keyboard would work in the games you play , however .
try putting sh in front of your command , eg . : sh ./scp  or sh -c ./scp 
emulator app should be able to run another app from its own directory . that directory is called something like /data/data/com.super.emulator . try giving the full path to the app you want in emulator . if you want to get a compiler for android , you can use ndk . easy to get , free to use . can not you also push your file to /system/bin via adb ? i do not know if you get that permission when you root your device . but if that is the case , it should make your life much easier .
if you are rooted ( i see you are ) , use the su command and then run your original script . if the problem is permissions , this should fix it . and if you are using a shell script , you can just add this line to it at the top . you might have to check your supersu settings ( or whichever superuser app you have with root ) , and make sure your terminal emulator has root permissions . if you are not rooted ( or can not run as root for some reason ) , i suggest looking into how xbmc does it , as i believe it can run apps in user mode . good luck .
most likely you can not run the program because of libraries on the device you ripped it from being missing from the device you copied it to . since your end goal is to compile a program and run it natively on the phone , might i suggest you use the android ndk ? the ndk documentation includes STANDALONE-TOOLCHAIN.HTML which explains how to cross-compile a native program to run on your android device .
you may need to re-enable syncing of your google contacts . here 's a simple guide on how to do that : http://www.wikihow.com/sync-google-contacts-with-android . also , the contacts may be on your phone , but not set to display . to fix this , go into your contacts list , hit the menu/options button , and open " contacts to display " . make sure that your gmail contact list is enabled in this menu . finally , if those do not work , check this link : https://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/gmail/zcwhbp5d9h4
it means that the process has been running longer than 99 hours , 99 minutes , and 99 seconds . it is a formatting bug . the second hour digit , after reaching '9' , will simply continue with the next characted from the ascii alphabet : 0123456789:;&lt;=&gt;?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ[\]^_`abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz{|}~  where in this case ':' means 10 , ' ; ' means 11 , '&lt ; ' means 12 , etc . for example , '&lt ; 5:12:34' means 125:12:34 and ' ? 5:12:34' means 155:12:34 . it is fixed in android 4.3 the related bug report is here : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=41401
i do not have a samsung galaxy s4 but based on the information provided it seems like this is the time frame since the services has been active ( i.e. . service " com . sec . phone " started about 1:46:26 ago ) . i can see that this is the case because a few other services have the same start time , at which point you either turn your phone on ( and android initiated those services automatically ) .
historically , in order to promote battery life , apple did not let the apps run in the background ( until ios 4.0 release in june 2010 ) , but did provide this apns ( apple push notification service ) , which would let the app developers implement certain client functionality on their own third-party servers , which would then push the notification messages to apple 's central notification system ( available since ios 3.0 release in june 2009 ) . as such , anyone who would have wanted to write an app with any kind of background notifications at all during the whole ios 3 availability window , would have had to have apns support implemented , else , their app would have had no multitasking at all . it would appear that this has never been the case in the android land . per my understanding , google 's take on apns &mdash ; gcm &mdash ; google cloud messaging &mdash ; has not really taken off yet , probably because running out of battery in one day is not as evident as not having the background-notifications functionality at all , and the apns/gcm architectures require the app developers to themselves run the extra servers on their own side , which is obviously not free , either , and would certainly require extra engineering and complexity , for achieving something that is not entirely obvious to the naked eye . additionally , according to a question on stackexchange , gcm is a second incarnation of google 's take on apns , where the first one , now discontinued , was called c2dm ( cloud to device messaging framework ) . it would appear that c2dm had quotas , which were then abolished with subsequent gcm . the exact dates on the introduction of gcm and c2dm are not clear , however , their device-side parts would appear to be backwards compatible , since they both claim to support android 2.2 and above . android 2.2 " froyo " was first made available may 2010 .
several apps are available on playstore for ram cleanup . the cleaner is one of them .
the files ( if they are considered as such ) to which logs are written by the device are not in /system but in /dev/log . these " files " are reset at every boot , so unless the device you have has a boot-time script that automatically saves logs to a file in , say , /sdcard , there is sadly no way to retrieve the logs you want while in recovery .
yup even i have a xperia neo had i have also faced the same issue . i tried reporting it on the sony mobile forum but it seems it is a unresolved bug . seems the issue is with the current supply , which makes the screen too sensitive resulting in multi-touch . try disconnecting and try typing after sometime , seems to help in my case .
the over 7mb to download part could be that the phone is set in a way that downloading files > 7mb would require a wi-fi connection . to avoid data wastage many phones have this feature to enable warning/limit downloads over the mobile data usage . this settings can be managed under the settings options of your mobile data option . just by un-checking the option you can easily download the update ota
your carrier is responsible for sending ota updates . check their website , call them and ask , or try searching for your carrier 's name and " android update " .
the chacha does the actual updates check by contacting some webservers (*.htc.com) which are listed in build . prop . all released rom updates are listed at http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2094100 but with a 7mb download it must be something else .
if it is a known issue , and it is already fixed in the nightly builds , then you should not have long to wait before the fix reaches the stable version . if you can not wait that long , then the firefox beta offers a middle-ground , and will probably get the fix sooner . if you know enough programming , you could try and make your own firefox build that consists of the stable branch with this one bugfix merged into it . ( if you do not know how you would do this , you should not attempt it . ) but if the fix is non-trivial , your custom build is more likely to have bugs than even the nightly , because your build will not have had even the minimal testing that the nightly gets .
it would be a wast of time ( and money ) . the phone is not compatible with verizon 's network . verizon is a cdma network , and the nexus 4 from google is gsm phone . in the past google has met-in-the-middle with verizon and released the cdma compatible galaxy nexus - this time there appear to be no plans on releasing a cdma compatible nexus 4 ( possibly due to the slow turnaround time verizon had on releasing updates to the galaxy nexus ) .
the bluetoothtest app is part of the stock image on most samsung devices . it is a system app , and as the name suggests , it is for testing the bluetooth hardware . if you root the device , it is safe to remove/"freeze " this app . it should not normally run or cause any problems at all , though some users have reported that in some cases it shows up in the battery usage list for their device . ( googling {samsung bluetoothtest} gives you some forum posts , but no solid information . ) as for the permission to " modify the battery statistics " , this label is wrong ( see this old android bug report ) , and is phrased differently in newer android versions . the permission only allows the app to read the battery statistics . an app might use this to help you identify which apps use the most power , or to find and disable power-hungry apps on low battery . there is no real need for bluetoothtest to use this permission , but as the app info screen explains , many system apps are bound together in a single process , because this is more ( power and memory ) efficient . as a result , all of the apps bound together in this way share the same permissions , which means the single process has more permissions than any one of the apps needs . this only applies to system ( i.e. . built-in ) apps : apps you download and install are kept separate for security .
i ran into the problem where /storage/emulated/0 no longer existed and was able to fix it safely . what i did was use the camera app to take a picture . i observed that the pictures details said it was within /storage/emulated/0 , though that directory did not exist from the file explorer . then i rebooted the phone . after reboot the directory was recreated .
most vendors/manufacturers modify the android source code to ensure full compatibility with the devices hardware - if you were to update to a clean version of android , it just would not work properly ( and it it even booted , most things would not work at all ) . some manufacturers implement an ota update feature - whereas some do not . those that do not sometimes make you connect your phone/tablet to the computer and use their ' helper ' program to do the update . even the devices that do connect to the internet and download the update are vendor specific - device specific even , it is just that the manufacturer let you do it that way . as to your final question : yes , through a custom rom . custom rom 's are versions of android that have been modified by the android community , based on the stock android code , to work on your device . you should search google , or look at forums such as xda-developers for more info about rom 's , or to look for a rom for your device . remember : all the hardware in phones are different . only the manufacturer knows how to code for it , so that is why default android code will not work with it - it would need propriety drivers .
i have had that before , i think it has something to do with how the device was named on the build . prop . i had a device that runs on ics before , i changed rom to another ics and one of my apps showed incompatible on the play store . i installed the app from a backup copy and it ran without problems .
it will share files fine . its more for security if your phone was stolen etc . once you have encrypted your phone , you will be prompted for the password to ' decrypt storage ' everytime you turn the phone on . once the phone is on , the files are accessible and readable . however if your phone was lost / stolen and was restarted , the data on there would be completely useless without your password .
theres a torch app in the market that toggles on open . do you want a single button on home screen ? then you need to shortcut it . do you need it on your lock screen : swipe for widgets . do you need it on voice activation ? " ok google , open app flashlight/torch " do you want it on your shortcut bar ? drag it from programs . im not really sure what you want .
try adding it as a widget to your devices screen
had same problems b4 i tried calibrating the magnetic compass by the x , y , z axis here 8s the simple steps keep in mind all the rotations are clockwise directions first put your phone in a flat surface for me i placed it in a table and rotate it 3 full rotations clockwise then pick up your phone and face it on your left with the but part nearest to you and rotate it 3 full rotations clockwise and finally face your phone towards you like ussing it normaly and rotate it 3 full rotations clockwise and thats it , for me it solved my prorblem reg the pointer in my map do this while your map is active , hope this will help someone .
i just ran into the same problem . everything works but dns . i found before that my cell provider , bell , blocks udp 53 to anything but their servers . maybe dns is not going through openvpn on android but openvpn is changing the servers . i noticed that some other apps did not go through openvpn , like the play store .
i found now a solution myself : first , cat /etc/resolv.conf is not a valid way to display the used dns servers under android . use getprop net.dns1 instead . in my case the dns server was not the google server as set in /etc/resolv.conf , instead it was one of my isp which accepts only requests from ips in its network but my openvpn server is in another network . to solve this issue i just modified /system/etc/dhcpcd/dhcpcd-hooks/20-dns.conf a bit : that will force the phone to always use the google dns servers for all connections ( e . g . 3g , wifi , openvpn , . . . ) . i have tested that for a few weeks now and it works perfect .
as it is a software issue , and you have not used a custom rom , the best thing to do would be to send it to the sony repair centre .
when creating the event click on the time that you need to change : then when the set time pop-up comes up press on the number instead of scrolling .
gleeo does this . the one downside in my experience is that you can not track multiple tasks at once ; switching to a new task automatically stops what you were previously recording . ( but you can manually add/edit entries as well . )
this is subjective my friends . . no exact answer . is definite answer . scenario 1 - you have a good wifi reception - phone dont have to try hard to fetch network , so battery life is longer . but if wifi is tough to connect then offcourse the phone needs to work hard . . so battery drain quicker . scenario 2 - you using data network , but in bad reception area then it would have same affect on your battery - drained faster . . in the end , depend on your area 's connection in order to have longer battery life . . who knows which connection is the best in tht particular area . just simple logic . no technical wonders can save your battery life i say . .
it depends on several things as matthew read mentions , the hardware , your location , and the other fiddly bits about actual communication are important to the discussion . but , you also need to consider what you are doing with the phone . are you retrieving largish amounts of data often ? if so , wifi may be less drain on the battery by letting you finish sooner - remember the screen drains power while you are waiting for 3g to finish what wifi may have finished much sooner . ( but that depends on what brightness level you have your phone set to . ) in short , set your phone up the way you like to use it , in the place you like to use it . then run the best test you can to see which uses more battery . keep everything as much the same during the tests as possible . ( know exactly which apps are running , plan what data to use , and time how long you use the data after it is retrieved . )
i can not remember where i read it but i read that 3g will use more power when transfering data but wifi will use more when idling . i tend to keep wifi on , but if i am running low on power i will turn it off to avoid the power requirements of scanning for new networks . also as others have posted , 2g will use less power than both unless you are downloading large files !
i never really did a precise comparative test but it is clear that wifi uses way less power than the 3g data connection . so i would recommend to use wifi whenever possible if the goal is to extend battery life . the only exception i would see is if you often use the phone but for a very short moment at a time , the delay it takes for the wifi to connect can be a hassle . in this case only i would deactivate the wifi .
if your phone will let you do it , use 2g . it uses less power than 3g or wifi . i believe it only works on gsm network phones .
in my experience ( htc hero and now htc desire hd ) , wifi uses way less power than 3g . my first port of call for power saving is to turn off 3g on my handset if i either do not need mobile data or there is wifi available .
while it was true in previous generations of phones that wifi used more power in idle , it is less true in later generations ( think htc desire z and up ) , with latests wifi chips . if you are using data , wifi is then preferable : uses less power , and can have more bandwidth and less latencies depending on the provider although public hotspots tend to match latencies and bandwidth of 3g networks ( on purpose ? )
the main battery drain happens when there is actual data transfer . since the speed of wifi is much faster compared to 3g , it uses less power to download the same amount of data since it finishes downloading faster . also the transmuting power of wifi is usually smaller than this of a 3g radio since the access point is much closer and the signal much stronger than the usual 3g tower . they tend to be less dense than 2g towers and the phone will need to transmit with more power in order to keep reasonable signal strength with 3g .
i can confirm the experiences of 3g using more power than wifi , and i do believe it is , in fact , stated by google somewhere in the android faq . the technical reason probably has to do with the fact that there is much more negotiation going on for 3g , where there could be many radio towers involved , and where they will actually instruct the phone to beef up transmission power if needed . also , it goes without saying , that there ought to be a difference considering wifi has a coverage area limited to some 20-100 meters depending on equipment and obstacles ; whereas 3g operates over a much longer distance up around several km . both operate within a fairly similar frequency band of 1.9ghz to 2.4ghz . in general , the higher the frequency , the more data can be transferred but it also takes more power to get a signal through obstacles . this is also why it is sometimes recommended to turn off 3g ( rely on only 2g ) in order to conserve battery , since 2g networks usually operate at a much lower frequency band around 800-1000mhz .
it depends . try with your particular phone . maybe download a large file and see how much the battery drains , then repeat for the other data type . factors include how many cell towers are nearby , how many packets your wifi drops , your specific chipset and radio hardware , software drivers , and the like .
i use llama to do similar things on a schedule , e.g. put my phone on silent while i am at work during working hours , turn off wi-fi when i leave home , and so on . you can set events to occur based on where you are among other conditions such as time/date , screen on/off , battery level , etc . llama learns locations based on the cell towers that are in range rather than your wi-fi or gps location , so it does not eat into your battery at all . llama does not require root . i find it very easy to use and now that i have it configured the way i want , i do not ever look at it unless i want to change something .
i use tasker to do exactly that , and much ( much ) more . whether or not it can switch between 2g and 3g seems to depend on the handset , which you do not mention . here is an example from the tasker wiki , showing how to set the phone into airplane mode at night . note that the gps only uses power if something uses it , so turning it off is highly unlikely to make any meaningful difference to your battery life .
i use timeriffic ( free ) which will turn on/off wifi , gps , change ringer , brightness etc . based on timed schedules . unfortunately " use only 2g data networks " is not in the options .
if you do not mind paying for an app , then this is very similar to the sort of thing that locale for android does , you can set it to switch stuff on or off , or run apps on your phone when certain conditions like fine/coarse location , etc are met . there are also quite a few locale plugins ( many of them free ) available on the market that give it loads of extra functionality .
also , if you use juicedefender https://market.android.com/details?id=com.latedroid.juicedefenderhl=en that has an option for night mode with everything you were talking about and more , juicedefender is pretty awesome anyway . lastly , if you have rooted your phone , cyanogenmod http://www.cyanogenmod.com/ also has a night mode .
silence can toggle your ringer , wi-fi , bluetooth , and airplane mode settings automatically over scheduled intervals . features : simple , intuitive holo-themed interface schedule events that occur once , or repeat on certain days of the week change your ringer to silent , vibrate , or normal mode turn wi-fi , bluetooth , and airplane mode on and off change your settings back automatically when the scheduled event ends there is also a paid version without ads .
maybe sweetdreams can do the work for you . according to a ruleset it will turn off bluetooth , wifi and select the ringtone configuration of your choice during a determinate time range .
you can certainly do it based on your location : http://www.twofortyfouram.com/product.html i have enquired of their support whether you can use time as one of the switching criteria , i would be surprised if you could not . even if it is not available out of the box , there is a plugin system and scripting that i am sure would do it . i do not own the app so i cannot comment on it is efficacy , but i have seen good references . edit response from developer can locale be made to switch situations based on time alone , such as going silent at night regardless of location ? john - hi john , yes !
the solution that seemed to work , at last , was the following . i connected the tablet with usb into my pc . then downloaded the signed package of gapps for my android version , from http://goo.im and moved it in the same dir as the adb executable . after that , i booted the tablet in recovery mode , chose the option " update from adb " , and run the command " adb sideload gapps . zip " , where gapps . zip is the filename downloaded earlier . everything run good and i can now see , the necessary services .
take a look at the choosing your google number page in their help section . specifically , have a look at the " learn more about the difference between the two options " expandable link . the gist is that unless you have sprint , choosing to use your mobile number will simply allow you to port your mobile number and turn it into your gvoice number or continue using gvoice lite . this means you lose your mobile number for your cell plan , which is probably not what you want in most cases . if you have sprint then you can choose to have your gvoice number be a copy of your actual mobile number , allowing gvoice communication to essentially appear as though it originated from your mobile phone ( among other things , explained more at about google voice on sprint ) .
for the most part carriers use software and permissions restrictions to prevent users from sharing their android phone 's connection with other devices . with root a person can use a number of different apps to tether their phone to another device or create a wifi hotspot . different roms may even enable someone to use the built in tethering and hotspot features without any issue . on the other end of the spectrum most carriers also look at the types of traffic that are coming across from your device and the user agent that is being used to conduct the internet traffic . i know that t-mobile after a short amount of usage will actually start forwarding your traffic to their hotspot plan webpage . some hotspot apps disguise the user agent to try and prevent this .
you may try under settings -> privacy -> factory data reset .
answering myself , it seems in this phone is under : " sd and phone storage > factory data reset . "
within the calendar app 's menu , see if the newly added calendar shows up in my calendars . select and sync your account . if it does not or you have problems , clear the data cache from within android 's main settings > applications section and resync .
found a thread of people with the same issue . htc was contacted an to fix they said factory reset your phone : with the phone turned off , press and hold the volume down key . briefly press the power key . wait for the screen with the 3 android images to appear . press the volume down key twice to select clear storage . press the power . when asked to confirm , press volume up however this has not worked for many users . the second fix would be this : *hey i will gwy&lt ; ----- when you make a mistake like that instead of tapping the backspace button to get rid of your mistakes . press and hold it until it gets rid of your mistakes its a slight fix but its alot easier to have to deal with the whole delete by selection issue
no , performing a factory reset will not affect your hboot version . you should , however , be able to follow this guide instead ( which uses revolutionary ) . there is another page with instructions here which describes in a bit more detail what revolutionary does and where to go from there . the standard disclaimers with regards to possibly bricking your device apply , of course , and i can not guarantee 100% that it will work .
usually the " status 7" error means that the update is designed for a different phone model ( could be a completely different phone , or just slightly different variant of the same device . ) this check is performed against the existing build.prop file that resides in /system partition . now since the file was missing due to you having formatted the phone , you are stuck in a " catch-22" situation . the work-around is to manually remove the above mentioned check . open the rom 's zip file in your favorite archive program ( winzip , 7-zip , etc . ) within the zip , navigate to META-INF\com\google\android\ folder , and extract only the file named " updater-script" . open this file in a text editor . it is important to use an advanced editor that will not modify the unix line endings on the file when you save it . notepad++ , programmer 's notepad , or ultraedit are good choices , while windows ' built-in notepad or wordpad are not recommended . in the updater-script file , delete the first statement that begins with " assert..." . this statement may span several lines , so delete all of them . e.g. for galaxy s3 it looks like so : assert ( getprop ( "ro . product . device" ) == " m0" || getprop ( "ro . build . product" ) == " m0" || getprop ( "ro . product . device" ) == " i9300" || getprop ( "ro . build . product" ) == " i9300" || getprop ( "ro . product . device" ) == " gt-i9300" || getprop ( "ro . build . product" ) == " gt-i9300" || abort ( "this package is for \"m0 , i9300 , gt-i9300\" devices ; this is a \"" + getprop ( "ro . product . device" ) + "\" . " ) ; ) ; add your edited updater-script file back into the zip file , overwriting the original in the same location . depending on the archiving software you are using , it may be as simple as dragging and dropping it in . now you should be able to flash the modified zip file without it erroring out for model number mismatch . note that these " assert " statements are there for your own protection . you should remove them only if you are absolutely certain that the zip file you downloaded matches your phone 's model number . flashing a rom made for a different phone ( even if it is just a slightly different variant such as at and t galaxy s3 vs . verizon galaxy s3 ) may render your phone inoperable .
the problem that i have faced was caused by trying to install update of android 4.4.2 for my galaxy s3 while the update requires the previous version which is mk3 ( android 4.3 ) . as i mentioned in the question , i have formatted and deleted the whole system that is why status 7 error showed up because "system/build.prop" was already deleted . the only possible solution i made was downloading and flashing the stock rom from the official site using od3n software .
it sounds like your hunch is correct - it is basically a small process monitor . go to settings -> developer options and uncheck the setting labelled " show cpu usage " to disable it .
no . you can only do what you describe on samsung devices with their " knox " feature . this uses special security hardware to provide separate , isolated environments on your phone , so there is no way that information can leak from the " business " environment to the " personal " environment . it is present on their high-end phones since the galaxy s3 , and you can learn more on the official knox website . a similar feature , but for all android devices , is said to be coming in android l , but it is not ready yet . normal user profiles on android do not provide enough isolation for corporate security purposes . it is still possible for the profiles to share information , and for rogue apps with the right permissions to access data from all user profiles . if your device is stolen , it is still necessary to wipe the whole device to prevent an attacker getting access to the private data .
i think you found a solution to your source problem . however your question went unanswered . the information in the battery usage screen is found in /data/system/batterystats.bin https://plus.google.com/u/0/105051985738280261832/posts/fv3lvtdvxpt
i asked htc what it is about and they responded with : the dcs utility services and components are the programs on your telephone that allow connection to the internet provided by your mobile carrier . it stands for data connection service . a little vague . it also cannot be removed , they told me . and as the sense ui was constantly crashing i decided to install cyaogenmod . best decision ever : not only is my data usage halved , the user interface is stable as a rock .
first off you need to use a qr code reader . there is no way around that . you can not teach some to read qr 's , but you can show them the proper way of using such an app . most of the readers have built in dummy instructions - such as center the code in the picture , how far away to get a good reading and other useful tidbits . besides if they can take a picture with the device , they can read a qr code . so to finish off , yes the easiest way is to have an app installed , unless your ( their ) device has one natively installed
yes , just download an app and run it . you can not visually look at a qr code and decode it with your brain .
as dan insisted in his comment , here as separate answer : narayanan already mentioned in his answer that each cell tower can be identified via its " cid " ( cell id ) , and there are several apps available at google play which make use of this . a few examples include : opensignal and rf signal tracker ( source : google play ; click images for larger variant ) opensignal ( first image ) . here the compass gives you the direction to the cell tower . the app has additional features as well , e.g. it can plot cell towers and wifi aps . my favorite in this area however is rf signal tracker , which has comparable features . it can show you on a map in live-mode cell towers you have been recently connected to ( including those you are connected to currently ) and their coverage ( measured while you have been connected to them ) . you can import your own cell data in csv format , or export existing ones to edit them and re-import ) . if you were in logging mode , you can even export a nice kml to see results in google maps or google earth , or simply re-play the recording . another nice feature is the list of " neighbors " , where this app logs when a connection was handed over from one cell to another . there are several more apps having comparable features , so you might want to check the " related " sections on their playstore pages to find the app best fitting for your purpose .
every cell phone transmission tower has a location area code and cell id . there are many apps in google play store that can report these two parameters of the tower that the phone is presently connected to . this is likely to be the nearest ( on the same network ) , but is not necessarily . with these data , you can visit cell2gps and find its latitude and longitude and locate in a map . there are also apps that can do this as well .
it is now the case that all developers can reply to reviews on their apps . the reply shows up publicly next to the review , and by default , the user who left the review gets notified by email ( but users can turn off being notified in the settings on the web ) . there can only be one reply per review . the reviewer can only respond by editing their review , and the developer is not notified when this occurs . it is still not helpful to use reviews for reporting problems with the app , because solving them generally needs several messages back and forth to narrow down the problem , and sometimes needs the user to tell the developer how they were using the app or what they wanted to achieve : something you might not want made public .
android does not support dolby ( digital ) / dts dont compare beats with dolby / dts beats is just an equalizer software layer in between your mixer in android it doesnt encode audio streams from applications , applications have to have build in support for that for music dolby playback its useless , for video playback it is impossible since android needs to have encoder support in the kernel itself then the application for playback needs to support it dolby digital is not giving licence to android platform , they are very picky ipad and macs have encoder support and licence for it for example cinexplayer for ios has exellent support for dolby/dts cinexplayer has also an android app , but no dolby/dts support duo android limitations i am android developer and tried all sorts of things by using code hacks in custom roms to get some kind of dolby playback if the music/video app doesnt support build in dolby/dts then obviously you cannot encode the audio stream for dolby/dts so it doesnt matter even if you have support in the kernel and beats audio and all that crap
though i found no concrete specs saying all ( or which ) android devices might ( or might not ) support it , there are strong indications that it is possible ( and at least partly supported ) : jabra advertizes its app for dolby sound . no explicit mention of " dolby digital , though . xda has a thread titled beats audio with dolby digital advanced audio ; as you can see , this explicitly mentions " dolby digital " . as this discusses an android app , this pre-supposes the technical possibility . androidayuda . com has a spanish article on this topic , which also implicates the availability there are about 5 million hits for a google search on ' android " dolby digital"' , which you might want to check some more from . the few i have picked did not state any restrictions as to the device ( though there are probably some , for what use does the support make if you have no appropriate output , such as hdmi ) . but it is clear that the android os is no hindrance to it . tl ; dr : android itself can obviously deal with it , if the device supports it .
you can flash a stock sony rom on to your device by using flash tool just google it , then you find a stock ftf rom and you can flash it without unlocking the bootloader .
i think you need use seetool box it is the solution for an experia bootloader unlock . all the videos on youtube to unlock bootloader are for movil with yes .
no , unfortunately not in this case , you are seriously out of luck ! it cannot be done . if it did say " bootloader unlock allowed : yes " , then by all means go for it .
got unlock code from safeunlockcode . com within an hour , and could successfully unlock my sony xperia z on the first attempt . this , after even sony xperia z customer care could not find an unlock code for my device since apparently , my mobile 's imei number was not in their system !
microsoft onenote now has an official app for android . you can edit and sync up to 500 notes .
i have followed this issue , and i am quite sure mobilnoter is the best that can be done until ms comes out with an android version of onenote . unlike a mac version , that move seems inevitable , since many windows users are on android .
mobilenoter se will sync with skydrive (office.live.com) but is currently read only . for a couple of weeks in early april , firefox on android worked on office . live . com directly , but m$ changed something and now you can not edit your onenote files online in any android browser i have tried ( and i have tried almost all of them ) . very frustrating . alan
astro file manager does all those things , although i have to agree with webs and say that you should not use task killers as they are no longer needed . for more information , go to application fundamentals and scroll down to component life cycles . just trust the system , the way android is designed means you do not need to do memory management , the os does it for you . even the developer of advanced task killer said in an interview that his application is no longer needed .
if you are running android 2.1 or 2.2 you do not want to use app killers . it actually hinders performance and could cause more problems because android has built in app killing functionality into the os . no app currently exists that can do all three of those . you can get an app that can do the first one , there are lots of those but i would not recommend any of them . or you can get an app that can do those last two . . . native marketplace uninstaller appbrain app market my market app center - by androidpit
i agree that it could potentially cause problems ( i have only had one problem app [ sportstap used to give me a pop-up when i would force-kill it ] , and that has subsequently been fixed ) , but they definitely have their place . sometimes i want to kill everything possible in one fell swoop because of a problem with the app . for example , the built-in newsfeed widget sometimes messes up my touch screen , and killing it corrects my touch issues . nonetheless , i am using taskpanel these days . as webs said , it does not do install/uninstalls , but since he covered those , i figured i would recommend my task killer of choice .
depends on the rom developers . unfortunately no one but someone with an eris or someone that develops for rom manager could answer this question . just download it and see what you get . the way rom manager works is the developers have to contact the rom manager team with the appropriate information that can then be added to the app . so rom manager team can only do so much to get roms in it . plus there are a lot of side conversations about how well clockwork recovery actually works when wiping , but i have never had a problem with this . and the issue of some roms do not play well with clockwork recovery either . on the evo cyanogen is very good about keeping the rom up to date in rom manager . which is nice since it is updated nightly . i say try it again . remember that paying for it will give you access to all the roms , so if you have not paid for it you might not see some roms that you would otherwise see .
you may try any custom contacts/messaging app . if you like you could try contacts + , which can also be used for texting .
when you click Install to install the application ( on the web or on the phone ) , you will notice a pop-up that says what permissions the app has and if you want to continue or not . if the app is already installed , click on the Installed button and the permissions will appear .
it is not a built-in feature on nexus devices , but samsung devices have this in the accessibility settings . inverting all colours is not much use , as some apps have light text on a dark background , and some apps have dark text on a light background . making text easier to read is better achieved by increasing the text size , which is an option on all android devices ( also in the accessibility settings ) .
if you are rooted , you may try getting the camera apk from the 9000 onto your 9003 , but a safer and easier way would be to use alternate apps from the market . what features precisely are you missing out on in the 9003 from the 9000 ? you can try using other camera apps like camera zoom fx or fxcamera . loads more in the market , have a look-see .
take your phone to service center , and let them check whats wrong with your device , i have also got that issue in my micromax device , they changed it is mother board or main board , now my device is running smooth with my battery . fyi : i didnt need to change battery ,
screen filter changes brightness below what is possible using auto or manual settings . it works on android 4.4 . great for bed time reading . correction - ( and contrary to the down vote ) it does let you set the auto brightness level to a level below what it normally would be - without rooting . i just tested it .
it is perfectly possible or you can use one of existing solutions on google play ( for example lux ) edit : ofc it works with 4.4 , using it myself .
i remember this being asked before this should do
that is not a fault of the browser , but of the way android handles dhcp : it simply ignores the offered dns server and sticks to its pre-configured google dns -- which of course does not know your local hostnames . so here is how to work around this : open settings navigate to wifi navigate to your wifi network 's entry . long-tap the entry , chose to edit . activate advanced settings switch from dhcp to static , and replace the first dns server ( usually 8.8.8.8 ) with your own save ( optionally you could try to switch back to dhcp after having changed the dns server , and see if the latter is kept ) now android should use your dns server first , and switch to the secondary only if yours cannot resolve . which means , your " mylaptop . local " should be found now -- from chrome or any other browser and also any other app . before you ask : this setting ( as described above ) would only apply to the modified wifi ap . so no worries you could affect any other . if anything goes wild , you anytime can simply delete the ap and re-create it .
i do not think so . the system dns resolver in apple 's platforms has in-built support for mdns , so that pretty much any app eventually winds up using the core getaddrinfo function and supporting mdns in urls and hostnames and whatnot . on android and other platforms , even if there is a multicast dns daemon running and libraries available for using it , " typical " dns lookups do not . so while recent android releases do give developers some mdns features as part of the platform , most do not go out of their way ( as they would need to do ) to use them . it is a bummer , but afaik there is nothing short of rolling your own custom android build ( or convincing google to change it ) that could really solve this .
the verizon network uses a technology called cdma2000 , or cdma for short . there are different types of cdma2000 connections . the first is 1x , or 1xrtt , which has a potential throughput of 153kbps , but will likely be lower depending on signal strength . when '1x ' is displayed in the status bar , this is the connection type your device has . cdma2000 1xev-do , or ev-do for short , uses multiplexing to increase throughput . the rev . a version of the ev-do standard has a potential throughput of around 3.1mbps . this is the connection type when 3g is displayed in the status bar . verizon is in the process of rolling out a technology called lte which the carrier will market as their 4g service . this new technology will allow much higher throughput ( estimated 12mbps at launch with the specification capable of delivering rates as high as 50-100mbps ) .
settings > > accounts and sync > > add account > > facebook enter your facebook info check the sync contacts checkbox
you can use syncmypix to download display pictures off facebook of your contacts and use those for pre-existing contacts .
currently this functionality does not seem to be possible using voice search . there is a free app in the market called navigationpro which is a little funky to figure out at first . it allows you to save locations and name them in the app . you can then enable the feature in the preferences for the app so that whenever you run the app it automatically prompts you for a name you can speak . once it recognizes the name it automatically goes to google maps and starts navigation for the address .
try starring a place in google maps . sometimes when you say the name of a starred place it will work . however , it can be a bit patchy at times .
unless munged by samsung , while in the people app you should be able to go to menu &rarr ; contacts to display and then choose the account for which you want to see contacts . there is even a " customize " option which allows one to , for instance , only display contacts from certain of an account 's contact groups .
a factory reset will not wipe the sdcard partition . in most cases , you can restore some application data like that ( ex : whatsapp ) . this might differ for an s3 but i know this is the behavior on nexus devices . another option if you have a custom bootloader is that you might be able to access the internal memory using adb shell .
there is nothing in the settings for this , not even in the chrome beta app . i do not see anything at all in chrome://flags/ either . if this ever was a setting you could control it is gone now . it looks like your only viable option is to choose a new browser . fortunately , there are plenty to choose from .
art is currently only included as an option so that developers can test their apps for compatibility , it does not offer benefits for normal people just running normal apps on their phones , quite the opposite in fact at the moment as many of them are not compatible in their current version . there is a reason that the option to enable art is hidden away in the hidden developer menu .
art is still a work in progress and things may or may not work as expected . you can not do anything about except wait for the application 's developer coming with a fix and/or wait for art to be more stable .
i am stuck with 2.1 ( htc desire ) for the time-being , so the app2sd provided by froyo is not available to me . i use appbrain which allows you to keep a synchroised list of the apps installed on your phone in your own ( free ) online account - and then the appbrain app on the phone will then automatically allow you to reinstall the apps you had before . i have used it numerous times when re-flashing my rom . downside - it is a fresh install ; so you lose any data within the apps . upside - free , easy and takes the ball-ache out of reinstalling ; it also allows you to install apps on the phone directly from the appbrain site .
hopefully the next time you get a phone it is froyo or better . i installed froyo on my nexus one and it knew what apps i had installed on the previous system and started to downloand and install a fresh copy for the new os . only downside was that any data with those apps was lost ( like the data from my tracks ) but the next time i upgrade i would imagine even that data will be transfered to the next phone !
google has now launched ( a while back , i believe ) a website for the android market you will find on your phone at market . android . com - just log in with your google account that you have your phone registered to . from there , you can install apps , browse ones that are compatible with your device , and also view all of your purchase history and library of apps , books , and movies found on your device . i am not sure if it will let you transfer apps back and forth between phones , as i only have one device , but i am pretty sure that there is likely a way to re-download purchased apps from there after you de-activate your first phone . hope this helps !
this is a feature that requires froyo , so unless you have a nexus one you will need to either root your phone ( which you have already said you do not want to do ) and install a froyo rom or wait for your manufacturer/carrier to issue you froyo in an update . either way , moving apps to your sd card is pretty straightforward . go into settings , then manage applications . there you should have the option to move your apps to your sd card .
cyanogenmod has its own ota updater . you will not get the official android updates , but the cm updates .
that is a standard android warning . you get that warning when you try to install any keyboard . nope , it will not collect any such data .
search the logcats for stack traceback . try uninstalling apps one at a time , to see if the problem disappears when you uninstalled a certain app . if the issue come from an installed application , then you should uninstall that app and/or contact the developer to fix the crash . if the issue is system level , then there is not much you can do . you can either downgrade to a version that crashes less , or try upgrading to custom rom , although with custom roms the crashes could also get worse . it should be noted that newer android versions have better application management than older versions . i recalled that there is an improvement that comes either in 2.1 or 2.2 or 2.3 that significantly improves the way the out-of-memory killer works .
i figured out why this is happening . the problem is due too a bug that most other android users are having running 2.3.5 and higher . it happens when more than 50 apps are installed on the sd card . to which it seems there is no work around for as of yet . so we are stuck atm .
read [ this ] : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1259739 after you flash the latest rom you could flash the usb host mode which is [ here ] : http://goo.im/devs/psyke83/roms/u8160/hotfixes called usbhost1-cm-7-20120729-madteam-u8160 . zip enjoy .
actually this feature does exist , but it is disabled by default , so to enable it in a vanilla android jelly bean 4.3 you must follow the steps below : open your phone app , tap the dialer tab ( first one at the left ) . tap the action overflow icon ( at bottom right corner ) and tap settings scroll down to section other call settings . you will see the option dial pad autocomplete is unchecked by default . check the dial pad autocomplete checkbox go back to the dialer , now you will see there is a slightly different layout than previously : the top area is now split in two different areas , shown in the picture as double arrows . the area with red arrow will show the phone number you are currently dialing as normally happens , but now the area with green arrow will show the autocomplete suggestions ( contact name and their phone number ) showing up to 3 contacts at the same time . start dialing a phone number and it will autocomplete both by contact name and by phone number as you touch each key . in the example it shows 3 suggestions : two by numbers 3-5-3 and one by letters corresponding to keys 3-5-3 ( e-l-e ) if you do not feel comfortable with dial pad autocomplete , you can turn off this feature whenever you want by going again to settings menu of the phone app .
ok , so after some extensive troubleshooting i found the issue , long story short , you need to have the snapper application installed . snapper application the issue was confirmed to be the combination of the snapper sim and no application when the sim was switched with a different network , non-snapper sim , the phone started working correctly . next the sim was put in a different network , vanilla htc one x , the exact same symptoms occurred . leading me to the conclusion that it was the difference in the sim crashing the process . after installing the snapper application the process instantly stopped crashing .
download the gapps from here : http://goo.im/gapps/gapps-jb-20121011-signed.zip ( latest ) download the zip . check the md5 and flash it from recovery . wipe data and cache . reboot .
download a file mananger -- astro is quite popular -- and delete the contents of /mnt/sdcard/Downloads . the path may be different if your phone has large internal storage .
a short google search for " spmo file " reveals that these are " speedview meta object " files and speed up the display of images . they are probably some sort of cache file and should be automatically recreated if you delete them .
menu -> go to labels -> drafts . it is really just a label .
if it does not allow you to clear defaults , you may be out of luck as that more than likely means samsung hardcoded what is used to open the message .
are you perhaps using the volume control and going all the way to the " bottom " ? that turns on silent mode in my droid . are you hitting the wrong option on the menu when you hit the power button ? i am not familiar with the lg ally , so i do not know if they might have added an extra feature to make it easy to get into silent mode . did you check the manual ?
i had this problem with my new htc touch . i kept accidentally pressing the ' volume down ' button whilst holding the phone . after putting a gel case on the phone , this is not longer a problem , as the case covers the buttons so they are not so sensitive .
i had a similar problem on my motodroid , and downloaded ringguard from the market . it is a simple app that detects whenever the ring volume changes and pops up an on-screen dialog to confirm . if you do not confirm the change within a couple of seconds , it cancels it .
my apologies if this is too much of a me-too , but i will second al everetts comments on the volume control . i have this problem in 2 situations : 1 . in the bracket i use in the car , one of the foam blocks rests a little on the down volume button . i have since cut the foam to reduce this issue . 2 . when i am holding it in landscape mode , i often bump the volume buttons . there are on-screen indicators though , so i usually do not do it without noticing .
generally , what you need to achieve this is to connect to the serial console of the system . like on a desktop system , this gives you all the kernel and init messages as the device boots , and access to a shell once the device has booted . how to connect to the serial console varies between devices , and you have not told us which device you have . usually , you need to take the main board out of its case ( this is irreversible in some devices , as you have to damage the case to get it open ) , and find the serial port . in most cases , there will not be any connector there , just exposed points on the motherboard to solder a connector or ribbon cable to . you need to find the datasheet for the device online to find the right point to connect to . on some devices , the serial console is instead provided by connecting a special adaptor to the headphone jack . with a proper build of the kernel , the device can be made to send serial output on that connector , and you can connect to it with an adaptor you make yourself ( if you can get the specifications from the manufacturer ) .
instant upload is a feature of google+ , which uploads the photos you take with your camera to a private photo folder on google+ for easy sharing . this option allows you to enable/disable this feature , but it can also be controlled from other google apps like google+ and google settings . more info sync internet means syncing your browser history , bookmarks , form input data and other settings on chrome . this requires that you use the same google account on all instances of chrome that you want to sync . i am not certain if this feature syncs the data also to the stock browser , but it is possible .
if there is a short in the usb port on the phone it can cause charging to stop and heating up to occur . i guess that is well past your warranty period , but you could still take it into a phone shop and ask about getting the port replaced . i just had that done on my galaxy nexus and it only took about 15 minutes once the part came in .
there are 90% chances of it should be a hardware defect . most probably the micro usb pins inside your nexus might have been damaged . also there is a possibility of your battery nearing its lifetime . sometimes one in a million batteries die young . so i advice you to check your phone with another compatible battery .
a female-to-female usb adaptor can not fill the role of a usb-on-the-go cable . a device that uses usb-otg has the usb hardware and the drivers needed to act as a usb host or a usb peripheral . the wiring of the usb-otg cable tells the device which role to act in . ( the host side has two pins wired together , but the peripheral side does not . ) most usb peripherals do not have the required hardware or software to act as a usb host . the samsung galaxy tablet 2 7.0 does , but it needs a correctly wired adaptor so that it knows it is supposed to be acting as a host . samsung makes and sells a 30-pin to usb host adaptor , so you might be able to find one at your local electronics shop .
there is a big chapter on that in andrew hoog 's android forensics book on that ( see this amazon list for available copies ) . unfortunately , that book does not come for free ( but from elsevier ; so prices range from ~usd 20 for the kindle edition to ~usd 50 for the print , with some crazy offers for ~usd 170+ as well ) , but it explains a lot of background not only interesting for forensik specialists . a german version of this book now is available for eur 35 , published by franzis ( which can be found e.g. on its german amazon page as well as on the publishers site , see this link ) . while the link to androiduserland given in a comment on the question contains a very rudimentary list , a better ( though also incomplete ) documentation can be found at robotz.com. as said , this is far from being complete , but better for understanding . i remember having seen another documentation at android . com -- some hints can be found there e.g. in the storage options ( check " internal storage " and " external storage " here ) . but a complete documentation of the file system hierarchy is missing here as well . so again , the most complete documentation known to me is hoog 's forensics book . german speakers might also be interested in taking a look into the chapter dateisysteme und datenstrukturen of my book " die androiden-toolbox " , which ( in this community edition ) is freely available in html , mobipocket and pdf versions here on my ebook server ( if you prefer a printed copy with a few more details , the ( extended ) franzis edition das inoffizielle android-systemhandbuch will be available end of this month , i.e. starting around the 26.11.2012 ) . disclosure : as said , i am the author of the second book mentioned . and , not yet mentioned , the translator for the german version of andrew hoog 's book . but that does not mean i hold back other sources here , of course .
based on this forum post , i would say yes . it would not make sense for it to support external harddrives without supporting simpler usb keys . as for specs , google returns many results . endgadget has an overview , with a link to more details .
notes : rooting allows you to install a custom recovery ( clockwork mod or amonra ) to install roms s-off allows you to change the hboot to rearrange your internal partitions i rooted with unrevoked before i used alpharev 's s-off some months later nowadays it is easier apparently . you can get s-off with unrevoked forever too but i am not sure your phone is supported . and unrevoked/alpharev teamed up for revolutionary finally , there are many roms out there , some are better then others . i use oxygen personally with the oxygen hboot for 330mb internal data space . i would use devnull ( same developers ) but it does not have long press to kill
for rooting htc desire 2.3.3 official update you have to use revolutionary . io beta app . its very simple process . you have to download the program on your computer ( windows/linux ) , get the beta key from the website and follow the steps the program asks you to do . i have written a detailed blog here if you want .
you can try installing a different launcher app via the android market web interface . on your pc go to play store and sign in with the same google account as on your phone . find any home replacement app . click on the install button to send the app directly to your phone ( if you have several android devices you will need to select the phone . ) after a few minutes try unlocking your phone . it should ask you to select a launcher app , so pick the one you just installed , or the default one .
if you can connect to the device with adb ( android sdk ) you can open a command line and do : adb uninstall com.gau.go.launcherex adb uninstall com.jiubang.goscreenlock those will remove both go launcher ex and golocker . if you can not you may have to do a factory reset , which will remove all the apps and data on the device ( but to even do that you need to get to the settings application )
you can do either way . the safe method is to update and then root the phone . but you can also root and then install the ota update . but ota will fail if you have custom recovery modified any part of the system like removed bloat , xposed , etc still there is a post in xda to update ota with custom twrp recovery .
most likely this is a problem with the android-x86 image you have downloaded , or else that the virtual hardware you have set up in virtualbox does not match the configuration the image is expecting . check which image file you have downloaded , and make sure the configuration matches what is described in the setup instructions .
the issue is not with your device but with the wireless provider . that is the typical behavior when connecting to a defective hotspot , either over capacity or just a tad too far for a reliable connection . . . sadly there is nothing you can do about it . it happens a lot to bt hotspots in the uk , in london most of them are overloaded during working hours .
there are two cases : you are logged in your google account on your device browser you are not logged in in case 1 , go to www.google.com, scroll down and click on " settings " at the bottom . you will get to a page which gives you the option of wiping your search history in case 2 , go to www.google.com, start typing something in the search box , you will see in the autocomplete the option to wipe your search results . what matthew suggested wipes the search history of your device not on google 's servers . you have to do both if you wanna clear everything .
history in the browser is your history of visited sites . saved form information ( your searches ) is different and separate . hit the Clear form data option in the browser settings .
go to settings , more at the top right of the screen , then click on storage , then click applications , find the google maps application in the list and click it . once inside click clear data and clear cache . this should fix the problem
offline browser app sounds exactly like what you are looking for . you can specify a list of web pages to download for offline reading , along with a per-page configurable link depth ( so that it does not just pull down the home page . )
its too late , but might help somebody landing on this page . i using android paperspan app for this and it downloads original whole page ( no article/pdf ) . so can click on a link from offline page if internet is back . to read them on computer , i copy from phone to computer , then can read as any saved web page . hope this helps .
here is a site that has the specs for the g510 , and it does say that it supports gps . maybe there is a problem with the hardware on the device that the gps chip does not work or something , and the software does not see the chip so it does not show the option . you can try using the " power control " widget if you have it ( i think its part of stock android ) . it has a toggle for gps , and you can see if it lets you turn it on/off .
you can use a vpn application , which usually works with no root access but approaches what you are looking for . in addition , you can use hideman vpn . also , one of your question tags are tor . you can use tor , but only the orweb browser will stay anoynmous . without root , it is not your device that is anonymous .
figured it out myself . while i had uninstalled the previous drivers through the control panel , and uninstalled through the device manager what i needed to do was uninstall through the device manager and check the delete check box before reinstalling . all works fine now .
catch notes should accomplish this very well . they even have a widget that allows you to take a picture and go straight into their editor to comment and add notes . highly recommended . they also have a web counterpart which may make viewing/managing your notes easier . https://market.android.com/details?id=com.threebanana.notes
root is only required if you are installing a system app within the confines of the android os . if you can flash your own rom , you can bypass any restrictions that the os has , because you are able to do anything you want with a custom bootloader before the os has a chance to load and restrict things . if you are creating a custom rom ( off-topic for this site ) , you can edit the rom on a desktop and flash it to the phone . you could simply flash a file using a custom recovery ( such as twrp or clockworkmod ) . if you are on a stock phone with a locked bootloader , you could always root your phone temporarily , remount system as read-write , add the application , then remove root . as far as updates go , as long as the application in the system directory is signed by your key , you should be able to update it ( root not required ) . you will need a way to get updates out , though . you could post in the google play store , use a 3rd party store ( such as amazon app store or f-droid ) , or have the user download the app and side-load it . if you also wrote the app in question , you could probably program a way to self-update as well ( also off-topic for this site ) .
i do not think this precise behavior exists in adw at the moment . however , you can lock your desktop entirely if you want to , which prevents you from moving any of the icons or adding new icons ( or widgets ) . you will have to unlock it whenever you want add widgets/icons but it is only three clicks ( Menu button-&gt;More-&gt;(un)Lock Desktop ) .
ah , this is because it is listed as an unknown piece by an unknown artist as the only piece in my library . the ubuntu rhythmbox program i used to make the ogg vorbis file did not tag automatically for this particular piece , while it did for others . the solution is to tag the file with for instance the " audio tag tool " , then it is searchable in the android music player . understandable , but not obvious to me , i think it would make sense if the player app would search by file names as a last resort if no other matches were found .
going by your description , you are referring to the object circled in this screenshot that thing indicates that the city the time is being shown for is currently running on daylight savings time . in this screenshot , we see that new york is observing daylight savings time , and phoenix is not .
changing to summer time/daylight saving time ? i have it too and wondering what it is . . . it looks like a little sun with two pointers of a clock inside of it
you can not ( reliably ) combine a kernel with a ramdisk from a different kernel . the ramdisk contains the kernel modules you build , so it has to go with the exact same kernel build . if you build a kernel , you have to flash the ramdisk produced by that build along with the kernel image ( and vice-versa ) .
when starting your phone in step 2 of your example , hold the volume down only . once the warning screen appears , then press volume up .
go to google play books , find the book ( s ) , click on the menu ( three vertical dots ) , choose " remove from my library " , and agree to the confirmation that pops up . the books should now be gone from your library and will , once your device syncs , be gone from the device as well .
the media scanner " indexes " the music , videos , images , etc on the sdcard so other apps do not have to scan the entire sdcard to know about them . another feature that uses this is the ringtones/notifications , if it does not scan , you will only be able to select the ringtones/notifications that are located on the device , not ones that are on the sdcard . you can prevent media scanner from indexing a specific folder by creating a file called " . nomedia " in the folder you want ignored . i do not believe that this file is recursive though , so if there are sub-folders , and you dont want them scanned , you would have to create it there too .
as you did not root or install any custom rom , this leaves one the apps you have installed as a possible cause . if you contacted samsung support , they probably would recommend a factory-reset to rule out software issues as well , so this is a working approach . yes , a factory-reset would delete all data and the apps you have installed . you might wish to take a look at our factory-reset tag-wiki and its most frequented questions for details . if a factory-reset indeed solves your issue , start re-installing your apps one-by-one with enough time to check in between . see also our backup tag-wiki for hints on how to save your data . helium - app sync and backup might come in handy here , as it allows you to backup apps and their data , and even restore them separately ( one-by-one ) in an easy way . of course , if you can live with the current state a little longer , you might want to wait for alternative answers first , so maybe a factory-reset is avoidable after all . if you want to use this approach , you find an appropriate item in your device 's settings , as well as in the recovery menu . again , you will find more dtails via the mentioned tag-wiki .
do not worry , you have a few options ! option one : ( i do not have an n7 anymore , so i do not remember if it supports adb push in twrp . but i think it does ) boot into twrp and use adb to push the file from your computer to your device . you can try to open a windows cmd prompt or linux terminal emulator , navigate to the local file , then do the following : adb push AOSP-4.3-JWR66V-grouper-rooted_Androguide.zip /sdcard/ this will push the file to the /sdcard/ directory - which should exist already ( even on a nexus device ) . option two : boot the device to fastboot/bootloader mode and flash any of the factory system images via the fastboot tool . because using fastboot can be intimidating . you could also use the nexus 7 toolkit to automate the process . this will put stock android back on your device , and will also remove twrp . fortunately , you can use the toolkit or fastboot to reinstall twrp immediately afterward .
apps on android do not change their icon to show that there are new notifications , the notifications appear in the notification bar at the top of the screen instead , so that they are always available at a glance , even when you are running other apps . in android apps manage their own notifications , so to change whatsapp 's notification settings you need to open the whatsapp app , and then press your device 's menu button ( or press the ... ellipses icon in the top right of the screen ) then select settings and then select notifications , you can then see the various options that whatsapp has for alerting you about different types of messages .
from previous experience , rebooting the device should fix the issue .
no , it is entirely possible to buy from the play store several times a day . if this were not the case , the microtransaction-based games industry would be in huge trouble ! likely your first transaction tripped an intrusion detection algorithm at the bank . card-not-present ( cnp ) transactions get scrutinised more closely , and online purchases of digital goods even more so , because they are easier to use for fraudulent purposes . if you have never used google play with this card before , and especially if you have previously been a victim of card fraud , then the computers at the bank might have got suspicious . you need to call your card issuer to sort this out .
if you can build and install a modified kernel ( or perhaps just drivers ) and root filesystem , and there exists driver source to use these on a desktop linux , then it should be possible . you might be able to re-write the driver to function via the usb host apis without root , but it would probably take root level access to get the result seen as a network interface . though without that you might still be able to make an on-device proxy server to get a browser to use it .
it is difficult to say with absolute certainty , but generally speaking that is not possible . some devices can be patched and hacked to include support for this , but i am not aware of one for the samsung galaxy s ii on any kernel . the flash drive , mouse and keyboard support is built-in to android whereas usb network dongles need to be hacked on to it . i know it is possible on a number of nvidia platfoms to connect huawei usb dongles , but on the samsung gear , i have never seen a way . in short , that is not known to be possible on the samsung galaxy s ii ics .
try checking your gps with data packets on using native apps like google navigation .
try installing and messing with : gps info and gps test
what you need to do is to enter the account information on the new tablet . it should ask you for it ( along with the other stuff like the time and date ) when you first power the device up . alternatively , it will ask you for it when you open up the play store/market app on the device . there is no need to remove the previous device from your account nor is there any way to . you can have at least 10 devices associated to the same google account at the same time . also , the device will automatically get removed from your account after it has not been in contact with the play store for about 9 months .
this device is not listed in google 's list of devices supported by google play . not all android devices have ( or can run ) google play : android is open-source , so anyone can make an android device , but only those certified by the open handset alliance are allowed the google apps and google play . it does not seem likely you will be able to use google play with this device . the manufacturer 's website looks like it was made by children , and shopnbc is the only retailer that advertises the device . i would suggest you stop buying tablets that are cheaply made for shopping channels and buy one from a reputable manufacturer .
google now is guessing , based on where and when you spend your time . if it is wrong , simply edit it . once manually set it will not guess anymore .
i do it with tasker . note : needs secure settings plugin w/ system+ enabled start hacking ( 11 ) a1: secure settings [ configuration:input method/hacker 's keyboard package:com . intangibleobject . securesettings . plugin name:secure settings timeout ( seconds ) :0 ] stop hacking ( 12 ) a1: secure settings [ configuration:input method/swiftkey package:com . intangibleobject . securesettings . plugin name:secure settings timeout ( seconds ) :0 ] very straightforward - 1 profile linking desired apps with the enter/exit tasks above . over here someone generalized it to return to whatever the previous input method was : https://groups.google.com/forum/m/#!topic/tasker/gmkpiqy6l7c but , like op , these are the only keyboards i use so " hard coding " swiftkey was alright with me .
currently , there is no stable solution available , but you can try keyswap to associate specific keyboard to an app . as android does not allow an app to change input method programatically , your device needs to be rooted for this to work .
rotation locker says that it supports this : lock your screen 's rotation in landscape , portrait or auto . when you launch the app , you are faced with these three options . for doing this quickly , it does also include a widget to lock whatever your current orientation is : a widget is provided so you can lock into whatever your current orientation is . ( useful for reverse landscape for example ) .
you can install airbubble on your android , which works as a speaker using apple 's airplay ( daap ) protocol . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.bubblesoft.android.airbubble pulseaudio can be configured to stream to any airplay receiver - check this answer for details on setting that up : http://superuser.com/questions/331126/how-can-you-stream-music-from-ubuntu-to-airplay-speakers-on-your-network-with-ub with airbubble running , it should show up as a speaker option in the ubuntu sound menu .
ubuntu has built ubuntu one mobile for that very purpose . the service is free to try for one month , then $3.99/month ( or $39.99 yearly ) . it is worth mentioning that the paid account gives you 25gb of storage and unlimited streaming for devices running android 2.1+ , ios 3.1+ as well as windows xp , vista and 7 ( and there are rates for additional storage ) . ( for those who do not wish to stream music , ubuntu one provides 5gb of cloud storage for free . )
check out subsonic . www.subsonic.org it has its own app in the market and should play nice with phone calls . takes about 2 seconds to setup on an internal only network and 3 min to access it from anywhere .
you could try bluetooth , either by an adapter or a new set of speakers .
yes ! there is an app called remote audio which tunnels your computer 's audio output over either ssh or 1 or 2 other protocols . i just installed it and have not set it up yet , but i plan on using it alongside a remote vnc connection to my desktop at home so i can use energy xt remotely to sequence song ideas from wherever in the world i happen to be . = ) i am sure the ubuntu thing works awesome for music , and probably involves a simpler set-up , but this will stream any sound your computer makes , and it is free ( and works with any *nix system ) . the rhythembox thing you posted about would work awesome too , but you need to set up an icecast media streaming server first .
i use the old winamp shoutcast streaming server tools . then use one of the apps that play shoutcast stations . winamp ( official app , but shoutcast streaming still in development as of 11/8/2010 ) or xiialive ( appbrain link ) .
have you thought of an upnp av approach ? the protocol allows streaming of media between various devices in the same network ( e . g . wifi ) . there is a large variety of servers and clients for all the oses . for example , mediatomb is a well-known media server also available for ubuntu . for playback on the phone you could use allshare , which comes preinstalled on some phones , or a free client like bubbleupnp or skifta .
by menu , i am assuming you are referring to the app drawer . i do not know if the stock samsung launcher gives you the ability to hide apps , but several 3rd party launchers offer that functionality . apex and nova both give you the ability to hide and create custom app groups in the drawer . there are free versions of both in the market with each offering a paid version with expanded functionality .
this is a power consumption thing . most time when you are not using a smartphone it is in suspended state . i.e. , as many as possible components are off and do not consume power . awake means the cpu is in the running state . this usually means you are using it and the screen is also on . android devices also regularly wake up to check email , push notifications and so on even when thescreen is off . also playing music or using navigation both with screen off forces the cpu to be awake . hence your finding : more awake -> more battery drain
version 1.0.7 is significantly larger than previous versions . even after moving to the sd card i am showing 14.5mb taking up system storage . that'll account for your 2mb reduction in space . google generally has not allowed for their apps to be moved to the sd card , presumably so they can be sure widgets will work or other performance considerations . however , since this version weighs in at over 24mb i guess their hand was forced .
i use an app called delayed lock . you can set it to stay unlocked for a set time after last unlock or after screen off and then it will enable the pin/pw again . it can also be used to unlock the device on specific wifi networks and lock when it disconnects ( you still have to use your pin/pw the first time ) . and there is a plugin for it that uses location to disable the pin/pw as well .
first of all try booting it into recovery mode . to enter recovery mode turn the device off and hold vol up , vol down , home and power . when the phone vibrates let go of the buttons and it should boot into recovery mode . now using the volume keys to move up and down the list and the power button to select , go to wipe data/factory reset . select yes . wait for it to reset . now select reboot system now . if you still get stuck on the splash screen you will probably have to re-flash the firmware using odin . there are plenty of guides on youtube and xda for using odin to re-flash firmware , just watch any tutorial but use the firmware for your device , which you can get here http://www.sammobile.com/firmwares/ . simply search for your device ( s7562 ) and download the firmware for your country . i would tell you how to use odin but i have not used it for quite a while but it is pretty simple , all you really do is press a button , good luck .
am start -a android.intent.action.MAIN -c android.intent.category.HOME  more info about shell commands : an archived version of the androidwiki page
consider taking at look at the following link : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/view/keyevent.html input keyevent KEYCODE_HOME
you need to modify the ro.build.display.id= field in the file called build . prop within your rom .
providing the o/s is up to date enough to run most of the apps at the " store " then it is simply a case of downloading one of the few apps already dedicated for security captures . there are a few apps that allow pictures to be taken and uploaded via ftp and one i seen had a motion sensor option . another option would be a vnc type connection so you can manually control the functions of the recycled phones . again if the phone is able to run these programs , these apps already exist . if you were writing the code you would need to target early versions of android o/s to find your niche among the other cool apps that do what you are picturing . if you are asking if anyone has had the idea to use these " recycled " phones and redistribute them in one way or another , i have never seen any that market used smartphones as a security network . there are projects that can activate old phones for the needy , some that donate to soldiers , and a few that recycle the precious metals inside but i have yet to find any that fit your question as asked . however for the prices mentioned you can get dedicated ip cameras for close to the same cost . if your company were to take donated phones with the intent of refurbishing and redistributed to the " under privileged " or lower income families for extra security you may have a better chance of attracting supporters / backers . interesting concept , absolutely feasible , i hope you are successful .
no , what matters for clarity is acuity , or the " number of pixels versus screen size versus viewing distance " . a 800x480 image shown on a 100" monitor seen 30 cm viewing distance would look awfully pixelated , while 480x320 screen on a 2" monitor seen at the same viewing distance would look very sharp . lg optimus s has a 480x320 pixels on a 3.2 inch screen ( i.e. . 2.66x1.78 inch screen ) . the pixel density of lg optimus s is ( 480/2.66 = 320/1.78 ) = 180 pixel per inch , iow the size of a single pixel is 1/180 inch . on a viewing distance of 20 cm ( the typical viewing distance for a phone ) , 180 pixel per inch translates to 0.04233 arcminute per pixels . for comparison , human eyes can resolve 0.3 arcminute in a good lighting condition . the extra resolution gives programs two options ; it can either use it to fit more stuff in the same area , or it could use higher resolution images and produce sharper display . home screens often do not do the first since it will make the icons smaller and more difficult to press , instead they calculate the amount of stuff to fit from the actual physical size of the screen instead of the resolution .
to answer your question , yes screen resolution matters in the use of third-party application . although by design a application should not care what the resolution is but over all the applications i have installed on my phone it is clear that the larger the resolution the more the application becomes visible . take one of the default application , as an example , if you were to use a smaller resolution parts of the application will become hidden . sometimes the options are not accessible because of a designer forgetting to acknowledgment the possibility of smaller resolution . i suggest to get a phone capable of larger resolutions , or find an android build that can mimic the larger resolutions .
those instructions are bs . flash does not work on 2.1 . however , there are several devices that run flash lite ( it came on my galaxy s vibrant , for example ) . someone with flash lite tried that and thought they had real flash when really they just had lite , and it spread for a while before being debunked . just read the comments on that post . edit : according to lie ryan 's comment below , full flash is compiled for armv7 chips , and so will not work on other processors even with 2.2 . edit 2 : adobe now has a list of devices that run flash : http://www.adobe.com/flashplatform/certified_devices/
angry birds save data is stored to /data/data/com.rovio.angrybirds/files . i do not believe it is backed up to google . normally all that is backed up is your list of apps , certain settings , contacts , etc . so your wipe data would have erased it . i always use titanium backup to save my apps and their data . and when i do something risky like flash a beta rom that might wipe the phone storage , i back up titanium 's backup folder to my pc .
meridian media player has support for lyrics - i believe , embedded as well as . lrc files , but you might need the payware pro version for that functionality to be enabled . update : you are right ! turns out i had . lrc files in my music folder which is why i was seeing lyrics .
i have not actually researched this answer , so take it with a grain of salt . basing it off of other development work i have done with mp3s in the past . i do not think there would be any reason that android would limit an application from reading the embedded lyrics ( or , rather lyrics from the id3 tag ) . because the tag supports this , really all you would need is a java library that you can bring into your android app that will read the lyrics . with that said , the lyrics tag tends to be a little more in the " advanced support " for many applications . everybody reads the title and artist tags . most people will even display the album art ( which is also part of the id3 ) . i have not researched any recent libraries , but if you are curious about the id3 tag in general , read this id3 easy article . so , the short answer is : no , nothing is stopping anybody from supporting it other than library support . either a library does not exist , or nobody cares to utilize that feature within an android media player . hope that helps !
is there something in the android architecture that prevents people from creating mp3 players that read embedded lyrics ? apparently the answer is " yes . " there is an open issue in android 's issue tracker on this very problem . only users with commit permission may comment , but you can star and follow the issue and perhaps help it get more attention .
everything seems to be working fine now . even before the upgrade , it worked intermittently . but since the upgrade , it seems to be solid . running version 2.3.2 .
well , no there is no any test which could help you in determining , and yes one more thing os upgrades make your device faster rather than slower . so i am sorry but i do not think that there is any use of asking such question . flashing rom other than the stock rom can results in decreasing speed or other similar problems but i do not think that downloading and installing the os upgrades received directly from the vendor will slow your device down , because before feeding those rom over the air they perform a number of test to give your flawless experience .
there is no " test " to my knowledge like there was for windows . however , to ensure the best results from an upgrade i recommend factory resetting your phone after you back up your information . this will ensure no third party app incompatibilities with the updated software .
1 : yes , android does have many partitions as mentioned here 2 : by default it is locked unless you unlock it as mentioned here 3 : yes , it must be unlocked as mentioned in xda-developers 's flashing guide 4: a : no you do not have to b:it depends on your vendor . 5:yes , it can as mentioned in xda-developers 's root i9100g 6:it might brick your phone but for me it stopped in the middle and it did not brick .
to answer your questions individually : not all handsets have those partitions - sony has boot and recovery combined into one . most bootloaders are locked by the appropriate manufacturer . some are willing to allow you to unlock the bootloader through their website ( check with that first ) yes , the bootloader must be unlocked , that is to enable the overwriting of the boot loader with a custom kernel , in some cases , see sony above , if overwriting the boot , you are hosed ! see 3 above . for 4 and 5 , the ics has a different method of exploiting root unlike previous versions , zergrush is the latest for gingerbread , as for ics and later , not 100% sure . as for bricking , now , let 's clear up something , bricking is a wrong terminology to use . the only true way of bricking is , doing a firmware update , and halfway through that process , pull the cable . . . you are well and truly hosed . by firmware definition , i am not referring to rom updates mind you , its more of hardware update - think of bios updates on desktop pcs , then you are not far off the mark there , such as radio firmware . the problem is the word brick has become a common parlance among new beginners to android and often associated with the ' rooting process ' , and that is fud . think about it , a brick used to build a wall , that is a brick . phones can be brought back from the dead so to speak with specialized jtag cables and stripping down the phone to the circuitary level ( some have it accessible to avoid stripping down ) . that is a hardware-brick - can only happen with the above scenario in firmware update - pull the cable halfway through or even , attempting to do a firmware update when the battery is &lt ; 5% and the battery dies , that is another way . that is why it is recommended to have the battery have sufficient charge capacity > 85% prior to doing a firmware update . soft brick on the other hand - is commonly associated with boot-loops , incorrect rom flashing . that is salvageable . you will know if a brick has happened , phone is dead , no power , not responding with a fully charged battery . if on the other hand , you see a boot logo appear , and responds to power , leds lights on , its not bricked . that is a very simple but important concept to understand to aid in distinguishing when doing the procedures such as rooting it , updating roms .
single user boot is a feature of the init daemon ( initd , like sysvinit ) and not the linux kernel . since android only shares the kernel with linux and not the init process , a genuine single user boot can not be achieved . android has something that is called " recovery mode " , but it is not exactly the same as a single user boot on an unix system . the approach of recovery mode on android is different because instead of trying to repair the bricked/broken system , on simply can re-flash the rom or perform a factory reset , which will hopefully restore the systems functionality . about the init used : android uses just a script called init.rc , which gets started by the kernel and is used to start further services . you can view the current source of init.rc here . it supports no runlevels .
iirc , there is a equivalent of a single mode in android , when powering up , hold down the menu key , android boots into ' safe mode ' a l windows safe mode . this will vary with manufacturers and their stock roms .
as per a brief introduction single user mode , also referred to as maintenance mode and runlevel 1 , is a way of running linux or another unix-like operating system that uses minimal system resources and provides only minimal functionality . single user mode can be useful for checking and repairing operating systems , particularly those that have been damaged and will not allow booting ( i.e. . , starting up ) into the default gui ( graphical user interface ) or console ( i.e. . , text-only ) multi-user mode . source : the linux information project - how to change to single user mode to answer your question with android , the equivalent of a low runlevel , as to perform critical operations with minimal system resources , is rooting . from the wikipedia - rooting ( android os ) : as android was derived from the linux kernel , rooting an android device is similar in practice to accessing administrative permissions on linux or any other unix-like operating system . references : since what you are actually seeking is a way to root your device and gain the maximum allowed privileges over it , you can refer to this links : internal links how do i root my device ? external links life hacker - the always up-to-date guide to rooting the most popular android phones
contact your hosted exchange provider to turn the push off . they are enforcing it . another way : turn your email notification off or set its ringtone ' silent ' . but , its inconvenient .
install juicedefender and set it to only allow data connections with the interval you want . you might need one of the paid versions if you need this to work on wifi as well .
it should pop up when you hold the menu button . i do not know if this works on tablets with android 3.0 or higher but it will work on android 2.1 , 2.2 and 2.3 . good luck !
it should pop up when you tap on a text box . if it does not , does there appear a small keyboard icon in the bottom right corner ?
the dialog you mention is nothing to do with usb debugging : it is because the device 's storage is mounted ( via mtp or usb mass storage ) , and some app has a file open from that storage . it could be that you have a file manager window looking at the device 's storage , or that your music player software is automatically indexing files on it , or something else . to avoid the dialog , you need to find and close whatever software on your desktop computer has files from the phone open . on linux you can use the lsof tool to help ; on windows you just have to guess .
from command prompt you can enter the following command adb kill-server  and then try ejecting .
try actually pasting it . you could try the often-built-in memo app , gmail , email , or something like docs to go if you want to save it .
google offers a tutorial on how to delete auto backups on their support site : how to delete auto backups
i have occasionally seen a new ( or factory reset ) n7 refuse to appear on a pc until you change the storage mode to camera then back to mtp . from memory ( i do not have my n7 to hand ) go to settings , storage , tap the three dot menu and there is an option to change the storage mode there .
most likely a hardware issue . i recommend you get your device repaired by sending it to google/asus .
reset to current date , and i can definitely say a secure website will open .
as for uninstalling apps , i do not think so . standard apps ( ones that do not use root access ) have at most three parts : a single executable file a .apk archive containing the entire app -- similar to windows apps that are entirely contained in a .exe file ( like most installers : it not only carries all the code it needs but also all pictures , config files it needs , etc . ) it is stored in /data/app usually a single folder containing all userdata this is for things like settings storage , or caches although this is comparable to yoir appdata folder it does not get cluttered because apps are only allowed a single folder here that is managed completely by the system and is easily deleted when uninstalled stored in /data/data possibly another folder in /sdcard/Android/data basically the same as the /data/data folder but if the app needs a lot of space for extra files it puts them here when an app is uninstalled , all these parts are destroyed by the system , so i can not think of anything that would get cluttered but the fragmentation of the sdcard . do not download any defrag apps ( i have not found a single one that was not some sort of scam ) . instead , get a card reader and defrag it on your pc if need be . edit : as suggested by izzy below , sd maid is a nice manager/cleaner
did you guys checkout the updated amazon 's official help documentation ? how can i delete an app from the my apps list ? visit your apps from a web browser . select " delete this app " from the " actions . . . " drop down menu to the right of the app you had like to delete . confirm you had like to delete the app and your app will be removed from the my apps list on all android devices registered to your account . if the app has been downloaded to a device , it will have to be manually uninstalled .
just fyi , they have instructions posted on their site under the " your apps and device " section of amazon.com/apps , support should have been able to respond to that very quickly . uninstall is definitely lacking in the app itself . note : if you uninstall the amazon appstore itself , some apps downloaded through it may no longer function , this was confirmed with angry birds rio by droid-life .
from the homescreen hit the menu button and select Settings . then select Applications , and then Manage applications . find the app you want to uninstall and select it , then clear the data associated with it by tapping Clear data and then tap Uninstall . voila ! edit : i actually just noticed this in amazon 's official help documentation for their appstore ( from june 14th , 2011 ) : . . . amazon tested to ensure the highest quality apps in our catalog , we take all submissions through a series of tests . in this process we screen the apps for known viruses and malware , test the app to check that it actually does what it claims to do , and test whether the app affects the stability of the other functions of your phone . these tests include ( but are not limited to ) : installation : the application installs and opens , upgrades can be installed and the application can be uninstalled by following the phone 's regular uninstall method . . . . ( italics added by me . ) clearly they intentionally left out an amazon appstore-native method of removing apps you have downloaded and installed from them .
if you are able to connect an external bluetooth dongle to the android device , it ought to work for you , even with an intrnal bluetooth present . android devices with os v3.1 and above shall support usb host capabilities . so , it is advisable to experiment with devices with the above operating systems . however , it will be on your end to make the dongle work for you ; i.e. by creating a separate application for the same .
i do not know how you lost them or if its a common problem . but you definitely can get back the lost contacts provided they were synced with google contacts ( not sim contacts ) . first try to sync and see if contacts come back . if we cleared data of " contact storage " from manage applications , all the synced contacts in phone will disappear until you sync back again . if that does not help , google contacts fortunately has restore option . open gmail , go to contacts , select more and select restore contacts .
a vast majority of it . my device says i have up to 5gb of internal storage that i can use . additionally you can throw in an sd card . in my experience about 98% of the apps on the market will work on your rooted ( stock ) nook color . if you flash cyanogenmod 7 or similar , then they all should work . if you remain with stock , there are some minor quirky issues because there are a few things missing from the os . for example , trying to create a " shortcut " will cause a force close .
below is the output of " df -h -a " command on my nook color running cyanogenmod 7.0 rom ( 2.3.3 ) which gives you a break-down of the mounted partitions : out of 8 gigabytes of internal memory ~500 mb is reserved for the rom itself ( /rom and /system ) , ~1.5 gb is for app storage ( /data and /cache ) , 5 gb is for data storage ( /mnt/emmc ) and another ~500mb reserved for other miscellaneous android operations . you can also see my 8gb sd card mounted on /mnt/sdcard . keep in mind that these partitions can be ( and usually are ) remapped based on the needs of a given rom . in terms of your question regarding apps from the market , there are some limitations that mostly depend on the type and version of the rom you are planning to run . the biggest concern the screen resolution and lcd density . several apps , including the market itself ( vending . apk ) are quite picky about how well ( or even if ) they will work properly . most common side-effect is apps displaying in a tiny window instead of properly scaling . most can be fixed by disabling compatibility mode in spare parts , but some ( e . g . google reader ) will only function with a certain lcd density that could be in conflict with other apps . keep in mind that most of the custom roms for nook color are works in progress , so expect to see better compatibility with all apps going forward . also , if rumors of froyo ( 2.2 ) update for the official nook color firmware are true , we could see better performance once the official display/video/audio/etc . driver upgrades are rolled into custom roms .
to root a nook hd or hd+ you can use clockworkmod ( cwm ) recovery , a tool to install modifications to an android device . follow the instructions on this xda thread to create bootable micro sd from one the provided images . i used win32diskimager on a windows xp net-book with a built-in card-reader to burn a sd with the nookhd-bootable-cwm-6025-for-emmc-stock-small-rev2 . zip image . and i copied nookhd-hdplus-universal-root-rev1 . zip into it . once i could boot my nook from the cwm sd i made a backup and used " install zip from sd " to apply the nookhd-hdplus-universal-root-rev1 . zip more information and tips to be found at the xda thread
2 things to try : go to settings-> apps-> all-> find ' download manager ' and open it . make sure it is enabled . go to settings-> apps-> all-> find google play store and open it . clear the data and the cache . try again .
i have never used the apple store , so i can not help you with comparing them , but to answer the parts that i can . on a pc you can look through the website for the magazines section of the google play store to find magazines . you should be able to find areas for top magazines , staff favourites and various other categories . on your phone or tablet you can use the google play magazines app or the play store app . either open the magazines app and press the overflow button at the top left and select shop , or open the play store app and select the magazines category from the top of the first screen . if magazines have only just become available in your country then it is very likely that google have not set up deals with all of the magazine publishers in your country yet , so there may be a smaller selection of magazines than you are expecting . i know that when magazines became available in the uk it seemed to take about 3 months before some of my favourite magazines started showing up .
same issue on an htc desire ( android 2.3.3 ) i had a crazy scrolling when tapping a text input field ( the field get the focus but was scrolled out of the screen ) and even worst : when entering values from the native keypad , each keytap was creating an arbitrary scroll . . after seeing this article i looked for some specific -webkit-transform tags and after removing them the issue is gone ! the lines were not even used , it was leftovers from previous attempts staying aside in a css file ! ! !
go on this forum , maybe it will help you http://androidforums.com/international-galaxy-s4-all-things-root/732797-rooting-galaxy-s4-dummies-guide.html
being aware it is not a full fledged solution but rather a work-around ( it is still unclear what is causing the underlying issue ) , this answer sums up what we figured being a work-around at least : as the files/directories do not show up the usual way via " sharing the sdcard " , they can still be accessed by other means . one example is using adb : using adb pull files can be transfered from the device to the computer , and with adb push in the other direction . examples : adb pull /sdcard/Sounds/ E:\audio\phone would take the entire folder /sdcard/Sounds and save it as E:\audio\phone on the computer adb push E:\audio\phone /sdcard/Sounds/ for the opposite culprit : types of " source " and " target " must match . if " source " is a file , " target " must be a file as well : adb pull /sdcard/Sounds/some.mp3 E:\audio\phone would fail as the source is a file and the target a directory . other draw-backs can be worked around as well : if you prefer a graphical solution over playing at the command line , there are several good guis available , e.g. qtadb droid explorer ( by our member ryan conrad ) and several more . as a side-effect of installing adb , you have got a powerful tool ready which will certainly help you with many other things ! for getting adb to work without installing the full sdk , please refer to is there a minimal installation of adb ? more adb related information can be found via our adb tag and its tag-wiki . alternatives include several " wifi file managers " , which are too many to be listed here . so if you rather want a " simple app installed " on your android device , and then do everything with your browser , you might wish to take a look at the following lists : manage your android device from your computer ftp server various file servers
multiple approaches here , none tried myself as i never had that issue : first , before manually altering the symlinks , you might need to re-mount the root file system read-write . still , even if you succeed this way , you might have to repeat the actions after each reboot  so let 's check for other alternatives . there are several apps availabe which care for this kind of problem , some of them even specific to samsung devices . a good candidate is probably root external 2 internal sd , which " swaps " the two cards just the way you want to do it . no manual fiddling with init.rc or vold.fstab required .
as far as i know , you can change this by editing /system/etc/vold.fstab , but if it does not have what you need , you might have to tamper with init.rc inside boot.img . i am not sure if what you are aiming to do is safe though , what with the recent switch to fuse sdcards .
the partition you want to write to is called boot , not bootloader , so the correct command is fastboot flash boot boot.img 
according to their dev blog , the appstore does download a small token for drm'd apps which it uses to validate them at launch : how can you verify that the user has an entitlement to the app without internet access ? during the installation process for an app , the amazon appstore client downloads a small token that grants the user the right to access the application . a valid token permits the user that purchased the app to access their app offline . the amazon appstore client will periodically communicate with amazon servers to refresh the token . my guess as to why you see the error is that the token is either out of date or just got corrupted somehow ( bug in the appstore maybe ) . re-downloading probably refreshes the token since it is originally retrieved at install time , but it sounds like you may also be able to clear the appstore data and sign in to get a valid token , or possibly just launch the appstore and let it connect/refresh itself ( have not tried these myself as i have not had this error yet ) .
i just learned this lesson the hard way . amazon requires at least a once daily connection to the internet or you will not be able to access your apps purchased from them . i was overseas with spotty internet service and after one day all apps gave me the same error message . amazon made no apologies when i complained , but they refunded my purchases so i could buy them again through the android market , which does not have such idiotic requirements .
according to the information wormed out by the comments , the culprit seems to lie in the way the files have been transfered  as the transfer method chosen obviously did not trigger the media scanner . explanation : most media players rely on the media database ( a sqlite database ) to find available tracks , as a simple database query is both faster and less battery consuming than scanning all available storage . hence the latter is left to a single app , the so-called media scanner . once triggered , it scans all available storage and feeds its finds to the sqlite database . this media scanner is triggered by different events : following a device boot ( boot_completed ) , mounting a storage ( e . g . putting in a sdcard ) , and unmounting from usb mass storage are some examples . so if the files were copied e.g. via some wifi app , and the media scanner had not explicitly been triggered , those players will not find the new files . work arounds you can assume from the explanation : umount/mount the sdcard , or reboot the device . both not really elegant . alternatively , check the playstore for some helpers like sdrescan , media scanner , or rescan media , which are simply triggering the media scanner when you tap their widgets .
is your phone still using the stock recovery ? that may be the problem . if you are trying to flash / update clockworkmod ( cwm ) zips , then you need to have cwm recovery on your phone . an easy way to install cwm would be described in this answer ; needs root .
it turned out , that when i set system language to russian , smart dialer adds russian letters . i used morelocale2 to add russian system language . and i had to use the " pm grant " trick to make morelocale2 work .
firstly , you need to write here model of your phone and firmware version . some examples from practice . lg optimus one . i did not realize very long time how to make google contacts from phone . it is simple . when you create contact there is on top of windows drop-down box , where are three items : Phone ( or PC Sync ) , SIM Google . it is obvious where each item saves contact data . default item is Phone . video how to create contact and select it is type . htc inspire 4g . default behavior is to create google contacts . but there is also drop-down menu where i can select SIM or Phone items . please look through your phone menus more thoroughly . also you can make contacts directly in web-interface of gmail . after small time they will be available in phone . and when you edit such contacts , they are edited on google server too . one thing you need to make such functionality available is to connect your phone and your google account .
google only keeps track of your google contacts . the contacts app on android allows other apps to provide data to it . that is how you get your skype etc . contacts on your phone but google can not know what they will be and can not sync them .
i had the same problem . . downloading the firmware update from asus ( from the hd7 tablet ) appear to have solved the problems . remember , you must un-mount the micro sd before removing it see manual http://dlcdnet.asus.com/pub/asus/eeepad/me173x/e8255_k00b_me173x_em.pdf good luck good luck
my wife is having the same issue . it seems to be related to how you hold or handle the tablet . if she hands it to me and i am handling it by the top right corner , it will almost always sense the card is not there . as soon as i change where i am holding it by the card is mounted again . it seems like the card is loosing contact with the port by a minor flexing ( just by the weight of the tablet itself ) when you handle the top right corner only . it is annoying .
the amount of ram is not the main factor that determines how smoothly a game runs . the other items on the spec sheet are just as important : what model of cpu it has ( arm 11 , cortex-a8 , cortex-a9 , cortex-a15 , and c ) how many cpu cores there are ( some games benefit more from having multiple cores than others ) what clock speed the cpu runs at ( measured in ghz ) what model of gpu it has ( e . g mali-400mp4 ) what clock speed the gpu runs at ( measured in ghz ) and there are many other important factors you probably will not find written down anywhere , such as the clock speed of the ram , what kind of memory controller it has , and the size of the cpu and gpu caches . the software makes a big difference too : for example , if the power management driver ( supplied by the manufacturer ) is inefficient , the cpu and gpu may spend most of their time running more slowly than the rated clock speed . in addition , the pixel size of the display makes a big difference . for example , if you made a tablet with the exact same hardware as a nexus 7 but a 1080p display instead of a 720p display , you had find many games would run much slower on this device , simply because there are more than twice as many pixels to process and store in memory . one of the reasons that unbranded devices are so cheap is that the manufacturers often invest in the ' headline ' specs , but then skimp on the other components , or use inefficient software . for example , it is commonplace to use a gpu that looks good on paper , but cripple it by only giving it a very slow connection to the device 's ram , through a cheap memory controller . the only way you can really tell how smooth your games will run is by measuring on the device : ideally with the game you are interested in , but more commonly using a benchmark such as glbenchmark that represents an ' average ' game . that is why review sites like to include benchmark figures as a big part of the review of a new device .
running a game smoothly does depend on ram as well as the capability of your processor and more significantly the graphics chipset employed on your device . compare all three of these factors and you will understand hopefully why your huawei g300 does not run the game of your choice as well as your nexus 7 .
just figured this one out having had the same problem myself ( htc desire hd , android 2.2 ) . . . . from the " all messages " view , press the menu button . a " drafts " icon appears ( a floppy disk icon ) - press that , and it takes you to a view of all your drafts . press and hold a draft message to view/delete or press the menu button again and select delete drafts to go to a view where you can bulk mark the drafts you want to delete . hope that helps !
just clear the text of the draft message , and it will automatically disappear
have you tried pressing and holding on the text of the draft message and then using the context menu to delete that single draft message ?
i was having this issue too . apparently google does not deem pptp secure enough , so they disable it from the " always on " menu .
not necessary . . . no need to downgrade . . .
if your device is rooted/unlocked , and you already use a custom recovery ( like clockworkmod or twrp ) , there is no need to downgrade first . flashing the custom-rom will either replace the complete system , regardless of the installed version : usually , the images contain complete " disk images " for all relevant partitions . if , on the other hand , your device is not rooted , and there does not exist any rooting solution for the currently installed android version , but only for ics : then yes , you might need to downgrade so you can gain root access to your device , and flash a custom recovery . on some devices it might be sufficient to simply unlock the bootloader in order to install a custom recovery or flash a custom rom . if that applies to your device , i must leave for someone else to answer .
no . there is no auto off-road mode in opera . my suggestion is that you keep both opera for android and opera mini on your device . when you are on mobile data , use opera mini . else , use opera for android with off-road mode off .
since you do have working fastboot access , you have a few options from there : you can . . . get a custom recovery like twrp . then run fastboot flash recovery /path/to/twrp.img . with twrp , you can to try to reinstall roms , do factory resets , and make backups of your current system ( which may be a good idea , even if it is bricked ) . do a factory reset with fastboot format data and fastboot format cache . try to install stock android ( keeping data ) from the factory images by running included flash-base.sh , included in the image download . if all else fails , you can unbrick it by running the flash-all.sh - which will essentially reset it to a like-new state , with the stock os and no data . if you wind up doing a factory reset after all , you can use titanium backup to extract the apps and settings from the twrp backups .
ok solved ! we have operation ! here is what happened . Fastboot format data failed " cannot format partition type ' ' please enter password : error popped up in twrp when i had never set one and when i tried to do anything it could never mount /system or /cache or anything i did fastboot flash recovery clockwork recovery zip and from there i got the error ' cannot read sideload ' . luckily the answer to that was a google search away with the fix of putting the file in the same dir as adb . so by using clockwork recovery " install from sideload " option andadb sideload rom.zip i was able to install a custom rom and boot into it ! woooohooo unbricked ! thanks !
my phone has no ambient light sensor and i had exactly the same problem . i have been using automateit , it is an application of similar vein to tasker/locale , except that there is a free version as well as a paid version . it can change brightness settings based on triggers , such as time of the day , or whether you are connected to your home wifi . the paid version allows you to combine multiple triggers into composite rules using and/or boolean logic .
if you do not mind paying a few bucks , i highly recommend tasker . this automation utility allows you to set up many built-in ( and some 3rd-party app ) android actions based on various parameters , including time of day . in tasker you will need to create 2 separate profiles , and to each add 2 actions . 1st action will be identical in both profiles - disabling the auto brightness . second one will be similar - a time-based action to change the display brightness , with time of day and brightness level being the differences . start tasker and tap the + button on the bottom o the main screen to create a new profile . give it a descriptive name , such as " brightness down " for example . choose the " time " context on the presented menu . for the " from:" option select the time of day you wish to have brightness lowered . un-check the " to:" option , and tap the green " accept " button . on the " task selection " dialog tap the " new task " button and name it " lower screen brightness " and tap the " accept " button . tap the "+" button to add an action , select " display " category , select the " auto brightness " action , select the " off " option on the " set " drop-down , and press the green " accept " button . tap the "+" button to add another action , select " display " category , elect the " display brightness " action , set the desirable low level ( 20 being the lowest recommended setting ) , ensure that both " ignore current level " and " immediate effect " options are checked , and tap the green " accept " button . tap the green " accept " button on the " task edit / . . . " screen . on the main screen tap the " brightness down " profile once , then tap on its wrench button , and select the " clone " option . tap the newly-cloned profile , tap its wrench button , select the " rename " option and name it " brightness up " . tap on the clock icon , select the " edit " option , change the " from:" time to the time of day when you had like brightness increased , and tap the green " accept " button . now tap on the task itself ( name you gave it in step 5 ) , select " rename " option , name it " increase screen brightness " , and tap the green " accept " button . tap the task again , and select the " edit " option . tap on the " display brightness " action , set the level to a higher setting , and tap the green " accept " button . tap the green " accept " button on the " task edit / . . . " screen . ensure that on the main screen , the button on bottom-right reads " on " , and exit the tasker app . you should now be all set .
not sure what phone you have got but most of the higher end android phones have light sensors , and you can set the screen to adjust its brightness automatically depending on the ambient light at the time . if you have got the power bar widget on your home screen ( its one of the built-in android widgets since donut ) just tap the far-right brightness icon until it shows an " a " for automatic brightness . alternatively go into settings -> display -> brightness and tick the " automatic brightness " option .
well , nobody seemed to be able to answer this question , so i went ahead and applied the update . overall , i am glad i did . i have not noticed any significant change in performance . i could take or leave most of the ui changes included in touchwiz , but there are a few things in the new ui that are very nice . one is that toggles for things like bluetooth , wifi , and auto-rotation are now immediately accessible in the notifications pop-up when you touch the notification tray . another nice thing is a dedicated screenshot button that appears next to the regular android buttons in the control bar at the bottom . press it at any time for an instant screenshot . i have not noticed that any features have been disabled . i do not have a 3g-capable tablet , so i do not know if the " portable wi-fi hotspot " functionality would be affected by the update . but everything else i have tried functions as it did before . also , an unexpected bonus to the upgrade is that samsung released a bunch of new apps bundled with the new ui , some of which are very useful . the ebooks app especially is nice for me , it reads epub and pdf files , and it formats epubs better and performs faster than some of the other apps i have tried ( like fbreader ) . there is also an app for making adjustments to photos , and a few others that i have not really used . the new touchwiz ui also includes a handful of mini-apps that can be launched from the android control bar at any time . these apps appear in small windows that float over whatever other apps you are running , and they can be moved around . none of these apps are really awesome , but some are useful . for example , you can bring up a mini-view of your calendar , a small music player , or a note pad you can type into or draw on , without leaving the app you were using before . it is kind of a neat idea , although i am glad this is not a standard android feature or there would be way too many apps written this way , and android would lose a lot of its ease-of-use .
make sure you downloaded the google apis corresponding to your api level in the sdk manager and that you set your avd 's target on google apis . this version of the api is needed for the calendarprovider ( for sync functions with google i imagine ) .
this appears to be a jelly bean bug with samsung . i have had the same problems on a galaxy s2 , galaxy s3 , and a galaxy note 2 , all running different ( but samsung based ) custom jb roms . even after clearing out all pics and videos , and uninstalling all apps i was still getting ' out-of-memory . ' the problem seems to start after the device gets a bit full for the first time . only one thing that has worked for me every time : reinstall the rom ( no data wipe necessary ) . since you do not have a custom rom installed i would suggest you try a factory reset and see if that resolves it . hope that helps .
maybe this will help with your problem , give it a try . if you root your device , then you can do the following to get more free space to install more apps . for me on my phone , i can free up to 500mb by doing this . ( sgs2 i9100 ) install diskusage run diskusage and choose [ root required ] -> "/data " . . . then you will see how much storage "/data/data " and "/data/dalvik-cache " uses . as far as i know you can delete the content of them both and reboot without having any problems or losing anything other then temp files . i have done this several times . to delete the content of any file inside /data , you will need a root file explorer , not all of them out there works . i am using " cyanogenmod file manager " , but that is not on google play . hope this helps .
from the email app , press the menu key , then choose settings . pick account settings , then click the account you want to change on the next screen . after that , you have to scroll to the bottom to get more settings , and to the bottom again to change the incoming settings and outgoing settings . samsung appears to have taken lessons from microsoft on hiding important settings behind " advanced " buttons !
not exactly that way , but you might wish to take a look at business tasks : business tasks ( click for larger image ) as the screenshot shows , you can put a contact as task , and then simply hit the phone symbol to place a call ( calls up the dialer ) . unfortunately , this seems to require the contact being in your contacts list . i have just tried to place a note with a phone number inside ; was not " clickable " . though that might be worth a ping to the devs , which are quite responsive and might be adding that feature in some way . alternatively , you might wish to take a look at number saver . according to this answer it automatically suggests to call a number if the clipboard contains it . until the business tasks devs put it in an update , a combination might do . cheap work-around might also be to put a contact shortcut on your homescreen . but again , this would require the person to be in your contacts list . finally , there is clipboard dialer : this little tool enables you to extract all phone numbers from what ever text is in your clipboard . it will present a list of all numbers it finds giving you an easy way to call , sms or create a new contact .
with google now just say , " google remind me to call 555-1234 at 2 pm "
instead of going the whole " multicast over reverse tethering " way , which to me , does not make any sense at all , you should evaluate if a vpn setup with multicast enabled ( plus optionally reverse tethering ) may be a solution to your problem . on a second thought : vpn + reverse tethering is basically " multicast over reverse tethering "
setting the status and navigation bars to have the transparent gradient is handled by applications/launchers themselves in stock 4.4 . some apps and launchers provide a setting to turn the gradients on and off . the aosp launcher always uses opaque bars , google now launcher always uses transparent bars , and certain 3rd party launchers such as nova give you a toggle . regardless of the launcher 's setting , apps can and will override it .
you can not run x86_64 binaries on an x86 system , regardless of whether it is real or emulated . you need to install an x86 binary of busybox .
your phone 's internal storage is not the sd card , it is the internal partition where all apps and app data goes to . there is an automatic decision to put excessive data somewhere else ( the sd card ) if an app is too big . your app was already installed to the sd card and you therefore have an option to move it back to the internal storage . there are mainly the following sections : /system - the firmware sits here . write protected . /data - all apps and app data goes here . /mnt/sdcard - this is your external sdcard . also referred to as external storage there are some other but the above 3 are the most important/interesting ones if free space in the internal section ( /data ) is low , android allows to move certain apps/data from /there to the sd card to free space .
that depends on multiple things : if you remove your account from the device , the paid apps most likely will stop working ( if they use google license services to verify their validity ) . so concerning this it was a bad idea to buy those apps specifically for your parents using your account if the device is running at least android 4.2 , you can create separate accounts for your parents , with your own account staying the " owner " ( which means , you would administrate the device for them -- certain actions as e.g. factory reset are limited to the " owner account" ) . in this case you would need to re-install all apps with the new account -- but it would be a " fake-reinstall " ( they will not be doenloaded another time ) . still , above mentioned license issue will remain : each user must pay for the app separateley . no issue for free apps , however -- though if changing the account they might no longer update , as they are " registered " with the old account . this update issue could be fixed using the appbrain app market , which lets you sync the list of apps you have installed with your account ( just one example , there might be other solutions i am currently unaware of , or which might require root ) i know it is possible to have multiple accounts on a device ( see e.g. multiple google accounts and the market ) . but never having tried this , i do not know how that works out . i think it is your parents , so you probably trust them enough to keep your account on the device , just adding a new one for them to use . this might solve the issue with the license stuff for the apps you already bought for them . but keep in mind that , depending on to which account the playstore app defaults then , they might still ending up buying apps with your account . and , of course , they can read your mail -- not only those mails you explicitly send them , but all mail on the bound gmail account : ) however : transfering payed apps between accounts is ( currently ? ) not possible . update : if your tablet is rooted , take a look at multi-user app share . this app permits the " owner " ( first user of the device ) to share apps with other accounts without having them re-download those from google 's playstore . as for now , it is not tested thoroughly with paid apps , but should ( at least partly ) work . check the app 's description and comments for details .
you can that following these steps : select the image ( s ) you want to upload click on " copy " , it is in the lower bar , at left in another tab , open the folder where you want to upload your image ( s ) click on the clipoard icon at left click on " paste all "
instead of selecting the pictures folder , you have to select the corresponding dcim folder select the images instead of copy , select the other options menu in the right corner select copy to from that menu a different browser dialog will appear where you can select the cloud storages as well
this will not work because C:\Useres\S4 is not a path on your phone , it is a path on your pc . normally you need to use adb pull from your pc to copy files from your phone , but when you need root to access those files , it is not quite enough . izzy 's answer here explains how to achieve this .
go to http://google.com/contacts from pc then log in and check your contact from there
according to the gingerbread user guide , under settings -> wireless and networks , you should have an nfc option that you can remove the tick from to turn this on or off .
i do not know if archos have modified the music player at all , but on most android devices and players , the most reliable way to ensure that all your music shows its album art in the player is to embed the album art directly in the mp3 file , rather than relying on a " folder.jpg " or a " albumart.jpg " being in the folder . as far as i know most music selling websites embed the album art directly in the file , and a lot of popular cd ripping software does too these days , so it is probably only your older files , or ones you have got from elsewhere that do not have the art embedded in the file . i use a windows program called mp3tag to embed the album art directly into the file amongst other things , but there is lots of other software that will do this , see these answers on our superuser sister site for some suggestions : what is the easiest way to update album art ? , or bulk fix album artwork in itunes library for display
if your froyo is rooted , the hotspot works great-my wife uses her macbook with no problem .
the only tethering methods currently supported on blackberry services are via usb and bluetooth , and even then the only supported method relies on the blackberry desktop software . they do not currently support any wifi tethering or wifi hotspot functionality . i am not aware of any third party software for wifi tethering either , unfortunately . now if you had a froyo android phone you had have no problem :- )
the app has to support moving to the sd card . the feature should be in android 2.2+ . your phone does not have to be rooted in order to do it .
if you are rooted , you need at least android 2.1 . if not , you need at least android 2.2 . additionally , you can not move apps that do not support it .
there are 2 methods of app2sd : the official method pros : give the best experience with the least hassle , as you would never mistakenly move apps that should not be moved officially supported does not need rooted phones cons : only available in android 2.2 and above only apps that are specifically marked as movable by the author can be moved . the rooted method : pros : works on pre-2.2 phones you can move apps that you know are safe , but the author have not yet updated the app to support app2sd . more variations to suit your specific need , some variants of rooted app2sd will just move all applications , while some other variants allows you to choose which apps you want to move , or move only applications that supports app2sd . cons : phone must be rooted may cause system instability if you move apps that are not supposed to be moved ( e . g . home screen widgets , apps with background services , etc ) not officially supported can i move any apps to sd ? yes if you use rooted app2sd ; no , if you are using official app2sd . is there a specific version of andoid that i should run : 2.1 , 2.2 ? for rooted method , any version should be fine . for official method , you need android 2.2 or above . should my phone be rooted for that ? or stock version works too ? yes , for rooted method , you need rooted phones . for android 2.2 and above , no , stock version works .
no , is available for non rooted devices too . for non rooted devices is possible to move apps to sd too . but only for new android versions , starting at 2.2 . usually the apps must be prepared to allow the system to move it to the sd , but you can on you android device ( 2.2 ) move any app to the sd , prepared or not . this is done with this commands : adb shell pm setInstallLocation 2 so answering you : q1 ) can i move any apps to sd ? a : yes q2 ) is there a specific version of andoid that i should run : 2.1 , 2.2 ? a : 2.2 q3 ) should my phone be rooted for that ? or stock version works too ? a : no root needed , should work on every android 2.2 device note : do it at your own risk , i mean , widgets on sd will not be able to show on deskop , running services can stop working if they are moved to sd and you umount your card , etc . note2: you need the android sdk in order to use adb , you only need to download it from here http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html access and perform necessary steps to download the sdk , the adb command is on tools folder note3: if you run this command , only new installs will automatically go to the sdcard , already installed apps need to be moved manually
yes , google is in charge of the android market .
you can indeed . disclaimer : rooting may brick your device and invalidate your carrier and manufacturer warranty . i did not write the guide below ( full credit is due to the poster on xda developers , and i have left the words ' my ' in place but it is his work ) , and it is your responsibility to check you are happy to proceed . here be dragons . this guide was written in july of 2013 and i can not say for sure if it will work on android 4.3 and your particular bootloader at all . i have not tested this method . rooting form a pc is easier and has less scope for human errors and is liklier to work in general . this xda thread is relating to the sprint version but should apply to the s3 general . prerequisites the following files are attached to this post for convenience . download and install the apps , download and extract the zip file somewhere convenient . superuser by koush ( must be this one . you can change it later if you so desire . ) terminal emulator by jack palevich ( must be this one ) zip file , extracted somewhere convenient the goods these generic names will be used : /path/to/motochopperdir - this is the full path to the extracted motochopper-mobile directory or folder . example : /sdcard/motochopper-mobile ( will vary depending on where you extracted the files ) . note : after running the script , motochopper may or may not print " failed " , but the exploit does indeed work regardless of this . make sure you reboot for changes to take effect . download the attached zip file and both apps . install terminal emulator and superuser ( use a file manager , navigate to the downloaded . apk files and click on each file to install them ) . open up terminal emulator and type the following commands . press the enter key after each command . code : from there , my setup . sh script will handle the rest of the process . if you are still unsure , see my sample run below . sample run ( files were extracted to /sdcard/moto ) the links : android term . apk super user motochopper
to my knowledge , there is no computer-less method of rooting the samsung galaxy s3 unfortunately .
notifications , at least in cyanogenmod or aosp , are ordered in order or the last updated notification . if you have an app that updates the notification , then the notification will appear on top when it updates . there is currently no way to change this behaviour . note : some stock roms order the notifications into ongoing etc , this is the design of the manufacturer , and can also not be changed you should get something like what you are asking in cyanogenmod .
i just did this , and it works . go into Settings &gt; Applications &gt; Manage applications &gt; All &gt; Market then clear data , and cache . i had to reboot the phone after . but once it reboots , go into the market , and the music section should be there .
i had the same exact problem , and it was driving me crazy ! sadly , i could not find any solution other than to install an app , " sound manager": selecting " whenever possible " in the vibration settings the vibration will work just fine !
go to " messages " ( the actual stock messaging app ) , click on the menu button , choose " settings " . then you can choose whether to vibrate or not in the " notifications " .
i would think that the following would probably be likely candidates : telephonyprovider settingsprovider ( maybe ) does the data network work if you reboot ? what if you restore with the " old sim " , then put in the new sim ?
[SMS/MMS/APN] Dialer Storage 2.2 .
video rendering , which would have to happen even if the application is not " active " but still playing , is going to use a lot more battery then " normal usage " . so if you are not " watching " the video , it stops in order to not waste precious battery power .
it is not a limitation of android , but a " feature " of the youtube app to conserver resources . if you want to use youtube as a music player , i think you should be able to find an application that allows you to do exactly that in the market . tubemate lets you listen to only the audio of a youtube file ( you have to download it in advance , though ) , and that should work in the background .
if you want an android app that would allow flexible management of the youtube streaming protocols in a way that would support selection of just the audio portion of the media stream while discarding the video track , keep an eye on vlc for android . it is still ' under developement ' but would probably address the ' audio only ' feature . from a more technical perspective , it helps to break the issue down into available youtube network protocols for media streaming rtsp . rtsp specs allow a client to make a request using the describe command to which the server responds with an sdp data segment ( see details below ) . youtube servers can respond in a variety of protocols , sending underlying streams that in turn use a variety of encodings -one for audio , one for video- to transfer the media bits across the network to the client . over the mobile networks , a feature that goes to youtube in order to receive both audio and video tracks before discarding video while playing only audio is not a good practice because of the heavy network requirement for the unused video stream . you can get around the network inefficiency with some further technical drill-down . rtsp and sdp standards observed by youtube would allow a streaming client ( android device ) to request only the audio during the client/server handshake steps and negotiation steps around the network connection setup that will do the media streaming . in this case , no video would be sent and the android player would be configured on an audio only stream . some cli command details and some protocol details on this youtube audio only scenario follow . a youtube , format 1 audio only track for a particular video is available at the following rtsp uri : rtsp://v8.cache8.c.youtube.com/CigLENy73wIaHwlcw_gs85OUchMYDSANFEgGUgx1c2VyX3VwbG9hZHMM/0/0/0/video.3gp  from the rtsp uri for the entire video ( audio track plus video track ) , the following cli expression makes use of 2 media clients openrtsp and mplayer going to youtube where it then gets/plays just the youtube audio track by requesting only channel=1 . this cli expression is further described in a link at the bottom . youtube feeds describe the available stream formats for any youtube video , including the rtsp uris mentioned above . for a tech explanation of youtube streaming formats see the entry for format 1,5,6 in the long table . the following request gets a feed from youtube that includes the variously formatted rtsp uris that are available for that particular video : http://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/users/rowntreerob/uploads?vq=cpST8yz4w1w&amp;prettyprint='true'  the gory details of a connnected rtsp session in which the full sdp description is requested for a particular youtube video so that just the audio track could be streamed/played are here . key to numbered lines in above link :
this should not delete the os . looks to just be a small update file .
my answers to your questions : there will be more than one app running on your system because some os tasks are also handled by apps . yes , you can make your app a home screen which will handling the start of the other apps ( or not ) not sure . it is possible that other devices ( like tvs ) are also running android .
while i agree with uwe on #1 , it does not correctly relate to your question . what you want is only one visible app , so the users cannot switch to any other . that is what kiosk mode is about : creating a " jail " to keep the user in -- while the " admin " can " break it " for configuration etc . ( which would e.g. require a password then ) . for alternative solutions on " kiosk mode " , just search our site for " kiosk " . second , there are a lot of " app lockers " and " child mode " apps available , which are also a variant of kiosk mode . simply search the playstore for " app-lock " to find a good selection . for #2 i must disagree with uwe : unless you are a developer , you cannot make " every app " a home screen ( the app must register as such ) . but this should be handled by the app providing the kiosk-mode -- so watch out that this feature is available with that ( keywords would include " autostart " , " launcher " or " homescreen" ) . not sure about #3 . i know there are big touchscreens around , but i have no idea how they can be operated by an android device . taking a good guess , " google tv " could be involved with that ; )
using the llama app , you can set up a silent profile with ring and notification volume set to zero , then add some people to the noisy contacts list in the profile to be able to hear rings from them ( not sure about sms ) . you can either select the needed profile manually , or add rules to switch them automatically ( according to the current time or any other events supported by llamathere are lots of automation possibilities there ) . note that in this case people who call you will just get no answer ( although your operator might support some form of call redirection after a timeout ) . other call blocking apps may have different behavior ( e . g . , immediately redirect unwanted calls to voicemail ) , but llama cannot do anything with incoming calls except silencing the ring .
i think ultimate call blocker free might be what you are looking for . you could also try some of these : call control call blocker
i used z4root on samsung galaxy 3 , and it was quite smooth . the easiest way to root ( unroot ) android .
the xda post for z4root says that it is 100% compatible with samsung galaxy s and will provide a permanent root option . v1.2.0 : unroot support , fix for devices with small max file size such as i5700 , binaries in xbin rather than bin so it says it will unroot ? i have not used this method to root any phones , so i can not vouch for it .
z4root was a very nice simple app ( at least , v . 1.3.0 worked for sgs on froyo 2.2 ) , but after i upgraded samsung galaxy s to gingerbread ( 2.3.5 ) , this rooting method became nonfunctional . the phone can be rooted with superoneclick though .
i have rooted my sgs with z4root and it was a very smooth process ! i can highly recommend z4root ! and while you are at it , continue with installing one click lag fix to make your sgs lag a lot less ! i did it , and have not looked back since . oclf is made by the same guy who made z4root , but for some weird reason , oclf can , by itself , only root pre-froyo phones . but that is not a big problem , you just need 2 apps instead of one : )
while i can not help you with the copy-paste , i do recommend using an automatic solution to convert the files . conversion to pdf might help if adobe reader for android will let you copy newlines , or you could have a &lt;br /&gt; tag inserted after every paragraph , etc .
it may have been downloaded , but has it been installed ? open up the market app and click " my apps " . if it is not listed there - i suggest you reinstall it . also , is your device capable of running it ?
this is very likely to be a problem with the touchscfeen hardware . to test this , try installing a drawing/painting app from google play . open the app , get into painting mode , and leave it for a minute . if you start getting paint appearing at the same point ( where the 2 abc soft key shows up ) , you know that part of the touchscreen is not working . in the same way , try painting in the app and check whether any parts of the screen can not be painted on . if there are any stuck parts of the screen , you can try giving them a wipe with a slightly damp , soapy cloth . turn the phone off to do that , and make sure you dry the screen before trying to use it again . if that does not solve the problem , you are left with sending the phone back to the shop , or making a warranty claim , depending on how long you have had the problem .
place in every directory , you want to be excluded by the media scanner , an empty file named " . nomedia " . then restart your phone and the ' marked ' directories should not be indexed any more .
just rename the folders with dot in front . eg : newfolder to .newfolder and restart the phone .
usually completely de-branding an android device is not as easy as just removing the " extra " system apps . manufacturers and carriers often modify the devices ' firmware to a great extent , so simply deleting " bloat " apps would seriously cripple that device 's functionality . rom makers usually either try to minimize the prevalence of manufacturer/carrier customizations by trial and error ( remove apk -> see what breaks -> rinse , repeat ) , or go all out and build a completely new rom that is based on " vanilla " android from aosp ( android open source project ) source code which is released by google . aosp code contains only the android operating system , and does not contain the kernel or hardware drivers for any devices . those pieces are most often proprietary , and therefore non open-source . rare exceptions are handsets and tablets in google 's " nexus " line , which are intended for developers ( even then , drivers are provided pre-built by the manufacturer , since google does not make the hardware . ) developers either have to use the closed drivers as-is which greatly limits what can be modified in the os itself , or somehow find a way to make similar/older drivers function in aosp . furthermore , aosp code must be modified to work for the specific device it is being ported to . needless to say , the effort to get an aosp-based rom onto a new device is not an easy undertaking . there are a few projects that do attempt this . the most famous ones are cyanogenmod and miui . while miui attempts to enhance the user interface , cyanogenmod ( usually shortened to " cm" ) tries to stick as close to the aosp source as possible , while providing behind-the-scenes tweaks and enhancements . currently your device is not officially supported by wither cm or miui teams , but there are several " unofficial " ports that you can install . those would be a good start to see what it would take to build your " own " rom .
when the galaxy nexus is ringing . . . tap the power button on the right side of the screen . the ringtone will stop and the screen will switch off . but the call has not been hung up . you can even press the power button again to switch the screen back on and the ringtone is silent if the call is still waiting to be answered . the voice call will still be at the correct volume when you actually answer it .
use volume-rocker click either up or down volume to silence your phone . this is the user-manual-recommended way . when you click it your screen stays on . android user manual reference note : this usually works with any phone , not just androids . it used to work with old stupid-phones ( antonym of smart-phones ) as well .
a third option is to enable the setting so you can flip your phone face down when ringing to silence the phone . under sound settings > phone call silence i believe .
just press power key at the right side of device . it will become silent .
according to my experience , it does not turn mobile networking on . i have android 2.2 on htc desire hd .
i would recommend installing a custom rom with support for the language you need . i think cyanogenmod might be a good try since it is usually very stable and close to " stock " roms of android . you can find the stable cyanogenmod version for htc desire s here . rooting and flashing roms on your device might require some work on your device if it is not rooted , or if it is rooted it might be quite simple . since you do not offer any information on whether you are rooted or not , here 's some resources for you to look up : installing a custom rom on the htc desire s [ hd ] step-by-step tutorial how to s-off and root the htc desire s , sensation , wildfire , evo , flyer hd - a step-by-step tutorial all of this is of course assuming that your current android version does not support changing the language . you might want to look in your menus just to make sure . if it is not there , you need to get another rom . if you have any questions , please comment on this answer and i will try to expand on it accordingly .
after upgrading my xperia u to ics linux mint maya no longer recognised the device as you have listed semc hsusb device . for some reason the mtp support has changed and there is no longer the option to drag and drop . instead use either ' qlix ' or ' gmtp ' from the usual repos . my preference is for qlix . plug in the phone and start qlix and leave it for a few minutes . eventually it will recognise the xperia u . click on view files the left pane is your desktop file system , the right pane is the android file system . it is then a simple matter of opening the correct folder on both sides and right clicking files to transfer . the initial mounting of the device is slow but the transfer of files thereafter is fast and , because it is using mtp , the rest of your file system remains safe from corruption . no longer any need to unmount the device .
i have found the simplest method , with both my samsung galaxy tab2 7.0 tablet and galaxy s3 mini smartphone , is to use sshdroid ( on the android device ) to provide ssh server . google play > sshdroid by berserker then i simply connect from nautilus using ssh , over wifi . this is plenty fast and i can bookmark the links for re-use ( provided the ip address stays static ) . after first use , i simply set a static ip on my router for those mac addresses . i have also used a terminal , for an ssh command line session to the devices . this also just uses the sshdroid service .
yyou can choose another connection mode , mass storage mode , this way , it will be auto detected when you connect the usb cable . the option to change the connection mode is in : Setting -&gt; Xperia -&gt; Connectivity -&gt; USB Connection mode 
following steps will guide you through . connect your phone to the laptop and list your devices in a terminal using lsusb command find a line similar to Bus 002 Device 012: ID 0fce:5169 Sony Ericsson Mobile Communications AB and note your vendor and product id which are 0fce and 5169 respectively in the above line . if you have usb debugging disabled , product id will be 0169 . now unplug the phone . go to humans-enabled . com and install the latest version of libmtp and copy the 69-libmtp.rules file to /etc/udev/rules.d as described optional step xperia s support is implemented in the libmtp-1.1.3 release . if you use the latest version from sourceforge .net, skip to step 5 . type sudo gedit /etc/udev/rules.d/69-libmtp.rules to edit the copied file as root . add the following text somewhere around the sony ericsson devices in this file . you can find them by searching for 0fce . remember to set the correct vendor and product id ATTR{idVendor}=="0fce", ATTR{idProduct}=="5169", SYMLINK+="libmtp-%k", ENV{ID_MTP_DEVICE}="1", ENV{ID_MEDIA_PLAYER}="1" ATTR{idVendor}=="0fce", ATTR{idProduct}=="0169", SYMLINK+="libmtp-%k", ENV{ID_MTP_DEVICE}="1", ENV{ID_MEDIA_PLAYER}="1" reboot , or use sudo udevadm control --reload-rules to actualize . the phone will mount automatically when you plug it . use nautilus to copy files see this for more info
makeuseof defines a ramdisk as such : the name says it all . a ram disk is simply a bunch of memory modules that have been grouped together and then dedicated to long-term storage instead of short-term storage . the memory used is no different from ordinary ram modules .
i have heard from various sources that facebook ( and other companies , frankly ) do track geo-locations for various purposes , the first and foremost being that they want to serve you ads that you usually see around the web . i have also seen that they really do snoop around a lot ( on all of your devices , and yes , even without an account ) , so geo-locations are probably just the tip of the iceberg . you might want to check your privacy settings for facebook just to see what data is being collected . if you are tired of facebook eating up the storage on your mom 's phone , uninstalling should take care of that . of course , if you want your mom to be out of facebook 's peering eyes , good luck , because you really can never escape facebook trackers unless you suspend yourself from technology . hope this helped .
android 4.0 devices ( or already 3.0 ? ) allow this . both client and host pan roles are supported ( i guess this was deliberately introduced by google for umts-less tablets ) . on the pan host : enable bluetooth tethering in the settings on each device : pair with the host and enable " internet access " in the bluetooth device 's tab :
according to this thread on blenderartists , sensor size is 4.54  3.42 mm and focal length is 3.7mm , which gives a crop factor of 7.7 and a 35mm-equiv . focal length of 28.5 mm . be careful to check if the video is cropped in comparison to the still images , reducing the effective sensor size .
sometimes its happen to me also . but i can deduce that issue can be happen with swype in two cases . if you are running out of ram then swype will take some time to launch . because as i have seen swype will take more than 30 mb of ram and it can take more while it have to start . if you have moved your application sd card then it may take some amount of time to launch . what actions supposed to do ? if you are running any kind of task killers , set swype to ignore for killing . keep swype in your phone memory only .
first , make sure you are updated to android 2.3.3 . . 3 has some stability improvements over 2.3.1 and 2.3.2 . the other thing i would try is a factory reset . upgrading can be a pretty messy process and you want to make sure you do not have any bad data left over .
try booting the phone while holding down the power button during boot . i have also read people saying that holding the menu button during boot works . once you are in safe mode , you will see " safe mode " at the bottom left of the screen .
is it running a custom rom ? if so , install another one . if not , take it back/exchange it .
if you are using a custom lock app , it may be to blame . try reverting to the stock lockscreen .
according to the specs i was looking at , the galaxy spica only supports audio out , not video .
" facebook s ! version 1" is facebook for samsung , available from the samsung apps store on samsung android phones . this is their custom version of facebook , not the standard facebook for android that is available from the market , it is probably based on an older version of the facebook app , and is definitely not the same as the current official facebook app . if you go to the android market , search for facebook and download the app called " facebook for android " written by " facebook " then you know that you have the latest official facebook app . the notifications on that version go for me after i have visited them . also if for some reason you do prefer samsung 's app over facebook 's then you are running an older version of that , the current version ( according to the samsung apps app on my galaxy s ) is 1.01 installing this updated version may fix some problems .
no , there does not appear to be a way to clear the notifications short of visiting the item so it is no longer new . the android facebook app has a lot of deficits . it is still head-and-shoulders better than the previous version , though .
my 32 suffers from various wifi and bluetooth issues , dropping both connections . starting and stopping . connecting to wifi but not routing packets . connecting to bluetooth headset but no audio . i have to fuss with it all the time .
as a power-saving strategy , radio chipsets can sleep -- meaning they stop actively listening for a wi-fi network to connect to -- when they are out of range of any network , and will wake up to search for a network once every few minutes . it may simply be that the radio on your android is doing this , and that you have not waited long enough for it to wake up once you come back in range of a wi-fi network . a quick search tells me there is a powersave disabled setting in the wi-fi settings on the archos that might help .
odin is samsung-only , you are right . ( and as far as i know it is not for all samsung phones either , though i could be wrong on that . ) since heimdall is , as far as i know , just an unofficial port of odin i would assume it is the same , but i have never used it . odin3 has a " dump " function that i had never used . it seems to be disabled in v1.8x and v1.7 , but not in v1.52 . i just tried it in v1.52 and it did not work . you hit the dump checkmark under Option , select an output file via the dump button under File [Dump] , then hit start . odin will say " onenand dump start " or similar as it backs up the device . it only backed up 1 kb of something before halting , though . odin just sat there without giving an error message . you might have different results with a different device ( i have a vibrant ) . i am also wondering whether my ext4 lagfix might be affecting this . perhaps later i will flash to stock 2.1 and try again . edit : no change on stock 2.1 jfd .
i finally figured out how to fix this . what i did i did a double factory reset : nothing happened . downgraded to android 4.2.2: nothing happened . downgraded to android 4.1.2: nothing happened . upgraded to android 4.3: nothing happened . factory reset : gallery appeared ! upgraded to android 4.4.2: gallery did not disappear !
i use both google+ instant upload and dropbox photo uploading features . you can indicate whether or not to upload on wifi only if you prefer preventing surprise overages if you do not have an unlimited data plan . this also provides a nice cloud backup/storage facility .
bluetooth is a rather slow choice when it comes to transferring bigger files : to transfer 10 mb , you'ld need . . . bt 2 . * ( 2.1 mbit/s ) ~ 40s bt 3 . * ( 24 mbit/s ) ~ 4s wifi g ( 54 mbit/s ) ~ 2s and with bt , the range is quite limited as well . most devices probably still use bt 2 standard . how to transfer your files then ? you might want to check the most frequented questions of the " file-transfer " tag for that . the usual method ( if you do not want any " questionable third-party tools " involved ) is to connect your device to your pc using the usb cable -- which then should mount your device storage like a drive . you could also use some third-party tools ( they are not all " questionable" ) to manage your device via wifi -- airdroid would be a good choice for that . for transferring data between android devices , you could use wifi-direct . again , there are some good 3rd party tools to help , as e.g. superbeam or wifishare .
download cwm here : http://www.mediafire.com/download/kf88nz9k9adugqa/a1%2b+recovery.img download mobileuncle tool : http://www.mediafire.com/download/lmd4m939ymahddz/mobile+uncle+tools%281%29.apk how to install download recovery . img and mobileuncle tool from given links rename a1+ recovery . img to recovery . img copy recovery . img to root of your sd card install mobileuncle tool open mobileuncle tool . click flash recovery from sdcard , allow root permission , and click ok . thats it . information found on xda forum ( source ) . custom roms for the karbonn a1+ are few , but i found this xperia rom forum . more can be found elsewhere . do your research and you will find some more .
unlocking the bootloader performs a factory-reset on the phone , deleting all the user data . it does not wipe the rom . if you are just trying to back up the stock rom before flashing ( a sensible precaution ) , then you can safely do that after unlocking the bootloader . if you want to back up your user data ( i.e. . installed apps and their data , contacts , etc . ) , then you do have to do that before unlocking the bootloader , and the answers to this question explain how .
there is probably moisture in the device . if so , you need to take it apart and clean it ( and maybe replace some parts ) : https://www.google.com/search?q=teardown+htc+evo+shift
try settings-> developer options-> show touchscreen touches . unfortunately , htc likes to move these settings around between versions so i do not know if it will work for you . replacing the digitizer is possible on many htcs , i did it on my evo 3d . but that is probably what has failed . condensation will confuse it and make it stop functioning .
first of all you should download the stock rom : xda forum - micromax canvas juice a77 [ root , recovery , roms , etc ] [ mtk6572 ] after that , if you only changed that file , you can extract it from stock rom and replace it in your phone ( check to assign the right permissions ) , factory reset and your phone should work again . if it is still not working you can flash the whole rom . btw factory reset only resets your /data partition it does not change /system because that is not supposed to change at all , so factory reset will never restore files in /system . it is always better to backup the original files before you change anything .
boat browser has a floating tab feature that can minimize to the notification bar ( pulldown menu ) . you can also resize this window . it is the closest i can recommend . boat browser ( click for larger image )
the answer to this question is that no , neither android nor my carrier are arbitrarily blocking traffic on high-numbered ports . the problem is that i had forgotten how paranoid i am about security and that , in addition to making ssh listen on a non-standard port , i had also created an iptables rule to only allow connections to that port from my home ip address and my work ip address . obviously i was using a different ip address when attempting to connect via my phone , hence the failure to connect . ( and i probably did not look hard enough when prompted by @izzy to check server logs , because i am sure there is a record of the blocked connection attempt in there somewhere ) . d'oh . . . my apologies for wasting people 's time , but in case anybody else thinks they have a problem with android or their carrier arbitrarily blocking ports , hopefully this answer will prompt them to triple check everything about their connection , including their server firewall , before they go off logging tickets .
i have dealt with the same issue . wanting my wife to have the same access to my almost 4k songs without her having full access to my main google account . remember , sharing your google password is a no no . even with a family member . it give access to more than you can imagine . web history , every photo you have taken , downloaded , or deleted . web history , location history , and text , call , ability to track you via gps , remote everything , and or wipe , lock , or completely erase . . . . and thats just your phone . computer , tablet , even track what you were doing on a friends computer even if your on the other side of the earth . if your logged in , more data is being collected than you think . even if you think you know . and its all accessible . by you , google , anyone who has your email address and password , and now ( since a year ago bill passed ) the government . the ability to secretly track , take pics , video , and record audio , when your phone looks like its off . unless your batteries off , its possible . just knowing your email address , begins an array of info linking to info on you personally . ever googled your email addresses ? scary . so with that being said , you should not just log in with here phone , giving her access to your music because you cant separate everything else listed above . its so scary , i dont even want to know my own google password . lol . the only ways to share your music library is to . . . a . . . download your entire music library , log out , log in to her google music , then upload that folder . note : it will be a large file . even zipped . ( ext . hd suggested ) and you can only download your music twice . ever . one song or everything . b . . . upload your music folder ( once downloaded ) to your google drive . thats a google feature that you can share with other google accounts . any type of files . pictures , music , documents , or extensive that only special programs can open . from there , she could pick songs and play them one at a time , or down load them to her phone , or dl/ul to her play music . c . . . . . i really like the shared google account option . dl/up load your music to a new google account and share everything from music , books , and emails . you can even pick what you want to share ( sync ) on your phone with that account , giving access to photos , and what ever . just remember not to use the same password for the new account . ( that make the whole point useless ) d . . . . . what i have done so far is , download or buy music online with my computer , and upload it all to my play music , keeping the music files on my hard drive so , if she wants any music i have , i just log-in to her account , and upload it from the same source i uploaded to my account with . f it . . . . . i am taking my music , and uploading it to my own server . then i can do what i want with my music . so , neaaaa ( sticks tongue out ) it does stink that you cant simply share music like you can contacts , pics , or documents . before the internet was dominated with massive servers , the web was mainly peer to peer . so with that being said , i support torrent client software , and the index search engines that bring us all together . long live pirate bay and its developers . ( whom sit behind bars because other people share stuff with one another online ) and these guys just made finding things to share simple , without uploading or sharing anything copyrighted themselves . google pirate bay justice for more info . you cant write your name on everything . i paid , its mine , and i like to share . as long as you " be fair , when you share "
using the google music uploader tool , you can also download all ( purchased only , i believe ) music from any given google play music account . you could then switch accounts ( or better yet , a different computer ) , and upload that music to a different google music account . it would be a manual sync process , as the uploader tool will not automatically download purchased songs .
@brandorf - it is a good idea and i looked into it , but you can not share a single google account among many users . see here : https://support.google.com/a/answer/33330?hl=en google play does let you share streaming music that you subscribe too though . afaik you can not share any purchased music , whether purchased from google play or otherwise .
any music you purchase via google play store or upload via google music manager application is tied to whichever google account you selected within the app under Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Google Play account . starting with android 2.2 ( a . k.a. froyo ) you can add multiple google accounts on android devices ( phones , tablets , google tvs , etc . ) therefore if your relatives ' handset/tablet supports multiple google accounts , you can add your own account under Settings -&gt; Accounts &amp; sync on their device , and then within their play music app 's settings you should be able to change the account to yours . the music should then be available on their device to stream/download .
your first request ( ownership ) will not work on sd card , as the file system ( vfat ) does not support that . the second approach however should work : as we are talking about your sd card , you could of course mount it to your pc for easier work . steps i describe here should work for linux systems , and probably macs as well . to execute them directly on your device without the help of a pc , you can use a terminal app ( e . g . android terminal emulator ) . if you expect a longer list of files , redirect the output of the last command to a file , e.g. : find /mnt/sdcard -type f -newer /tmp/start -not -newer /tmp/end &gt; /tmp/myfiles.txt  now you can inspect the generated file . of course you can adapt above statements to your needs , e.g. using a different location for the " timestamp files " . once you are done , you can remove those : rm -f /tmp/start /tmp/end 
i downloaded a free app called timezone changer to fix this problem . still do not understand why samsung disables this .
i had the same problem and network-provided values are locked/disabled and i am not able to change them . however using clocksync works for me .
you can go into the calendar app and under settings there is a checkbox titled " use home time zone " . check that box and then you will be able to adjust the time zone .
the problem is that the " automatic time zone " setting on the samsung galaxy tab defaults to on , and the preference to disable it is missing from the built-in settings application . there is an app on the android market specifically designed to correct this issue called galaxy time zone fix . it mimics the " date and time " section of the built-in settings application but adds the missing preferences .
uncheck " automatic - use network-provided values " . it should be the first entry in Settings -&gt; Date and time .
i could not get it to change timezone or time either . could not make it stop using network time either . i did a factory reset ( from settings | privacy ) , correctly set my timzeone this time before saying use network time , and that worked fine .
i managed to fix the problem myself in the end . the solution : i has to flash the boot . img file . to do this : download the cm update from here that matches the update you installed . make sure you choose the correct device as well . ( htc one x is " endeavoru" ) unzip the file , and copy the boot . img file to c:\android\android-sdk\tools ( or wherever you have the android dev stuff installed ) . boot your phone into the bootloader ( power button + volume down for htc one x ) and choose fastboot from the menu , using the volume buttons to go up and down the list and the power button to choose . connect your phone to your pc via usb . it will install fastboot drivers . open a command prompt window and cd to the \tools directory mentioned above . run the command fastboot devices to make sure your phone is connected . if it shows , run fastboot flash boot boot.img to flash the boot . img file to your phone . finally run fastboot reboot to restart the phone . your phone will go through the " android is upgrading " process and you should be back in business once that finishes . you will also need to flash gapps or any other custom mods/addons you had installed before upgrading . there are plenty of guides online explaining how to do this .
have you tried to wipe data/factory reset and wipe cache partition ? this worked for me when i flashed the rom on my galaxy s3 .
a faster way odo it is download the cm rom to yu micro sd card and istall the update ( by the waythis only works if you have a clowckwokod or teamwin recovery ) then install then go to installupdatefromsdcard1> downloads ( or whatever folder it may be in ) > yes and let it insall , the n re-root the device after update is installed then after root file is complete reboot into recovery and reset device and reboot after that it works
you can always hide the exchange contacts if you do not want to see them . in the contacts app :
the game 's creators did not take right precautions for the version of android i have and it ran into some issues . unfortunately , it is not recoverable with format ; the problem is not obvious at first sight though .
airdroid can perform file transfers and it runs on 2.2 and above . all features : sms : send and receive individual or group messages . apps : import and export . apk files . files : manage files on android and transferring files between android and computer . photos : view and manage photos on android and transferring photos between android and computer . music and videos : play and manage music and videos on android and transferring them between android and computer . ringtones : set music as ringtone and export any ringtone . contacts : view and edit all the contacts . screenshot : view the real time screen of android devices , take static screenshots . ( root required ) camera : see through the lens of both front and back camera , also supports flashlight . url : push url to android and open automatically open it with android browser . clipboard : share clipboard content between android and computer .
i developed wifi ftp server , which should solve your problem . i would recommend that you put the phone in wifi-tether mode and then transfer files .
best bet would be to check System settings &gt; My device &gt; Language and input &gt; Samsung keyboard (gear icon) &gt; Predictive text (make sure this is on / green) . you might want to check on the Learn from (word) items there .
when the suggestion is shown above the keyboard , just tap and hold on that word . it will give you the option to delete it . you do not need to clear the complete database just for that !
goto system settings> applications open the tab of all applications open the info of the keyboard you use and click on the button ' clear data ' then press back and open the info of ' user dictionary ' and press on ' clear data ' all your auto-correct saves have been cleared . . . . enjoy !
you could do that using e.g. tasker , the mighty automation tool : condition : monitor start ( i.e. . , tasker was started ; alternatively : device boot , i.e. boot process finished ) task : run shell , with your command as parameter if you like it more fancy , you could even use variable randomize to generate a different mac each time . . .
i feel like this could be done with a bash script or editing the init file to include the command you have here .
use chainfire 's app called pry-wifi which does exactly that .
how about chainfire 's tool pry-fi over at xda , works great : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2631512
without root : no , for security reasons this command is only accessible for the superuser . standard firmware , rooted : yes , if the partition you like to remount is not in a locked flash region ( htc calls that s-on/s-off )
mine was simple ( droid razr ) , i unistalled root tools and i had a pulldown banner . i reinstalled root tools and redid my bannerand its fine now
your mention of ' reset ' is a little unclear , if it is : you did a reboot and it is still broken : it might be broken settings , but that is not easy to debug and fix manually backup via recovery first ! do a wipe dalvik cache via recovery else , reinstall your current rom and google apps , maybe this helps see what adb logcat outputs during boot/runtime , maybe this sheds some light ( hacky , via adb shell ) you can also forcibly rename /system/app/phone . apk to phone . apk . off and reboot , then do a backup of all needed stuff and then reinstall your rom and gapps if all that does not help , consider wiping . titanium backup pro allows extracting backups from your saved nandroid dump ( from step 1 ) fully wiped and still not better : has to be something different than settings , either a faulty rom or a hardware issue backup via recovery first ! install cm7.2 ( see last sentence ) , wipe cache and dalvik cache via recovery ps : cm7.2 is out since june 16 , 2012 .
check out this page on the app inventor website on how to use app inventor with an emulator .
i have not seen this particular issue before , but kevin purdy 's " holy trinity " of steps to take with apps that just are not working properly is : from settings | applications | manage applications | &lt ; application&gt ; force stop if that does not help clear cache if that does not help clear data and if that still does not help , try the nuclear option : uninstall and re-install
i will be answering my question . . i downloaded this usbdview and i deleted all com ports that are open . i also did removing my usb controllers on my device manager . i restarted my computer to reload all the drivers ; then opening the flasher generates a new com port , clicking the upgrade and it worked .
have you checked that your adb drivers are working . just run following command from where you have installed adb adb devices if not detected try manually updating your phone adb drivers . install generic drivers here . link if not try the following post 1 #troubleshooting part once you are sure that adb is working . . . follow steps given in this post 1
there is a bluetooth connect and play app that can intercept the incoming " play " command . while it was originally designed to let you start a specific music app playing when a specific bluetooth device connects , you can instead select " stop music from playing " to keep any app from starting when the car connects .
there are quite a few apps that can show the pid of running apps and services . one which i use to find a lot of info about what is going on in my phone is the android system info app , you can see the pids of some built-in services in this screenshot :
you can download this app ( adbwireless ) and connect to it via wireless , using the wifi without the cable you can connect directly via a address as shown by the widget/app . usually its the following : adb connect 192.168.1.x:5555 
you have to tell adb to use tcpip adb tcpip 5555 adb connect 10.0.0.2  then to go back to usb mode adb usb 
on android 4.0+ devices , certain devices without a separate memory partition ( i.e. . separate sd card ) do not have the usb mass storage option , rather android now uses mtp ( media transfer protocol ) or ptp ( picture transfer protocol ) to transfer files . note : if your device supports sd cards , please make sure that an sd card is available in the device before connecting it to the pc . to configure between mtp and ptp ( and usb mass storage if an sd card is available ) : go to settings > device > storage > menu > usb computer connection . to transfer files to your device via mtp , make sure it is in the mtp mode , then connect it to your computer via a usb cable . on windows : wait for windows to install the necessary drivers , then your device will be available in my computer . ( more info ) on mac : you have to install the android file transfer software . follow the steps on this support page . on ubuntu : follow the steps in this article .
best guess at real intent of question : for my samsung galaxy s iii ( wifi ) , how should i best connect to the internet ? should i try to get my laptop ( with usb modem ) to be a wifi ' hot spot ' , or try connecting the usb modem directly to the galaxy s iii smartphone ? answer 1: ( based on your two options ) your best approach would be to setup the laptop as a wifi hot-spot . it is already working , and you will still be able to use the laptop at the same time . this will require some knowledge of how to do this ( for windows or linux ? ) on your laptop . to connect the galaxy s iii directly would also require an additional otg usb cable , and would be a higher drain on the s iii ' s battery . answer 2: ( looking at other solutions ) a portable wifi router , either 3g or 4g , would more easily provide internet access for both the laptop and galaxy s iii . it is much simpler to setup , and some models would even support using the usb modem you already have . it also has its own battery , for longer internet time between charging .
what you want to do is make your own rom using a existing one and add more stuff to it . this site would have helped you http://romkitchen.org/ but its now down . this thread contains more info , including links to more tools .
you would easily be able to do this via a nandroid backup , and there a apps on google play that allow you to restrict the device . the only issue is licenses for apps - they are linked to the google account , so you would have to use the same google account on every device if you do not want to pay for every app for each google account on every device . this is fine if it is a generic account , but it may not be wanted if it is a personal account . if you make a nandroid backup with all the apps , and then restore it to all the other devices , it will have the apps , settings and licenses , as well as the google account . i am going to check on google play for the app that allows you to limit ability ( i know there is at least one ) .
i do know that if you have a lot of messages on your razr before upgrading to ics , it actually will try to pull them all in again to the text messaging app . i have seen this with both stock and gosms on a droid 4 and it did take a little while on my razr maxx the first time i opened up the messaging app after upgrading to see all of my messages re-appear , as they first appeared as if they had all been deleted . if you are getting the little circular loading symbol , then it is likely the case - for a couple thousand messages , it took nearly all day to load them all . not sure why , but this may also be what is effecting you . i guess the only solution is to wait it out and see what happens . hope this helps and good luck getting your messages back .
i was having the exact same issues with my text messaging . i did a complete factory reset , wiped the internal memory and everything , and now it is working . sucks because i lost everything , but at least the phone works now .
did you take a look at owncloud and similar solutions ? not ( yet ? ) as comfortable as dropbox , but open source , runs on linux ( so you can stick with your linux-mount solution ) , and it has an android app . for a quick overview , you might want to first take a look at this wikipedia article . if that sounds interesting , next source to investigate might be e.g. how to set up your own private cloud storage service in five minutes with owncloud : )
i believe i have one of these device ( mine is branded as something else but the us brand is the viewsonic gtablet ) . i cannot recall if i have tried to do a screenshot with ddms or not . i do not know why the forums you read would say adb would work becuase adb uses the same method as ddms . i will try my device when i get home from work today , in the mean time , i have read that these apps should work with the device . all of these are paid apps , they may have a free/lite version but i dont know if they will work for your issue . screenshot er - requires root screen shot it - requires root no root screen shot it - no root required ( but i am not sure if this works )
to remove vibration you should settings > sound > deselect the vibration box
so , if you go to " settings " , the first section should be " wireless and networks " . under that , i have " wi-fi " ( on/off ) , " bluetooth " ( on/off ) followed by data usage . how does that look on your phone ? if bluetooth is not there , i do not think the rom you are running recognizes your ability to run bluetooth ( if you do indeed have that ability ) . what device and what rom are you running ?
the reason you are getting that error is because your /datadata cache is filling up . the way i solved it on my phone was to get the marketfix app from the market , and run that . it is a small app , so you should not have any trouble downloading it . this probably does the same thing you found , but you only have to run it once .
always the way , innit ? 5 minutes after i ask , i stumble across this . it is not super elegant but its success is in its simplicity . simply replace the dedicated /cache partition with a link to the internal sd card , and bob 's your uncle . has to be repeated on reboot , so not perfect , but way better than not installing at all !
summing up the solution from the comments and expanding : this process basically includes two steps : create a backup transfer it to the windows pc wirelessly a further pre-condition for the following is that the device is rooted , which is the case here . create the backup depending on what you need to backup , there are different good solutions available ( you can see the backup tag-wiki for more information ) : with a custom recovery such as clockworkmod , you can create a nandroid backup helium - app sync and backup can be used to create an adb style backup of all your apps including their settings titanium backup does backups of all your apps , data , settings , etc . , and has proven well over all the years all three options store their backups on the sdcard . so if your device features a microsd slot , you could even simply take out the card , and attach it to your pc using a card reader . this generally works without a cable , and such could also count as " wireless " : ) one thing you might need to care for manually are the media files , and other downloaded/manually created stuff . usually , this is stored on the sdcard as well  but that could be the internal one , so in case of the " card-reader option " you might need to copy stuff to the external card manually , which can be done with a good file manager such as es file explorer . transfer via wifi now for the wifi transfer . this can be done with the just mentioned es file explorer , which includes a " samba client " to access windows shares : just share a drive from your computer , and then copy all files over . this also can be done " the other way round " , pulling the files : with e.g. airdroid you can access your device from any web browser . airdroid includes a file manager , and lets you upload and download files . another more elegant variant , especially if you want to automate things , is to use a sync tool . here you might want to take a look at foldersync : as the name suggests , this app lets you synchronizes files and folders . like with es file explorer , you can use samba/cifs here to access a windows share . elegant permanent solution : set up scheduled backups with titanium backup , and set up a matching sync interval for tibu 's backup directory with foldersync . that way you always have an up-to-date backup off-board your device , in case of brick/loss/whatever .
according to an enlightening blog post by nikolay elenkov the master password is derived from your screen lock password or pin . these screen lock passwords are limited to 16 characters but do not have any rules by default ( unless you have a device administration policy enabled that enforces something different ) . assuming you have not done anything different than the normal encryption process , these should be the password restrictions you are bound by . as an aside , according to nikolay , there is no character limit or rules on the master encryption password fundamentally .
just a part-answer : i am using a nice app for resizing images : image shrink ( there is also a lite version ) . it works via the share intent - you " share " an image to it , the app does its job and the result can be shared again ( e . g . if you want to send a large image via mail and want to resize it first , easily done with that app ) .
if you have a tablet , adobe have just released a whole suite of tablet focussed ( paid ) apps , including photoshop touch . whilst i have not tried it out yet , it does look like it should be able to do resizing tasks , i can definitely see a " resize " menu option in one of the screenshots on the features page .
developers can choose to target specific devices or not . presumably these apps are either limited to devices that are known to work , or have blacklisted the galaxy player due to incompatibility . another option is that some apps might be available only while connected to a cell network or a particular cell network . there are some at and t apps that are only available to those on at and t , for example , and i imagine this might be more broadly the case . here are some workarounds : get the app via another ( legitimate ) means , possibly the developer 's site or another app market . use an app like marketenabler ( requires root ) to fake a different network . edit your /system/build.prop file to report your device as a different device . only edit the device name and versions and so on , not other settings , or your device may stop working ! you should be able to google the various fields for other devices and see what to use if you want to mimic one . note that doing 2 or 3 in order to circumvent distribution controls may not be legal in your region . the onus is on you to ensure you are acting legally . i am not a lawyer and this is not legal advice . etc .
assuming you have the app available as an apk file , you can use the app nfc transfer to share it . it uses android beam to share any file ( nfc is used to set up a bluetooth connection to transfer the actual file ) .
you have different options here : scp : as dan already pointed out , android soesn't ship with any ssh server by default . this means , to use scp as described in your question , you will first have to install an ssh server app on your device . ftp : other than you are assuming in your question , ftp can be scripted . but that might not come as easy as a simple scp command . and like with ssh , you first will need to install an ftp server app on your device as well . important note : many ftp clients/connections default to ascii transfer mode . if you want to copy binary ( basically : non-text ) files like images , audio/video , etc . , make sure you are in binary mode ( when using the command-line , that can be done by issuing the bin command ) . otherwise you might get " broken files " on the receiving end . adb : this is an option android even ships with , but by default bound to an usb connection . you had just need to enable usb debugging in developer settings , connect your device via usb , and then can use commands like adb push or adb pull to put files on your device or retrieve them from there . as you prefer doing that via wifi , there are several apps providing this as well . there might be additional possiblities , but the three mentioned above are the most used .
if you are on the same wi-fi network as your mobile phone is and you have got the option to use adb i would recommend using wireless adb . setup wireless adb on your phone and adb on your pc . then just hit adb connect &lt;Local IP of your phone&gt; and when the device is connected you can use adb push /path/local/file /path/remote/location/
you can use scp if you like , but you first have to install a ssh server on the phone . android does not come with one enabled by default : that would be a security nightmare . there are many to choose from on google play .
not in the general case , no . it is possible to send an intent to start an activity or service ( or broadcast an intent to receivers ) using the am tool from the android shell ( and therefore from a pc using adb shell ) . what you can do that way depends on what intent filters the app 's developer has chosen to offer , and in most apps it does not include actions like deleting individual data items . an alternative approach is the monkeyrunner tool . this is a testing tool , and it lets you write a python script to send input events ( and the like ) via adb to an app running on your device . however , because it is designed for testing your own app , it is very limited in what it can do . to send a touch event , you have to program in the exact x and y co-ordinates that you want to touch : it can not record input and play it back later , like a general macro tool .
i am having the exact same problem and just received the following message from samsung : the kies software does not detect the handsets , there are several causes for this and a process of checks will discover the cause and show the solution : check the system specification is correct for the kies software . check the correct and up to date version of the software is being used . check that handset is set on the correct mode which is samsung kies . be sure that the handset show connected not connecting on home screen . try to test a different usb port and restart pc . check in device manager that the driver has been installed and update if required if handset has device manager ( download one from market place for android 2.1 or higher ) ensure that all tasks have been ended and handset is in the idle mode before connecting download the task killer , it is an application used to close all the applications ( not just minimizing them )  completely remove current version of the kies software and re-install the latest version from the website . test with different pc . it is quite a number of possibilities being mentioned .
had same problem . open the app drawer , tap on settings > storage , tap on unmount sd card then you have to physically remove the sd card . worked now !
i am pretty certain the wifi drains more when scanning than when actively connected to a network . so when you are not going to use wifi , it is better to turn it off and use cell network ( which you will be using anyways while not actively connected to a wifi ) .
well without some specialized program , there is always dmesg . turn on wifi , then run dmesg in a terminal/adb shell/connectbot . towards the end of the file you will see debug statements about your wireless . dmesg | grep -i lan can be useful if you have busybox installed . i get lines like this : TIWLAN: 1251 PG 1.2 tiwlan0: no IPv6 routers present  the first one is not interesting on its own , but the second one screams " network adapter " due to driver naming convention for network adapters . " tiwlan0" is closer to openbsd 's naming convention than linux 's ( linux native drivers would just call it wlan0 ) but . . . not unexpected . a few web searches later - and yep , it is a ti wireless chip .
the sure fire method that will work for any phone is to crack open the case , write down the name and part number of the chips , and then research them individually . that can be pretty intensive though , not to mention that you might damage your phone in the process . manufacturers typically do not publish the parts list for their products . the product spec sheet may contain the cpu type ( a qualcomm msm7227 in the case of your phone ) . they may also list the gpu ( qualcomm adreno 200 for your lg optimus one p500 ) . no guarantee on that though . the folks over at isuppli . com teardown hardware and inventory the parts . most of their reports you have to pay for , but some get published for free . most handsets use a chip from texas instruments , broadcom , royal philips electronics , or atheros communications . using those chip maker names as a filter may help you to zero in on the particular chip in your handset .
i simply used the dmesg command in a terminal emulator and scrolled until i found anything named bcm432x... and wlan . think thats it . i have lg p500 .
the icon that is displayed on the action bar is called a favicon . it is a low resolution ( usually 16x16 ) icon made to be displayed next to the name in a bookmark bar . android understandably does not use this as it would look hideous on your homescreen . for a website 's icon to show up they need to add another icon : the apple-touch-icon . this one was meant to be used as an icon on the homescreen . originally for idevices , but android adapted it . unfortunately i am not aware of a way to add an icon yourself if the site does not supply it .
if you use apex or nova launcher : they have an integrated " activity browser " . just long-press on an empty place of your homescreen , select to add an activity . activity selector in apex launcher ( click image for full size variant ) browse to the sound app , and see what activities it offers . as those " preset selectors " must be available as " screen " to interact with the user , they should have declared an activity ; with some luck they did so " publically " , and then its listed here . as you can see in above screenshot , there is not only the " descriptive name " displayed , but along with it the package name ( if it is the app entry , as the first one in the screenshot : " locmgrpd " = " com . android . logmgrpd" ) or the activity to call if it is an activity ( second and third entries , e.g. ) . once you found the matching activity , you can use that to call it from tasker .
it is probably not possible with stock firmware . you definitely have to have encryption enabled beforehand , as switching it on takes around an hour and cannot be intercepted . and encryption forces you to have a secured lock-screen normally ( stock firmwares ) . cyanogenmod7/9/10 has a unique profiles feature ; i was able to set up one with a disabled lock-screen . you can switch between profiles rather quickly ( long-pressing the power-button brings up the power menu where one can switch profiles ) . cyanogenmod users can read more here : what are cyanogenmod&#39 ; s profiles good for ? certificate install without mandatory pin lockscreen android fake having a locked phone - galaxy sii
opposing ce4 , i see a possibility using e.g. tasker . in case you do not know it : tasker is the most complex automation tool available on android . you connect " events " ( as e.g. phone rings , incoming sms , a given time ( clock ) , a location , . . . ) with " tasks " ( actions to be taken , as e.g. switching mobile data on/off , enabling/disabling airplane mode , adjust volume , and much more ) to so-called " profiles " . so here comes an example profile for your problem : event : event-> hardware-> camera button pressed event-> sensor-> shake-> [ configure details ] task : keyguard on so with that profile , if you hold down the camera key and shake your device , the configured keyguard ( pattern lock , pin , password ) will be activated . obviously you need the opposite action as well : use the above again with a different " shake pattern " and , of course , " keyguard off " in the task . so initially , you configure your pattern/pin/password to be set on , as usual on android ( so the system knows which one to use ) . after that , use your configured hold-shake-pattern to activate and deactivate it . pretty simple . though i did not test it -- but i like that idea , so i certainly will test it soon myself : )
it is just an updated version of the music app ( new , fancy ui ) , supposedly ready for full google music cloud , for when it comes to the uk . i was unable to view the details in the market like yourself , but i could actually do the update . nexus s on 2.3.4 too . did you by any chance get an update notification for google books too ?
updating is sufficient . i think clear is for cases where you are offline and can not update .
you can specify quite a bit of logic in just the contexts . having a profile with multiple contexts would be the easiest way to accomplish this . remember that all contexts have to be met sequentially before the task ( s ) will fire . also , the wifi connected context will accept multiple ssids by using pattern matching . in this case a / equals logical or . try the following : profile : context : [ wifi connected ] ssid="networka " , invert=yes context : [ wifi connected ] ssid="networkb/networkc " task ( s ) : ringtone silence settings of your choice this means that the task ( s ) will fire if network a is not connected and network b or network c are connected . as soon either condition is lost the task will exit .
according to the usb host diagnostics site , yes . check the link for the roms ( build ids ) that supports otg . if your phone has root , you can also check out usb otg helper [ root ] .
first , look at which apps are runnng ( including services ) . then use titanium backup to freeze on of those apps ( exclude regular system apps/services , unless you have determined nothing else is the culprit ) and see if your problem stops . if you have not found the offender , un-freeze and try another .
when your phone wont go to sleep , check for wakelock using apps . programs like " wakelock detector " will help you to do that . good luck ! reference : wakelock , wakelock detector
have you tried a file explorer like es file explorer or my files , which comes with later versions of android ? if go to the download folder is the half file present ? a completely downloaded file will present a long list of options if you long press the file , allowing you to cut/copy/rename/delete . possibly it will also appear on a halfway complete download to allow you to delete . then revisit the gmail message to restart the download if you want . remember that the target folder might have been specified other than the download folder . good luck .
well , that may be happening because of bugs . i would say why do not you try testing your battery . you need to remove your battery and put it over the flat surface and then try spinning it , if the battery spins freely then the battery is swollen and needs replacement . i think you should first try checking your battery out .
i had the same auto startup loop zero battery problem after 6 months or so of flawless use . the tablet experienced zero battery . upon plugging in the asus , the power supply would start up , go to home screen , and display " shutting down " after 2 seconds . as it shut down , it would show a screen of " static noise " like an untuned analog tv . then , say two minutes or so later , it would repeat without any intervention , and ad infinitum . battery never goes over zero . there is a thread here that is also about the same issue . there is an albeit slightly hard to understand fix offered in the above thread , which started with " plug into pc " . i tried to follow steps without plugging into pc , as i could see no particular reason why this would make a difference , without joy . i then plugged into pc usb . large " battery charging " screen immediately displayed , and i am currently just letting it charge ( if it actually is ) . very odd flaw . i imagine as the batteries get a little older , this may become a common experience for many . i recommend checking the android central thread . i will be replying there with my results . _ just a quick update here ( i did put full process i undertook on the other thread though ) to say it all worked out well , and after leaving to charge from pc , the tablet finally started up normally again . phew . . .
i just had a quite similar problem with my galaxy nexus ( it did not go past the nexus x logo ) and it seems it is not possible to make a backup with a locked bootloader and without root ( at least not with android 4.2 ) . i thought ce4 's method could be a good try and so i unlocked the bootloader and then immediately booted clockwork recovery . next , using adb shell i transfered the whole userdata partition ( ~14gb ) and opening it in a hex editor i saw it is full of zero 's 00 . to be really sure i did a hexdump in adb shell and i saw the same ( should have done this first ) . it is been completely wiped . so unlocking the bootloader does do a full wipe of userdata and cache partitions and it is not possible to recover anything after that . doing a quick search i was not able to find the exact file in android source where it is implemented ( would be interesting . . . ) sometimes android is just too secure . i wish there would be way to backup data from fastboot ( or odin mode ) . with a locked bootloader it could even ask for a password or something . anyway after this my phone did boot again and everything is working . only my data has been lost forever . . . to everyone i suggest to unlock the bootloader as soon as you get your droid and also make backups regularly . . .
i know it is a late answer , but it might help out others . this might seem ridiculous , but this is what was causing the bootlooping on my nexus 7 . my tablet arrived from amazon , i took it out of the box , plugged it in to charge . battery icon didnt show a charge . started it up and it got to the google and the lock , then would restart over and over . so i did some reading and came across this fix . some how the tablet got " jostled " , in other words banged . the tape that holds the battery was not placed properly so it allowed the battery to shift ever so slightly causing the cable to pull apart from the connection . enough to make a bootloop . now the fix pull the back cover off , peel the tape back off the top of the battery , gently pull or twist the battery ( there is double-sided tape underneath it ) to realign it so the cable can be attached correctly . when finished put the tape back across the battery and close the case up . this is just one possible cause of bootlooping , the other answers will also work depending on circumstances .
( edit ) this answer is only really helpful for unlocked tablets . . look after this paragraph if that is already the case . otherwise read on . " fastboot oem unlock " also does a factory reset , you need to have it unlocked before you need it , alas . this is both good for privacy and bad for recovery from half-bricked devices . . . the factory reset does in fact a secure erase which nullifies all your data . according to android : building for devices : $ fastboot oem unlock the procedure must be confirmed on-screen , and deletes the user data for privacy reasons . it only needs to be run once . ( end edit ) you can boot a temporary custom recovery and create a backup of your device . it should also be possible to wipe it afterwards and recover from your problem without having to send it back at all ( provided it is not a hardware issue ) . steps : install the sdk ( if not already done ) and have working adb + fastboot executables ready download a cwm recovery image from here unlock your nexus 7 's bootloader : fastboot oem unlock here 's how to enter the fastboot mode ( the nexus 7 's codename is grouper ) : press power for a second , and press volume down when the bootloader logo appears boot into a temporary cwm recovery : fastboot boot recovery-clockwork-6.0.1.0-grouper.img create a nandroid/cwm backup from your broken installation ( backup and restore-> backup ) after the backup is complete , try to pull all data from your device : adb shell mount ( should list something like /dev/block/mmcblk0p1 on /sdcard or so ( not really sure however ) adb pull /sdcard backup/ ( replace /sdcard with the above noticed directory , this should extract all your data to backup/ ) check if everything is transmitted correctly ) you can buy titaniumbackup+prokey afterwards ( it allows extracting data from nandroid backups quite easily ) if that fails you can alternatively leech everything manually with adb : i assume you use linux . . final step : if you are really sure that you got all your data back , boot back into the cwm recovery ( see step above ) and issue a wipe data/factory reset command . then reboot and re-setup your tablet ( hopefully you do not have a hardware issue ) . optional step : relock your bootloader via fastboot oem lock
not a physical keyboard , but the hacker 's keyboard soft keyboard has control and alt keys on the keyboard .
since android does not really have control or alt , you might be able to get a virtual keyboard with them but i very much doubt there is a device with them on a physical keyboard . your best bet is a shell with support for these keys . terminal emulator does ctrl+key by holding volume down and pressing the key , for example .
i use the app brain app on my phone , https://market.android.com/details?id=com.appspot.swisscodemonkeys.appsfeature=search_result you can choose which order to show installed apps ( name , date installed , size , storage location )
afaik , android market shows the list of installed apps in chronological order . so the latest app you have installed should be on the top ( first ) of the list . the app that was installed before this - should be the second .
the authentication on some android phones occurs at a screen where you type in fastboot oem unlock and unlock the phone allowing you to change what your phone will boot into when you load . the authentication your referring to is not seen much anymore . one example would be in the earlier days i had a htc legend with a signed boot load , this meant that i had to get htc to sign a rom if i wanted to load it onto my phone . so to bypass this authentication we would load up the htc update tool on our pc 's stop on the screen just before the rom would be loaded onto the phone , go into the temp folder in windows and change the data to the data we wanted to load into our phones and let the htc software load our content rather then there own . these days the exploits to bypass authentication are rarely needed as most phones are not locked . edit got away from myself there and missed the main point in the title q : how android custom recovery roots the phone ? a : it does not
recovery is not actually booting into linux , its running before linux runs and modifying how linux runs . [ i note that " locked boot loaders " prevent you from changing the kernel , luckily you do not have one ! ] i am not sure on the specifics , but if you can get access to the linux kernel bootup parameters it is always possible to " get root access " - because the linux kernel is what defines and controls root access ! ! !
as davidgo explains , the recovery is like a separate , very simple operating system that your device boots into . when you boot into recovery mode , android itself is not running , so none of the os-level protections like users and file permissions make any difference . however , the recovery mode does have access to the main filesystem of your phone . it is normal for a recovery to mount that filesystem to apply updates , but when you are rooting your phone , the update you supply just writes a suitable su binary to the correct place with the necessary permissions ( i.e. . with the suid bit set ) . then , when you reboot into android , the su binary is there and available to use . if you want to think of it like a pc , it is like booting from a live cd , mounting the root filesystem of the pc , and editing /etc/sudoers or /etc/passwd to give yourself root access . of course you can do this from a live cd , because the ' real ' operating system on the pc is not running .
and to continue what dan wrote , if you mean for the stock android or samasung browser ( it is not the same app , but it is in the same place ) , it is what @dan hulme answer . but if the browser is chrome press on the 3 dots > " history " > " clear browsing data . . " > pick " clear the cache " , here is a picture : hope it is been helpful !
go to android settings from there select application manager . under the tab " all " scroll down to " internet " . you can find options to clear cache data as well as other data such as saved passwords . etc
clear the browser by hitting the settings on your phone . navigate to privacy settings hit clear cache .
sure . . . you just have to choose between hacking the phone or hacking the pc . via hacking the pc : enable usb debugging on the phone . install the sdk and get adb working . set up an adb port forward to the phone . write an apk which listens on a local network port and upon connection opens the microphone and pushes samples through the forwarded ' network ' socket . the hard part : on the pc , write a " microphone driver " which gets its data by connecting to the program on the android through the adb port forward . you could also do the same thing substituting a wifi network for the adb-usb . via hacking the phone : compile a new usb kernel driver which presents the expected interface for a usb microphone , and have it gets its data from the microphone . if going to this much trouble , you might as well make it into a usb webcam . root and serious coding required .
wo virtual mic 1.39 + you need to install a client
there are all sorts of apps that enable you to use your phone 's camera and mic on your pc over wi-fi or usb . here are some examples : droidcam ip webcam
the app microphone allows this . just do it by 3.5mm cord ; it is way easier .
senstic pocketaudio microphone , plus you need to install the pocketcontrol software on your pc ( or mac )
the answer is " no " - at least not without a dedicated app ( if such exists ) . btw , i can understand wanting to do this via bluetooth , but via usb ? why ?
if you have installed a custom recovery ( clockwork or other ) you will not be able to install the ota update . you have to be stock rom , with stock recovery in order to install ota updates . i am assuming that you have rooted and installed a custom recovery since you listed rom-manager as a tag . if you want the update you will first have to get back to stock recovery and rom . your best bet at this point is to install a custom rom that was built from the latest update . that should stop verizon pushing the update to your device .
i have had this problem with previous ota updates on my htc . the problem i ran into is that my phone did not have enough " space " for the update to actually install gracefully . the bigger problem is that there are many different places the phone can run out of " space " . i ended up booting into the recovery to wipe the cache partition ( for some details see &quot ; low on space&quot ; warning with over 50% free ) . i also ended up wiping the app cache and data on a number of apps ( including the launcher -- lost all my icons , gmail , maps , etc ) to reduce " space " used until the update installed . i do not recall what exactly pushed the install over the edge and made it go , but it was painful enough that i am not bothering with the latest update ( its just a point release , despite the version number they are showing you its not an ics update ) .
go to settings > developer options and change window animation and transition animation to 1x for the default or 0 for the speediest ui response
do not know if you found an answer or not but here is what i did . it requires desktop visualizer . open chrome on your mobile device and search for " google now add reminder " . this will initiate a reminder card through through chrome . in chrome menu select " share . . . " then select " dvr save to clipboard " . then create the shortcut on your home screen using the desktop visualizer app . found an easier way . . . lol . . . bookmark it and add a shortcut to your home screen .
there is the activity Google Search &gt; com.google.android.voicesearch.fragments.reminders.EditReminderActivity which does exactly what you want .
i do not think it is possible to add a shortcut to the " add reminder " card at the moment . i have had a look through the activities as well and none of them appear to do what you want . there is a " set reminder " option in the menu within google now which may help ? click the three dots at the bottom right ( you might need to scroll down ) and you should see the " set reminder " option .
a google+ account is tied to a google account . so what you can do is using your own account on the android device instead of the shared one .
the before and after screenshots of the about screen confirm that i had the exact same android , baseband , and kernel versions , as well as the same build number actually , they do not . the first screenshot shows a build number of jwr66 v , and the second is jwr66 y . an official changelog has not been released , but t-mobile 's documentation indicates that the update contains " security " updates . you can also find some ( unofficial ) discussion of the actual code commits in this article . so although the version number was not incremented , it is a different build than you previously had .
xda has nothing except for some attempts at getting gingerbread on it . i would expect you are out of luck since honeycomb was not open-source , and porting was therefore very difficult . it is possible that someone will mod cm9 ( android 4.0 ) to run on it , so i would wait and see .
there is a provision in whatsapp to change numbers . in the old phone ( assuming you still has it with functional whatsapp ) in whatsapp app goto Settings &gt; Account &gt; Change number and enter both the numbers ( old and new ) and confirm . it should be able to migrate the numbers . then you can register whatsapp with the new number in the new device . good luck . disclaimer : i have not tried it , i am providing solution only from one of my friend 's experience .
if you are concerned about the contacts and not the chat history then backup the contact in your old phone and import in your new phone . sign in whatsapp with your new number and it will read all the contacts in your new phone and your contact will be updated . only downside is you need to send a whatsapp message to all the contacts saying that you changed your number
try this : backup your whatsapp from old phone using helium backup . follow the instructions for backing up whatsapp ( or any other application for that matter ) . once the backup is complete , you will find a folder named " carbon " on your phone storage . install helium on the new phone and get this backed up folder on your new phone and place on the same location on the storage . start helium and backup whatsapp using the " restore and sync " tab available in the app . note that , unless rooted , you need to connect your phone to pc using usb cable to start the backup . follow the instructions given on play store page .
uncheckinge the " use home time zone " option also fixed it for me , although i am at a loss to know why this is so , especially since i did not travel outside of home . now , if i could only figure out how to keep google calendar and contacts in synch with ms outlook , i would be a happy camper .
i just figured out the fix and i am no techie . after reading several of these posts i noticed someone said to uncheck a setting under calendars . i unchecked the box that said " use home time zone " after setting time to my zone . it worked even though i can not tell you why . i have only had my android for a week and have not traveled out of this time zone . i probably just checked the box not realizing what havoc it would cause !
i had a problem with a secondary calendar which sounds similar . on edit the time zone changed . i went into the calendar and made sure all of them were set to my time zone . each calendar has changeable time zone on google calendars .
i would suggest clearing the calendar data and re-syncing the events from your gmail account ( s ) . go into Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; All then scroll down to calendar , tap on it , and tap on the " clear data " button . do the same for the " calendar storage " app . now go back twice ( exit to the main settings menu ) and go into the Accounts &amp; sync section . for each account you added , go in and toggle the " sync calendar " option off and then back on again . after the calendar data finishes synchronizing , try editing an existing event again and see if the issue persists . p.s. you might need to re-enable the visibility of one or more calendars in the calendar app by going to Menu -&gt; More -&gt; Calendars and ensuring the ones you want are set as " synced , visible " .
the files and folder you see via usb ( or to be specific through the usb mtp protocol ) can be different from the files and folder that are really in the sdcard section on your device . in my case a lot of files and folders in the sdcard section were invisible via usb . after executing the app rescan sd card the files and folders visible via usb were exactly the one that exist on my sdcard section .
great answers are posted already . if your device is rooted , you can look for a custom rom such as cyanogenmod , aosp rom etc . these roms do not have google apps by default . you have to flash them separately . if available , you can install a custom rom compatible with your device , then install a micro gapps package ( also known as minimal google apps ) . the micro gapps package basically just include play store and core services without all the extras such as hangout , google+ , maps , etc . a good resource for custom rom is xda forums .
i am not 100% sure for all apps involved , but for most the " general rule of thumbs " applies : go to settingsapps select the " all " tab ( to also show pre-installed apps ) walk the apps one-by-one , open their entries , and select " clear cache " plus " delete data " especially exclude things like " google play services " , but include the " calendar provider " and " contacts provider " ( or similar named entries ) . it is a good idea to first make a backup ( just in case ) , and also to keep log of what you cleared . the former in case you hit one app too much , the latter in case you need to perform a factory-reset one day  as after that , sync would be automatically enabled by default , and you can only disable it after having finished the wizard and re-created your account  so all calendars , contacts , etc . would be back .
as always do a backup of your device before removing anything if you do not understand something that is stated please ask , before continuing 1 ) go into settings and turn off all syncs . goto settings/apps/ locate the google apps you do not want running . clear data and disable each , one at a time . [ leave playstore , play services , services framework , and accounts manager intact ; i am not sure about partner setup and one time init , try those and if not working properly re-enable ] or 2 ) assuming you are rooted : you can manually uninstall most of the google apps . if you know which ones to remove ! ! ! [ leave playstore , play services , services framework , and accounts manager intact ; i am not sure about partner setup and one time init ] . i use /system/app-mover [ https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=de.j4velin.systemappmoverhl=en ] to switch apps from system to user space , then delete from there . or 3 ) assuming you are rooted : the easiest way of slimming down on the google apps would be to flash a minimal gapps to your device , that have the core requirements necessary for your apps from playstore to function properly . you can add-on any of the other features after that as needed . like i stated at the top , make sure you make a backup/nandroid so any issues can be easily corrected . good luck
it is not possible to get it in english . you will always get the text as it is " locally " . it is also a known annoyance .
try installing morelocale 2 and setting the locale to one of the english speaking countries or yet better define a new locale with language en and locale jp .
no lock works for me on my lenovo a1 !
i have released an app called soundabout on the google play store that may help .
it is a bug in the android build as near as we can figure . if your device is rooted there is a workaround otherwise have fun charging your tablet every single night . check out this google groups thread about it . on my galaxy s4 i stopped the service and everything still worked . however i found that after disabling wifi , i was unable to enable it again until i rebooted , even after restarting the service . obviously this is not the case with the nexus 7 2013 , but that does confirm that it is " modem " related . however i have found several other threads online that reference this service as having to do with external sd cards ( in some rom development threads ) but i do know that with it stopped my s4 was not able to toggle the wifi state anymore .
the total of all the usage should always approximate 100% . that android ( the core ) is responsible for 79% of the entire drain is not anything to worry about , it just says that not much else was drawing power .
you can install the diskusage app toy our phone to see what is consuming the most disk usage and if you can free it up . it is a free app , and is only 155kb in size . i would also recommend es file manager , but it is a few mb in size . but it allows you to view all the directories on your sd card . finally , get dropbox or google+ , they will backup your photos over wifi , so you can delete them from your phone to save space .
i was in trouble getting my 3g to work , and i did these steps , that solved my problem : go to the dialer and type *#*#4636#*#* tap " phone info " scroll down , you will see gsm selected ; open the list and select wcdma only ; turn the radio off and turn it on again ( there is a button for that on the screen ) press home button , not back button if you still can not get 3g , reboot your phone and that is it ; ) enjoy ! : )
a permanently unlocked boot loader ( bl ) on a nexus device is a big security risk . it is only recommended for a pure developer phone . an insecure bl enables all sorts of fastboot commands that can be used for e.g. doing the following : conduct a cold boot attack to recover the key for android 's full disk encryption make a copy of the device e.g. by booting a custom image ( adb boot boot . img ) , then copying partition dumps erase data using fastboot erase flash arbitrary android firmware , recovery images or radio firmware fastboot flash radio|recovery|boot| . . . install a root kit ( boot custom recovery , then modify system files ) steal google/facebook/whatever accounts stored on the phone etc . in case someone has their device encrypted , full access is not immediately possible . however there exists cracking software to brute force the used encryption pin/passphrase . altering the firmware is always possible ( i.e. . an evil maid attack , aka . installing a rootkit/password logger/etc . ) this is the normal process of modding a nexus device : unlock the bootloader ( fastboot oem unlock ) boot/install insecure/open custom recovery install custom firmware to secure your modded device you should do this afterwards : install a safe recovery image again ( custom recoveries like twrp/cwm are unsafe ) use the extracted recovery . img from google 's factory firmware file , available here relock the bootloader ( fastboot oem lock ) this breaks the usual update mechanisms like rommanager . in case you need to upgrade , you can run flash_image recovery recovery . img ( as root on the regular android os , it bypasses the bl lock ) to install a temporary custom recovery again and use this once to upgrade the firmware and then remove the custom recovery again by doing a flash_image recovery stock . img . i know , this is not very user friendly right now , but let 's hope the situation improves at the custom recovery front . some background on what is possible : http://hak5.org/episodes/hak5-1205 and http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=um2_cpuzq0o
there are many roms available for the desire based on stock android / the open souce project . i currently run cyanogen 's rom on my desire , but i have also used opendesire and many others . take a look on the xda forums . there is no ' official ' stock rom for the desire , because no one is selling in without the htc rom , but opendesire is as close to the open source project as you are likely to get , where as cyanogen 's rom is more feature packed ! you will of course need to root your phone to install custom roms . this is easily done on the desire using unrevoked .
this would seem to require device in which the in-call audio can be sourced/obtained by an application . on the typical android phone architecture , in call audio is handled by the radio co-processor , entirely out of reach of anything running under linux/android - the same reason why you can not really record calls . if you got a rooted phone with ( or hackable for ) usb host support and found a usb audio dongle with linux drivers you could theoretically loop around and plug that into the phone 's headset jack . . . but would not it be simpler just to buy sip gateway service from someone ?
no . at the moment , that is not available . potentially you could port a linux application for this to your android phone , easier if it is a cli application , but as it stands at the moment there is no application that can do what you ask .
yes , you can use a usb game controller without root and without needing any prior setup . just plug it in and android will recognise it . by default , the d-pad on the controller will work like a d-pad or trackball on the device itself ( if you remember when android phones used to have little trackballs built in ) , and it will allow you to move focus between controls in most apps . stock apps are completely accessible using the controller without the touch screen , but not all third-party apps are . many games ( especially emulators for games consoles ) support using a bluetooth or usb game controller , but not all games do . the idea of apps like the one you mention is to make button presses on the game controller trigger touch screen events , so if you play a game that has on-screen controls but does not support controllers , the controller will trigger the game 's on-screen controls . generally you will get a better playing experience , as well as easy setup , by choosing a game that supports game controllers . if you just plug the controller in , it'll work in any supported apps and games right away . games with controller support usually advertise it in the description on the store , but if you are not sure you can ask the developer through their support email address .
like on any os , although the app code itself is isolated in its own process container , it is possible for the app to trigger problems in the os itself or in the hardware . for example , if the crash you are seeing is caused by a hardware problem such as a damaged heatsink , then any heavy workload will make the hardware fail , and there is not much the os can do to stop that . the least reliable part of most operating systems is the drivers , so if there is a bug in ( say ) the gpu driver , that could make the kernel hang regardless of which process caused the situation that triggered the bug .
i had the exact problem for my galaxy note 2 . i fixed it by following these steps : go to settings from the menu button on the home screen . click " my device " . click " lock screen " . click " screen lock " . enter your passcode . click whichever security setting you used before .
go to Settings -&gt; Security -&gt; Screen lock , enter the pin once more and select Slide ( or what ever you had before ) .
in go sms you can also : click the menu button click folders go the the outbox folder delete all the failed messages there worked for me - this was driving me crazy !
none of the options above worked for me and i searched everywhere ! eventually , frustration made me look through my previous mms texts sent and i found 3 or 4 that had not been sent with a little yellow warning icon on the corner . one was to a family group with 14 recipients ! ! i went through and deleted those messages/mms with warning icons and then resent the problematic mms . . . and it sent fine ! i have worked it out . samsung galaxy note ii 7105
i figured it out myself . here 's how i fixed it : as it turns out , the message that says " too many unsent multimedia messages " actually means that there are too many unset multimedia messages ( who would have thought it ! ) . i went into the stock message client ( the one that came with the phone ) , clicked the menu button , and selected the " unsent " menu tab . then i clicked the menu button again , and selected the " delete " tab . then i just deleted all of the unsent messages . now it works fine . not sure why there was a limit on how many unsent messages there could be , and i am still not sure why it worked with the stock client , and handcent , but not go sms , but , now it works !
i have a note 3 and had the same issues . go in your settings and check to make sure sms is your default . under the sms program is a setting to make sms your default as well . your default notification on your phone system needs to be turned off so that you do not have multiple notifications . hope this helps .
this has happened to me at least once before . very annoying . in my case i had to check every thread , and scroll up to look for failed mms messages in the thread ( red ! ) . once one fails , apparently nothing else except regular txt will go through until the offender is deleted for some reason . i think i narrowed it down to a message i sent from my garage . with the doors shut and if i am in the back , i get one signal bar if i do not move . i think i attached a pic , hit send , then stuck it in my pocket while it was trying to send . why it does not send later when i get a better signal is beyond me . but , by checking all my threads , and deleteing each one the had a red ! eventually i was able to send the one i really needed to send . if it happens again , i will update the post with more solid information . phone is g'zone commando , android version 2.3.3 hope this helps someone .
from http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1227352 : i successfully merged sms threads by creating a backup using sms backup and restore . just open the created . xml file in e.g. notepad++ , then replace your contact 's old number in the " address " field with the new one . now load the altered backup file back onto your phone , delete your messages from within the app , and restore your newly created backup file . although it worked fine for me on the first try , i recommend keeping your initial backup file , and save your editing to a copy - just in case . using this method , i also fixed some splitted threads , where one contact with one number got split up in several threads , because of an incorrect number restore from backups when switching phones . hope this helps . : ) here 's sms backup and restore
as far as i know this is not possible in the current messages app for any of the android releases . maybe you can consider third party sms apps which handle multi-messages different .
i successfully merged sms threads by creating a backup using sms backup and restore . just open the created . xml file in e.g. notepad++ , then replace your contact 's number in the " address " field according to the number you want to merge with . now load the altered backup file back onto your phone , delete your messages from within the app , and restore your newly created backup file . although it worked fine for me on the first try , i recommend keeping your initial backup file , and save your editing to a copy - just in case . using this method , i also fixed some splitted threads , where one contact with one number got split up in several threads , because of an incorrect number restore from backups when switching phones . hope this helps . : )
there is two ways of doing this : the intents used can be searched throughout the entire source of cm available on github , notably frameworks/base/core/res/AndroidManifest.xml and general grep ping of the source . adb shell dumpsys | grep "Action: \"android.intent.action" the second option is the easiest - from aosp here 's a list of the intents . . . the mileage will vary slightly with cm as that would have extras or omissions :
as eldarerathis already said in his comment , this very much depends on how the ota is performed . first , some otas might even fail to execute , as rooting modified the /system partition and they check the crc sum which then no longer matches ( i had that with my htc wildfire/buzz more than a year ago ) . if they do not care about crc , the answer still is " yes and no": some otas are just " incremental " ( replacing/adding single files ) ; those would not touch your root-apps , and root would be retained . however , full updates ( and this includes most " version bumps " , e.g. from android 2.2 to 2.3 to 4.0 ) are completely " replacing " the /system partition ; in this case root is gone along with all the other system apps .
if you are ok with restoring your phone to factory settings , then i would try that . note that you will lose all internal data on the phone . your apps , contacts , mail , calendar , etc . will sync back from the cloud . everything on your sd card will be fine . but any application data and settings stored on the internal memory will be lost . see here for more information on how to reset your sanyo zio
do a factory reset ( here are instructions ) . grab the update from here ( dead link ) and re-flash it . you may need to put it in the /sdcard folder and name it update . zip , or use fastboot through adb ( you need to install the android sdk on your pc ) .
you can try forcing your device to ask for a free download slot : settings > apps > all find google service framework in the list , tap on it first tap clear data , then force stop after this procedure the last checked date under settings > about phone > system update should have been reset to 1970 or so . tap the check now button there and see if the update notification pops up now . if this fails even after multiple tries , you can follow a slightly longer procedure described in this post , which involves taking out the sim card . apart from that , you could just wait ( you will definitely get the update with your current config ) or flash it manually .
my hunch is that you will indeed see the update eventually ; i think the schedule depends on your carrier . if you are impatient , you can download it directly from http://android.clients.google.com/packages/ota/google_crespo/9zggdxdi.zip , although i confess i was never able to get that to apply ; you might also try downloading the entire 4.1 image and running the " flash-all " script ; that worked for me on previous releases and thus i assume it'll work for you : https://dl.google.com/dl/android/aosp/soju-jro03e-factory-c9f5a67d.tgz
head over to http://get.cm/?device=n7000 and note the md5sum of the download ( take care that build name / date match , of course ) . you can then check it on your phone against what was downloaded using filesums together with any file explorer app ( filesums acts as possible target for the " send to " share button when you long press the . zip file ) . open the file explorer , navigate to /storage/emulated/legacy/cmupdater/  and then long press the file you want to calculate the md5sum to " send it to " filesums . or you can download it from your phone using your computer ( via mtp or a sd card reader in case your phone has a removable one ) . then check the file 's md5sum locally using the commandline tool md5sum ( on linux ) or any windows md5sum utility ( looks like http://www.md5summer.org has a decent one , or just google it ) .
that depends . if you are allowed to divert incoming calls and messages to another number , you can divert them to a number that is disconnected and you will still have the data connection on your phone .
simply impossible . mobile network is gsm . gprs , edge , umts or lte , which are different standards for providing packet-based internet connections , are all expansion of the gsm standard and , as such , require a gsm signal .
it could be that it is not a particular file that is corrupt , but the filesystem itself . i have had a similar problem on a galaxy s3 , and the culprit was a filesystem error on the sd card . removing the sd card and scanning the filesystem for errors from a computer fixed the problem .
the media server application indexes all your media on the phone . its common that if you transfer media files to your phone that the power consumption of the media server will go up but only for a short period of time . this is necessary , otherwise app 's will not be able to find your newly imported media . but in your case , since you seem to be having troubles with the media server app constantly consuming battery . i think that you may have a/or several corrupt media files in the phone or on your sd card . causing the media server app to constantly trying to index files . just to do a quick test , try to copy all your important media and other files to your computer then delete them from your phone or do a format on your storage memories and check if you still experience this . if you do not , the problem is as i suspected a broken or corrupt media file . the hard part is to figure out which one . source : http://talk.sonymobile.com/
you can use ip webcam , or perhaps use dlna . for example samsung devices come with an app called allshare which can share and access dlna enabled devices on the network . i think ip webcam is your best bet , though . you should be able to open the stream it creates using mx video player or something like that . source : stackexchange-url
if you do not need the recording and playback functionality in your app , using off-the-shelf streaming app and player is a reasonable choice . if you do need them to be in your app , however , you will have to look into mediarecorder api ( for the server/camera app ) and mediaplayer ( for client/player app ) . quick sample code for the server : on the player side it is a bit tricky , you could try this : unfortunately mediaplayer tends to not like this , so you have a couple of options : either ( a ) save data from socket to file and ( after you have a bit of data ) play with mediaplayer from file , or ( b ) make a tiny http proxy that runs locally and can accept mediaplayer 's get request , reply with http headers , and then copy data from the remote server to it . for ( a ) you would create the mediaplayer with a file path or file url , for ( b ) give it a http url pointing to your proxy . see also : stackexchange-url stackexchange-url
this is the mic on the samsung galaxy s2 and this is another mic on the top . in the user guide it says that it is a " mouthpiece " i presume by that they mean a microphone that is only active when you use the speakerphone feature or record videos or when the user is on a video call .
on most devices shipping with ics and up , you can simply open the notification area , and tap the corresponding quick-setting : quick settings in the notification bar ( click image for larger variant ) make your pick . hint : a2 : ) ps : not sure how far this is customizable on which android version . even items available might depend on the device used . so i am not sure your device has a 2g/3g toggle in here , but you might check .
you can add widgets to your home screen if your phone supports . you can also try widgets from play store like 2g-3g switch data on or off
it is unlikely that any twitter app offers a way to do this . in general , intents are used to start an action that requires user interaction to complete , or at the very least ask you for confirmation . if an app offered a way to send a tweet automatically via an intent , it would also have to require the app sending the intent ( llama in this case ) to have a permission created by the app handling the intent ( the twitter app ) . otherwise , any app on the phone could send tweets without your knowledge or permission . llama would have to be written to ask for this permission , and since it is not , it would not be allowed to send the intent anyway . alternatively , it would be possible for the twitter app to offer such an intent , but ignore the intent unless it was sent by llama ( or better yet , using a configurable list of allowed apps ) . this is how many apps ' tasker integrations work . since this is a pretty niche need , i do not know whether you had be able to find an app that works this way . you might find that there is an app written this way specifically to act as a llama plugin .
right now this is not very likely . if the phone was listening and analyzing the surrounding voices constantly that would drain the battery very quickly . you could also detect app activity , data connection , etc . while that process occurs . indeed @gunner has a plausible explanation . nevertheless , it is likely that at some point phones could analyze phone call conversations the same way that gmail analyzes the text of emails and suggest personalized ads based on these conversations .
it is possible that maybe your parents ( or your friends ) searched for it , or +1d it , or checked into it , and they are in your circles ! google regularly gives you suggestions based on what people in your circles like . take a look at http://www.google.com/policies/terms/changes/ feedback from people you know can save you time and improve results for you and your friends across all google services , including search , maps , play and in advertising . for example , your friends might see that you rated an album 4 stars on the bands google play page . and the +1 you gave your favorite local bakery could be included in an ad that the bakery runs through google . we call these recommendations shared endorsements and you can learn more about them here . hope i helped !
the boot . img file is a bootfs partition . i also tried to mount this partition , but in the end i stumbled upon this script . it may help you solve your problem .
i have an " all calls " option on my galaxy s vibrant running 2.2 ( the nero v5 rom specifically ) . i am not sure if it was there on stock .
is not all logs equivalent to all calls ? edit : oh no i see now , it also shows the messages ( i do not have many messages on my phone , so for me this seemed to be the solution ) . sorry , i have not found an answer here .
there is an " all calls " option in " call history " on my phone . ( running 2.2 but on a htc with their ui , which may be different , as pointed out below . ) when i hit " view " , the option buttons are : all calls incoming calls outgoing calls missed calls is this what you are after , or have i mis-interpreted your question ?
will i be able to get ota updates if i install this ? csc of XSA or VUA works for australia . as long as it is stock rom , you should be able to get ota update . if it does not work , try to update via kies on your pc . i have read that it might have problems if the modem and csc do not match up . it is ok for modem and csc to be different , but csc must be correct if you want ota updates .
some devices would have the kernel compiled with acm serial support ( this is dependent on manufacturer/board/kernel ) so that it could be used as a dial-up modem from a pc via usb cable , that is the functionality behind /dev/ttyACM n where n is a digit as allocated by the kernel . to check for that , look in /proc/config.gz which is the kernel configuration file used , this is a gzipped file detailing the configuration of how the kernel was built , the ones you are looking for is , need to search for it : config_usb_android_acm=y config_usb_f_serial=y config_modem_support=y again , its dependent , some elect to not include it , others will omit it so basing my comment above , i think you are using the wrong device file name , the real modem device file is /dev/smd0 which is used in conjunction with /dev/socket/rild ( see my answer on stackoverflow explaining about that ) . /dev/smd0 sits in front of /dev/socket/rild , rild daemon reads from that device and relays it to /dev/socket/rild which is then handled by the android layer in both directions . try using either of the device filenames , with atinout program referenced on sourceforge , to see what outcome you will get . disclaimer : i am not responsible for messing up your telephony stuff if you carry it out as per on the sourceforge site , if it gets messed , reboot !
as i said in my answer to your first question : be warned that the device file you need to use is different for each model of phone , so you will have to examine /dev on each device to find out which file to use . if you can not find a report from someone else who has got it working on the same phone , you will need to use a little trial and error to find the right device file .
if you type/paste the url with the time behind #t= into your browser on android ( i use chrome , but others would presumably work the same way ) you should get a popup asking you if you want to open the link in youtube . this will open the video in the youtube app and jump straight to the time defined . matt cutts explains how to do this with the youtube url on his blog . try copy/pasting http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PjDw3azfZWI#t=31m08s into your browser as an example .
youtube now has updated their player and to jump to small area , there is now a popup slider for us to pick the point .
well , you can not do that in the youtube app . i tried some third party apps as well and nothing came up . in addition , the youtube app 's website also tells you to . . . slide the scrubber below the video to jump to a different part of the video . . . so i guess the only option for you is to use your browser to view videos . hope this helps .
download mode is for flashing radio firmware/rom upgrade through official means . some devices uses u-boot over the generic boot , it is a boot-loader code found in read-only rom chip on the board , which uses a certain memory address offset , in which the kernel from the /boot partition gets loaded into that specific certain memory address offset and jumps into that address and the kernel starts running . for details of the generic lk boot which is employed by most , if not all , qualcomm based devices , see this as for download mode , for example odin is commonly used on samsung devices to flash roms , those devices needs to be in download mode prior to flashing . however , odin is not the official way to do it , rather kies , is the official route in upgrading the firmware , this is for samsung devices for example .
i use andsmb or andftp over wifi for this purpose . the former accesses files shared via the smb/cifs protocol ; the latter can access ftp and sftp servers . you might already have samba ( an smb server ) installed on your ubuntu machine . if not , i think sftp is easier to set up : you just need to install the openssh-server package , and look at the official documentation to see what options you might want to change . i mention these two clients because i have used both and i know you can use " share " with both of them as well as a file browser interface ; there are other sftp and smb clients available . if you go with sftp , you might go a step further and install a dynamic-dns system on your ubuntu box so you can access it over the internet as well as your own wifi network . if you do this ( as i have ) , it is like having your own dropbox server .
there are multiple possibilities to do so . if the opposite direction is ok with you ( i.e. . initiating the transfer from your ubuntu machine ) , you might want to take a look at apps like websharing or samba server , which require little permissions . airdroid is quite famous , but you probably will not like its permission requests ( with that app you can maintain almost all your device ) . initiating transfers from your android device , some file managers might be interesting . so e.g. es file explorer file manager ( which i use myself ) . this app can even auto-discover your samba resources , so you can directly copy files in both directions . all mentioned solutions work via wifi and require both ends ( android and ubuntu ) being members of the same network .
i was not able to find easy way to make working usb connection between my galaxy s3 and ubuntu . the only solution that worked for me described here : ubuntu - automount nexus 7 in mtp mode . here is list what i did to make mtp working : compile and install go-mtp create mount point create udev rules play around with mount/umount it was not trivial at all , but finally made usb connection working . speed is good and after initial configuration does not require any further reconfiguration . please refer to the link for details .
with the nook color it is possible to both root the tablet and install a custom rom . some users have even gone so far as to setup their nook color to dual boot . in this scenario , the unit will boot the stock nook os when allowed to boot from internal memory , or boot a custom rom when instructed to boot from the sd card . this is likely the scenario you read about with regard to an " android os card " . the nook tablet is quite similar to the nook color , but has been modified from the earlier device to have a locked bootloader that will only load a rom signed by barnes and noble . while it is still possible to gain root permission on this device , it is not ( yet ) possible to load a customer rom . due to this , you may not boot the unit to an alternative rom stored on the sd card . you can , however , install the amazon appstore , google market , gmail , and other apps to get more utility from this tablet . you can find instructions and details over at xda-developers : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1354487
those instructions sound incomplete . you need to press the Menu button on the wi-fi settings screen . Advanced will be in the menu .
i am not really sure why it happens , but i have experienced the same issue in the past with the very same phone . it usually happened when i was travelling , such that once i arrived at a new destination , i would suddenly get text messages delivered . the issue did seem to go away when i installed a custom rom ( the latest cyanogenmod at the time ) . i have since gotten another phone and have never experienced the issue . if you are feeling brave , i recommend flashing a newer rom .
settings storage , technically speaking , is actually an internal app that manages the content provider framework for settings itself . it also registers itself upon android boot-up . the settings storage backing data store handler , really , uses an sqlite database , which is in the public domain and free to use . this database is required to hold the settings for updating and retrieval via the setting 's internal content provider , which is integrated through-out the rom in itself , so everything that is seen through menu > settings , " talk " to the content provider " and that in itself , handles the backing store . also , that settings own content provider is actually global through-out the rom , irrespective of android version , so that the system apps and user apps can use that to check on it by querying it and act accordingly . hence the " seeing of two settings apps " . . . .
increase your Audio Buffer size . i use playerpro music player with its dsp pack . dsp pack allows me to adjust audio buffer size . i never needed to use this feature , but it will help you . you can also find other music players to support this feature . the key is Audio Buffer . alternatively , you can reduce music quality as well as system load .
try turning off any applications or hardware that uses a lot of the phone 's resources . turn off gps , wifi , network service , and dim the backlight . also shut down any other running applications than the ones you need for playing music . if this still does not work your device may not have enough memory .
as per the op 's comment above , well , once or twice , meaning , yes it was exposed to water ! rain is water . could have gone in between the bezel of the handset or moisture residue got built up . get it checked out hardware wise . . . would not be surprised if the moisture build up is interfering with the touchscreen 's recognition of touch .
the root permission exists inside the recovery , but not in the normal system , you need to root it in there . there is usually , two partitions recovery and system , as the op indicated , was booted into the cwm recovery which resides on recovery hence is rooted , but not the normal android system .
you could try clearing the cache of the fb app and have it re-load everything from scratch .
i think this is just the facebook app being buggy , i have had the same problem . try doing a sync . i believe only the notifications are pushed , and not the actual new data , so you need to sync to grab the new messages .
to restore a nandroid backup , the device cannot be in " normal operation mode " . you have to boot into your ( custom ) recovery ( see our tag-wikis on : recovery-mode / clockworkmod / twrp ) , from where you can trigger a full restore . with clockworkmod recovery , it is e.g. found in the backup and restore sub-menu . stock recoveries do not offer taking/restoring nandroid backups . but as you were able to create one , it is pretty safe to assume you have also got a custom recovery installed to your device .
a hard reset is traditionally when you kill all power to the phone and then boot it up from that state . normally you remove the battery , then put it back in and boot up . you are right about factory reset -- it erases all your settings and data , leaving the os . unfortunately , some people use " hard reset " when they really mean " factory reset " .
they are the apps that comes with most of the phones . they must be installed in /system/app partition . you can not uninstall them without root . that is why no " uninstall " button . the street view works with google maps , you can not open it directly . that is why no " open " button . i do not have answer for why your system apps are not being able to update .
i have had the same problem with the new market app a couple times now , the only solution i have found is to clear the market data in Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; Market -&gt; Clear data ( and Clear cache if it is not already 0.00b ) . now after you reopen market , it should show the correct updates .
i would say the app is baidu browser or any other app from baidu . despite not being able to see an app in the laucher , you could have some sort of malware app installed that will only display notify items but stood hidden in background . on your phone go to settings > application manager and check for all the apps you have installed . if you find an app that you have not installed , uninstalling it might end the notification issues . if you only install apps from google 's play store i would suggest you disable the unknown source option to enable/disable the installation of third party app ( if you have this option enabled ) . you can find the option in either settings > security , settings > developement or settings > application manager ( depending on your android version ) as for the rom and updates , they can not do anything about malware apps .
if your device is rooted you could try to run a vnc server ( e . g . droid vnc server beta ) and access it from the other mobile device with a vnc viewer of your choice .
join . me should work . although i have never tried it myself for two android phones but it seems it may work . try .
unless the lock screen is some kind of 3rd party app ( like go locker ) , then i believe you would have to modify the rom yourself , and port the lock screen over manually , into your ' new ' rom . - in which case you might be better off asking for advice over at xda , or another developer forum . if it is some kind of 3rd party app , chances are you can download and install it from the play store , or download the apk online from the developer 's website . edit : rereading your question it is occured to me you might actually be asking how to port over the lock screen ( ie : which files to modify in the rom ) - in which case , you should probably go to xda ( see above link ) and ask for advice .
if the underlying baseband does not support 850 mhz it is not going to work . also , if you have a very old sim it probably is not going to work . i believe the software can also prevent you to change the preference . maybe upgrade your baseband ( radio ) after rooting your phone . maybe a factory upgrade will also do the trick , but i am not sure . see http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2794087 to root and be able to flash roms . personally , i would try for a refund or return , try to let the store fix this issue . 3g is on the carton after all ?
lots of apps use this connection to do their work . as well as google 's own apps such as gmail and hangouts , third-party apps that use any of the following features via the google play services library need such a connection to work fully : license verification or in-app purchases push notifications using google cloud messaging signing in with your google account or syncing or backing up your data to google 's servers most google play games services features ( e . g . online multiplayer and leaderboards ) even so , the indicator is not really meant as an indicator about google 's servers . since google 's servers are always there , android checks if it can reach them as a way of knowing whether it can reach the internet in general . that way , it is easier for you to know what is wrong if you are on a captive wi-fi network ; that is , the kind that redirects you to a login or terms and conditions page .
yes , it is normal . think about what a rooting app does . it exploits a vulnerability in the operating system to get elevated privileges , and drops a new binary so that it will continue to have those privileges , completely subverting the security of the system . in a way , a rooting app is a virus . you certainly would not want to install one by accident , so it is correct that your antivirus should warn about it . if you want a " clean " method of rooting , the only way is to use the official method , by unlocking your bootloader and using the recovery to root .
if you have not yet updated you should . it might be the problem that it isen't yet compattable with your os . if that is not the case , reinstal the app so it is fresh and clean .
how the webpage is displayed depends on your choice of brower and your settings . chrome on my devices by default displays webpages by width in desktop mode , so i see the same content horizontally on my phone and nexus 7 . but i would say the web browsing experience on nexus 7 is much better than on a phone due to the large screen , you can definitely see more on the nexus 7 ( vertically ) . source : i have an original note ( larger screen than nexus 4 ) and nexus 7 .
htc starting offering their own free unlock tool online some little while ago in an effort to be more hack-friendly , and the g1 ( or dream ) is one of the phones you can unlock with it . failing that you can also contact htc support to get the unlock code .
if you wish you can check with online unlocking service provider called mobile-unlocker . com who will help you in unlocking your g1 within 1-2 working days . . .
you need to find a rom image that has been built for your specific tablet . if you want to reinstall the os you had before , you need to obtain the same rom image the manufacturer used . you might be able to get this from the manufacturer . ( but if you want this , why would you wipe the rom ? ) alternatively , you could install a custom-rom . these can be found on various web fora such as xda developers by searching for the model of your tablet . you may be able to get one for a different android version , but only if someone has built an image for the model you have . once you have the rom image , simply use livesuit again to flash it to the device .
yes , this was possible on android 2.2 owing to an error in android . on versions with the bug , if you receive an sms ( or mms ) message while composing another , the message being composed has its recipient replaced with the sender of the message you received . it was fixed in gingerbread , as well as with an update to froyo , but not all manufacturers or carriers may have passed the fix onto end users .
i have looked , but it seems there is nothing that will work with the volume up button to undo the silence .
that is odd - mine behaves the way you want : pressing volume down decreases the volume , and then goes into vibrate and finally silent mode ; then pressing volume up reverses all of this . my nexus 4 has the current version of android : 4.3 ( jwr66y ) on it .
short : yes . you can send your photos as email attachments and delete them from your phone . it will free up your phone memory . but there are other options which are better than this . you can use cloud storage facilities to back-up your data and access them anytime and anywhere you want . more details about widely used cloud services can be found in this answer .
judging by the details you have provided , there is nothing to be afraid of regarding the notification . the spy activity you mentioned is never an actual warning from the os but a mere notification generated by the game to involve you in playing it . ( most probably you will be told that some enemy is spotted spying on you in an on-game mission , after the notification is selected and the game is opened . ) so after all , that notification is not a actual positive spyware warning . nothing to worry . you can not read previously cleared notifications of the notification bar . but you might be able to see the previous notification of your game if the game has a such a function in-built . check for notifications or mission updates in in-game menus . this , of course , is bit of a long shot . if there is no such option , those notifications also cannot be viewed .
the first thing to remember is that when an app runs , it does not actually do computation for the whole time it is running : most of the time it is idle , waiting for data to arrive over the network , or while you are looking at it on the screen . only very badly-written apps and games keep the cpu active the whole time they are running : this runs the battery down very quickly , and makes your phone rather warm . so even if chrome has been on the screen for 30 minutes , it should not have used 30 minutes of cpu time . if it is completely static in that time and you are not interacting with it , it might not have used any cpu time at all ! but at the other extreme , even if it was continually scrolling a page , it would not use 30 minutes of cpu time : the screen updates every 1/60th of a second , and each time it just has to run for long enough to work out what the next frame should be . cpu foreground bearing this in mind , cpu foreground is how much time the app has been running on the cpu while an activity from the app was in the foreground . ( it might also include when a service from the app was in the foreground : that is , displaying an " ongoing " notification . ) it is not a very useful figure on its own . cpu total i am sure you already know that apps can run services and broadcast receivers in the background , as well as activities in the foreground . ( for more on this , see what&#39 ; s the difference between a service and a broadcast receiver ? ) cpu total includes all of this cpu use . if it is a lot more than cpu foreground , you might suspect that the app is doing a lot of work in the background and therefore might be a battery hog . how much is " a lot " depends on the app . an app that keeps running to check some remote service will use more cpu in the background than a sudoku game . keep awake when the screen of your phone is off , it starts to think about having a quick nap . it enters a low-power mode called sleep where the cpu is almost completely powered down until needed . because this can interrupt apps ' background activities , an app can use a wake lock to stop the device going to sleep until it is finished . ( there is also another kind of wake lock , which stops the screen turning off automatically . a video player might use that kind of wake lock . ) an app can also use an alarm to wake the device up to perform some background tasks . keep awake measures the length of time that this app has used wake locks or alarms to keep the device awake when it would otherwise have been asleep . in a way , this is potentially the biggest drain on battery . sleeping uses much less power than staying awake , so if an app keeps a wake lock for a long time , it is keeping your device in a high-power mode all that time , even if the app is not doing any useful work . if you see an app whose keep awake time is more than a few seconds , you should report a bug to the app developer , and you might consider uninstalling it . 30 seconds over the course of a whole day is reasonable for an app that does work in the background , but most apps will show less than a second here .
following is the explanation to the numbers you have in question . cpu total = total time of cpu usage of your app ( cpu total = cpu foreground + cpu background ) in your case , chrome browser used the cpu for a total time of 29 minutes and 31 seconds . cpu foreground = cpu usage while the app is in the foreground ( visible on screen and focused ) in your case , chrome browser used the cpu for a total time of 14 minutes and 43 seconds when it was visible and focused in the screen keep awake = the time your app kept the device from sleeping ( prevented the phone from turning the screen off ) additionally , some devices hae the following item as well . cpu background = cpu usage while the app is running in the background ( it has a background process , or widget , etc ) so , as you can see , the actual time the app used your cpu is lesser than the time you used the app .
erasing your phone internal memory i have not tried it but using android fastboot or an recovery rom it should be possible to overwrite each partition on your device . fastboot also supports an erase command - i assume that this erase can not be considered a secure erase . therefore a secure way would be to overwrite to the two partitions userdata and cache ( and may be others depending on your device ) . the image used for overwriting should be as large as the partition . erasing the sd-card sd-cards can easily be " undelete " using a card reader and a common pc . therefore it is strongly recommended to wipe it . best way would be to use an sd-card reader on your pc and then use a tool like wipedisk .
make sure you back up any data you will want from both the phone and the card beforehand . a factory reset will clear all user modifications to the stock software ( installed apps , files , etc ) , leaving a clean device . for the card , go to settings - sd and phone storage ( or some similar menu ) , and select " unmount " and then " format sd card " or " erase sd card " . this will erase all data from the card .
for the internal storage of the phone you can only do a " factory reset " , this will leave your phone with the default factory configuration with no apps installed or any configuration . it is not a " safe method " of deleting the content , but you can not have access to the physical internal storage so this is all you can do . for the sd card , as @robert said , the best option is to extract it from the phone and put on a card reader in your pc and use some " safe erase " software . the one @robert mentioned , wipedisk , is free and reasonably good , so its a good option .
you will not be able to tell this information : the target phone could be switched off or unplugged for example .
if the " default storage " is not showing there then you should use any third party application . app2sd , androidassistant , cleanmaster or link2sd should do this . but if your device is rooted you should definitely try link2sd , with some few tweaks it automatically transfers all apps to sdcard . hope that helps .
well assuming that you can charge it okay , it is not the cable . also , other phones get recognized by your computer so it is not that either . however , it is always good to have more than one verification on something . try plugging your phone into another computer . if that works , you have a problem with your computer . if it does not work , the only option left is that it is your phone . i would just back up your data and do a factory reset . if that does not fix it , call samsung .
i had the same problem : phone was charging ok but not recognized as external device . i found this solution on the internet and it worked in my case : power off your phone power on the phone in download mode ( volume down + home + power ) press volume up to continue in download mode -> you should see an android bot and some informations about your os ( rooted or standard , . . . ) plug your phone into your computer using your usb cable windows should now discover it and load the driver ( from windows update ) power off your phone power on the phone ( classically this time )
you can use chrome to phone and copy the character from the a web page and send it to the clipboard on the phone . then you just paste .
try activating the numeric keys ( i believe this is done by tapping on the "12#" key to the right of the spacebar ) , then hit the shift ( or &uarr ; ) and that should bring up some alt . symbol keys .
hopefully it is the same as on the evo : how to type a pipe "|" on an htc evo android 2.2 edit : looks like they may have used the wrong ascii / utf-8 code for the pipe , so it looks the same/similar but is not actually the right character . ( reference : verizon forums ) i suggest replacing the keyboard then . xda has a 2.3 keyboard that should work , it requires root and rom manager to flash it .
no worky . htc is not calling the correct ascii code for the " pipe " symbol . it seems there are two of them in existence . one is a straight vertical bar ( | ) ( supposed to be ascii #124 in base-10 and 7c in hex ) and one has a small gap in the center , it is also called the broken line or the broken bar and was used in the old ibm ebcdic character set . the confusion is that i have seen unix keyboards with the broken line representing the pipe symbol . however , the broken bar is not part of the ascii set and i have no clue what htc used for its ascii representation . on second thought they must be using an iso/iec 8859-1 representation : the vertical bar is 7c ( hex ) and the broken bar is a6 ( hex ) . there you have it . all i can say is that my invisible wireless network has | in it and as long as i hide it , i can not link to it with my incredible . making it visible and joining and then making it invisible again does not work as a trick . annoying !
another good choice : you could e.g. install ( and use ) hacker 's keyboard , which has special connectbot support even for function keys etc . : this keyboard is especially useful if you use connectbot for ssh access . it provides working tab/ctrl/esc keys , and the arrow keys are essential for devices such as the xoom tablet or nexus s that do not have a trackball or d-pad . see e.g. the following screenshot , and have a closer look at the "\" key : another screenshot is quite self-explaining : so no need to freak around with copy/pasting from web pages , entering cryptic codes , or the like . simply use the right keyboard , relax , and enjoy : )
the wikipedia page at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vertical_bar has a nice , big pipe symbol right near the top , easy for copy and paste . bookmark that page .
probably damian gave you the best answer . an alternative i could suggest is , if you have rooted your phone , consider trying miui rom cause the new version ( 1.6 ) has the a theming lockscreen with already dozens of available themes and tweaks . maybe you find what your looking for there .
lockscreen calendar is a fairly lightweight app to display your next few upcoming events on your lockscreen . unfortunately , it does not currently support recurring events .
maybe this application will help you ; http://www.appbrain.com/app/executive-assistant/com.appventive.execassist it is pretty expensive but looks pretty powerful .
that was not working for me neither , but when i tried the superoneclick it worked perfectly and very stable , but you will need to use a pc to do it .
if you have got a galaxy s without a three-button-recovery mode , have you looked into making or buying a download mode jig ? see this post for instructions on making one , or there are a few ebay sellers that stock them pretty cheaply .
summed-up solution from above comments : you can use a filtering proxy like e.g. filterproxy , which lets you define what urls should be blocked . to prevent other users from simply disabling the proxy then , you could protect it using an app locker like e.g. app lock .
there are slightly different opinions around on this topic . to fully understand the issue , one needs to first understand how liio batteries work ( which goes a little too far for our site , so please read details on wikipedia ) . lie ryan is absolutely right : liio batteries do not take it well to be fully discharged . it should not be done too often . i am not sure what a double-take should improve here . usually there is no need to do that " explicitly " . if you think of how often you end up with an empty batterie ( as it does not last long enough ) , calibration is already done as a side-effect ( if you then fully charge ) . it is widely agreed that it should not be done more often than once in 60 . . 90 days , so logas might have mistaken the term . see previous point : ) i never saw reason to calibrate any of my devices ' battery , though . it certainly cannot hurt to do it with the device turned off , as then it is not being charged and discharged at the same time . i doubt it is really necessary , but it does no harm : )
this might be a new feature of newer versions of android ( i am using 4.4 ) , but i can easily mass install apps from the Play Store . how to mass-install apps with the play store : open the play store go to my apps go to all keep your finger pressed on an app that has not been installed yet for a second or so . now the play store goes into selection mode , you can simply select all the apps you want and press the " install " button at the top when you re done .
assuming you have previously installed appbrain and synced your device , you can do the following : from google play market download and install appbrain and fast web installer apps . open the fast web installer and sign in with your google account ( same one you are using on play store ) . open the appbrain app , and sign in with your appbrain account . go to preferences , and then use the " enable fast web install " option . under menu go to " more lists . . . " option , select the previously synced list , tap the " add all apps " button , and tap the back button . tap the " execute " button , and after reviewing the permissions tap the " install " button . this should download and install apps in batch , without having to confirm each one separately . you can also create lists of apps via appbrain 's site , and these lists should show up in the app .
i do not know of a way to do this . i recently bought a new phone , and to save myself the tedium of manually installing 40 odd apps , i went to the google play store using a desktop browser . it will already have a list of apps you have installed under my apps , so you can quickly spin through the list and install them - you do not need to wait for each app to install .
you can install titanium backup in your old device and backup all " user installed " apps + data to sd card . in your device , put this sd card and install titanium backup again and restore " user installed " apps + data . though i have not tried this across devices , i had tried this with same device using different rom . i had backed up from a stable rom and whenever i install a new rom i would use the above method to install all my apps with its data . i had already asked this question and it has been answered referring titanium backup .
app updates notification can come from the app themselves , but most commonly they come from the play store . play store will notify you for any updates to system apps ( i.e. . apps that originally comes with the phone ) and apps that are installed through the play store ; it will not notify you about updates to side-loaded apps our apps installed by third party market . third party market may also have their own update notification mechanism ; which is completely unrelated to the play store update mechanism . they may or may not provide update to system apps , although most do not . amazon app market for example also provide updates notification . note that update notification on third party market depends on the app developer updating the app on the third party market , some developers might update their app on play but not on third party market or vice versa for various reasons .
I noticed on another android phone there were "updates" such as new Youtube, Gmail, etc. I never received a notification for these on my device.  go to play store app in your device and hit the menu button and go to my apps you can see the installed apps list here . select any app and you can see the check box Allow Automatic updating below the application screen shots . check this and you will be notify every time when the updates are available and it will automatically update if you are connected with any network ( edge/wi-fi/3g ) . Are these delivered via Google Market.  ofcourse , they are delivered via google market . or is there another app I can use to update these other than Google Market?  no , there are no other apps that you can use to update these apps . if there will be any app that offers updates they will ultimately redirected to the google market .
/proc/config.gz ( and consequently .config ) , a file containing all needed flags for the linux kernel building process , can only be found if the kernel maker / your device manufacturer explicitly enabled config.gz availability when the linux kernel was being built . so if it is not present in /proc , you had have to either do a trial-and-error , get help from somebody else , or contact the manufacturer .
getting the proper adb version and also using linux instead of windows and screwing with the usb debug feature until a proper rsa key exchange finally occurred . the combination of the 3 corrected the issue . . . . .
you can perform updates on installed app 's accessing the play store : find the play store icon on your home screen or in your app drawer and tap it to open it up . once the play store loads , tap the menu button on your device and choose the " my apps " option . wait until the list gets filled . if there are available updates you will see:: a text that says " update " to the right of the app 's name , you can long press it to update that app ; additionally , you can press " update " on the top of the list to update all app 's . usually a number is present to the right , that refers to the total number of updates available .
you could give this xda-developers app a try : note : this app was developed in the early days of ice cream sandwich ports . at this time none of the ports had native usb mass storage support and this app was meant as a temporary workaround to use ums nevertheless . so this app will not be interesting for you , unless the ics or jb port you use still does not natively support ums . if that is the case , here comes help : the app starts automatically after booting up the device and automatically detects when the device is being connected via usb to a computer . then a notification pops up in the notification bar and by tapping on the notification you will open a gui to enable/disable usb mass storage ; just/almost like the original ums feature . sounds quite good so far -- only your galaxy nexus is not explicitly mentioned on the list of known supported devices . this does not necessarily mean it will not work , but just at the moment it is not known . should be worth a try .
it appears that aokp jb build 4 has : " usb mass storage emulation for certain devices ( i9* ) " i have not used it myself yet .
it may be possible to export a loopbacked image file via usb as ums/msc . you will definitely need : root kernel support : loopback ( /dev/block/loop0 ) and ums ( /sys/devices/platform/usb_mass_storage/ ) custom app to enable/disable this or a custom init script to always export the image file here 's an example for an easy hackable app , a little development needed though . . . one needs to change the default block device ( /dev/block/mmcblk0px ) to the loop0 and also losetup the loop0 beforehand , then build . additionally it could be possible to have it mounted on the android device if it is not exported , e.g. at /sdcard/fat here 's a short test on my galaxy nexus ( in recovery mode ) :
this is the tl ; dr version . sorry , usb mass storage is simply impossible with the galaxy nexus . the reason for this is that usb mass storage gives the pc block-level access to the filesystem , and to maintain the integrity of the filesystem , it must be exclusive access . this is why android phones unmount the sd card and apps can not use data on the sd card while the phone is in usb mass storage mode . the galaxy nexus , however , does not have an sd card . it is the phone 's voluminous internal storage that is being accessed . mtp ( see @zuul 's excellent explanation ) gets around this and lets both the phone and pc access the files without the phone having to be locked out . the down sides are that you do not get exclusive block-level access , and operating system support for mtp just is not quite there yet . if this is a feature you simply can not live without , then your best bet is to use a different phone . not coincidentally , this is one of the reasons i got rid of the galaxy nexus and got a droid razr maxx .
short answer : currently you can not make use of your device ( any device that relies on mtp ) to act as an msc , due to the protocol specifications ! elaborating as to clarify , galaxy nexus uses one massive partition for the entire device , its like saying that : system , data and sdcard are all together . mtp was selected for galaxy nexus because it allows the use of this large storage area , that from a system point of view , insures a better communication with files , provides a more secure file system and gives less trouble to maintain . why is not capable to go your way : there are no separated partitions in galaxy nexus , only one large storage area . even emulating a fat32 file system , one would still need to be able to translate between fat32 and ext4 at a low level . this is practically impossible . if the galaxy nexus had a partition , you could have block-level access and thus you could have mass storage access . long boring version : short background the mass storage class ( msc ) , commonly know as usb mass storage ( ums ) , that we are all used to use on or devices , is a protocol that allows a universal serial bus ( usb ) device to become accessible to a host computing device , to enable file transfers between the two . on the golden days , one just needed to plug in the phone , hit " usb mode " and start moving files , editing files , etc . . . media transfer protocol ( mtp ) things have changed a lot , when we talk of the new transfer method that is being used on your device , the media transfer protocol ( mtp ) : 1 introduction see page 15 zip bellow media transfer protocol , or mtp , is a protocol designed for content exchange with and command and control of transient storage devices . it was been developed as an extension to ptp , or picture transfer protocol , and is targeted primarily at digital still cameras , portable media players and cellular phones . while the introduction still leaves margin for doubt , this protocol was developed and implemented with a very specific purpose : to facilitate the transfer of media files and associated metadata between devices : 1.1 purpose see page 15 zip bellow the primary purpose of this protocol is to facilitate communication between media devices that have transient connectivity and significant storage capacity . this includes the exchange of binary objects and the enumeration of the contents of that connected device . file types supported ? at this point we already know that this is for media files and media based devices , but one question that i have seen on the comments remains : can we copy files other then media files ( audio/video ) ? yes we can : 1.3 mtp object model see page 15 zip bellow the term " media " in " media transfer protocol " is used to identify any binary data , and is not restricted to audio/video formats to which it is commonly applied . some examples of non-audio/video objects include contacts , programs , scheduled events and text files . what about " live edit " ? your question specially concerns the usage of your device ( galaxy nexus ) as an external usb storage drive . why it can not be done ? the mtp protocol limits data to a unidirectional operation , also latter explained that the device storage is used by the computer as a local file : 4.2 unidirectional data flow see page 29 zip bellow the data flow in mtp is always unidirectional . when initiating an operation , data flows only from the initiator to the responder . when responding to the requested operation , the data flows only from the responder to the initiator . during the binary data-exchange phase , data may flow from the responder to the initiator or from the initiator to the responder , but never both . bi-directional , binary data exchange must be performed by multiple operations . advantages vs drawbacks advantages the mtp does carry some advantages with it , mainly concerning the security and integrity of the user data : when a usb host computer has mounted an msc partition , it assumes absolute control of the storage , allowing for example , the file system to get corrupted or reformat to an unsupported type . meanwhile , the mtp overcomes this by making the unit of managed storage a local file that can either be written or read . drawbacks the mtp is not treated as a traditional removable drive , so , no recovery tools can be used to save the day . the support is still underway , some operating systems stile require third-party software . mtp standards ( as mentioned earlier ) do not allow for direct modification of objects . instead , modified objects must be reuploaded in their entirety . references : i hope this clarifies as to why mtp is good ( improvement ) , but otoh bad ( user will have to change habits ) . here 's the reading material used to synthesize the answer : usb . org :: media transfer protocol v . 1.1 spec and mtp v . 1.1 adopters agreement . zip with pdf files wikipedia :: media transfer protocol android central :: mtp - what is it , why use it , and how to set it up microsoft :: media transfer protocol enhanced specification microsoft :: media transfer protocol implementation details the above answer is credited to the contents and authors of this reference links .
ok , here 's a start at a list ( does not have to be definitive ) : the gotab gbt740r 7" android 4 ice cream sandwich tablet , costing just 100 pounds or less in uk ! this device has a full size usb female socket to support usb otg / usb host . a friend owns one , his usb memory sticks work in this - we can browse to the usb stick contents using astro file manager app on the tablet . @philip sheard 's ( yet unknown ) " cheapo tablet just 70" - see his answer ( care to enlighten us at to the make and model , philip ? may be it is the same as the one i mention ? or not ? ) update : acer iconia tab a200 ( includes full-size usb a connector , takes flash keys no problem ) . thanks @michael kohne for your answer . i will try to update as i find more . . . ( feel free to contribute )
acer iconia tab a200 ( includes full-size usb a connector , takes flash keys no problem )
i bought a cheapo 7" tablet for just 70 , and that has usb host . it is also 2.0 , so it is very fast . as a developer i am very excited about the future of usb host , and i plan to support it in my own app .
here is a shell function to check for loop support without creating a loop device . it should even work as non-root . note there exist losetup versions with different behavior of -f . sometimes they would automatically load loop module if needed and possible . and some versions would even directly return 1 if no loop support available . others just print "/dev/loop0" although there is no such device . the function above tries to be safe for all known cases . note that you may still need to load the loop module to have usable loop devices available . if you are root you could also run a real " modprobe loop " before losetup to be sure .
you can use the following command at the terminal : export  and search for : LOOP_MOUNTPOINT  if there is a loop_mounpoint , probably you can mount loop devices . updated how to test ? download a freedos image ( http://www.freedos.org/ ) 40mb iso . make a loop device association : losetup /dev/block/loop4 fd11src.iso  mount a iso device mkdir freedos_img mount -t iso9660 -o ro /dev/block/loop4 freedos_img  and there is this the mounted iso at freedos_img
just came across this . i was having the same issue . you could just do zcat /proc/config.gz | grep CONFIG_BLK_DEV_LOOP from a terminal emulator . if you get a y , you are good to go .
you can verify by checking /proc/config.gz and search through it looking for the configure option - CONFIG_BLK_DEV_LOOP=y . to do that you need to do it this way : cp /proc/config.gz /sdcard/kernel_config.gz  and adb pull /sdcard/kernel_config.gz  unzip the kernel_config . gz and open it up in a notepad or text editor and search it . if its either # CONFIG_BLK_DEV_LOOP is not set or CONFIG_BLK_DEV_LOOP=n all bets are off .
the reason the pictures remains visible in the gallery is because the android 's mediascanner is a bit weak in this regard . what happens is this - when android boots up , it runs the mediascanner , which goes off and checks all the images , ringtones , audio to sum up , and keeps tab on it . this is only done once on boot . you can get around this , by unmounting the sd card , do this safely ( settings > storage > unmount sd card ) this will take a few seconds , once its unmounted , you can pop out the sd card , pop it back in again , this in turn will force the mediascanner to run again , and then all the images that you have deleted are no longer there in the gallery . mediascanner is a service that acts as a caching service in that it caches all media ( images/audio ) . on some roms , there is a facility to force it to run again without having to do the above .
try the proposed solutions in this post . in short , one of these may trigger media scan : send a broadcast intent action_media_mounted . note that it is possible to send an intent via ./adb shell am . run the rescan media app renaming a file taking a photo through the camera app remounting sd card rebooting
while other answers have given nice workarounds for this issue , most of them seem to not work properly in ics . the only sure method of deleting all pictures was as such : delete all files in dcim folder clear data for gallery clear data for media storage kill both gallery and android . process . media i have attempted to get these into a script , the issue is with 3 - as media storage does not give it is process name , and as such i can not clear data through ' adb shell pm clear processname ' for it .
use one of those : <code> cat /proc/mounts mount # free disk space of mounted fs ' df # this shows you available devices cat /proc/partitions </code> ps : lines containing asec are moved-to-sdcard apps ( it is each an encrypted volume per app for security reasons )
all contacts that have a group will sync . those contacts that do not have a group ( ie " other contacts" ) will not . go to gmail on a pc and choose contacts ( i have not tested from a phone ) . there is a default group called " my contacts " and there is a default group called " other contacts " i would guess you do not have any or very few in " my contacts " . open a contact and make sure they are assigned a group . either " my contacts " or a custom group underneath that . this way you can still have contacts in gmail without having them in your phone . btw anytime you get an email and the contact is new , it is put in " other contacts " .
yes , when you save a contact in the people app it will ask you to save it to " phone " or " google/gmail " . if the contact is saved in the " phone " part , it will not sync .
you can remove wifi networks under settings -> wireless -> wifi -> long press on unwanted network -> remove . some apps like the automatic hotspot login from the german " deutsche telekom " are adding ssids to the list of known networks . if you remove such an app , the network is maybe not automatically removed .
android will not connect to a wifi access point without you specifying that you want to and saving it . under settings , wifi , long-press on the names of any access points you do not want to connect to and choose " forget network " .
your three questions are really all about the same thing . since the issue is specific to fairphone , this tells us that the problem is in their changes to android . it could be in their customizations to the camera app , or in the device driver for the relevant hardware , or in the integration as a whole . software defects can not always be blamed on a single part of the system : sometimes the error only results from different software components not working together the way they should . the question of why software defects come about and live for so long is much too broad to answer here . integration problems are relatively hard to fix , because often they are only seen in the whole system : disabling any one part to isolate the problem makes it go away . drivers are the least reliable part of any os , and of course that is going to be more so for a small company that does not have the manpower or experience of the mainstream smartphone manufacturers .
can you provide a logcat of the issue ? assuming you have adb , connect your ace to the pc , fire up adb , and type adb start-server adb logcat &gt; logcat.txt  the issue is probably because the router is having trouble giving out addresses , but i am not sure .
in fact , the problem was resolved by doing a second factory reset . looks like it is wise to do the factory reset several times before declaring the problem . do this before setting up your screens with your widgets etc . organised and make sure you have a backup .
you can take a look at locus maps , which allows for importing many different formats , including gpx , kml and kmz . if the latter are nicely organized , a kmz can even include images for pois etc . to be used offline ( how to do this , is described step-by-step in this tutorial on the locus forum ) , see the screenshot below 2 for an example of detail display , showing an older version of the app . the app even allows for navigation ( network only needed at the start , for route calculation ) , offline maps ( downloadable right from within the app 1 ) , and much more :
the solution i use is trekbuddy . i have been using this app for the past 5 years in various platforms from java to symbian to android . this app can load offline map and show your ( gps ) position on it . it can show and record your trail ( as gpx ) and you can show predefined way points on the map ( using gpx again ) . being a free project from beginning , it does not have a great documentation and support . in spite of all these downsides , i can still vouch it as one of the most useful and most powerful gps-navigation-tracking app . it requires a bit of learning curve and some serious homework , but that comes at the benefit of using the navigation with out internet connection . there are quite a lot of documentation , tools and how-tos in wiki style in their home page . i have been using this app for my trekking , city navigation and touring . few capabilities of this app are : display a previously downloaded map tiles and over lay current gps position on it . show the trail as an overlay on the map . display previously defined way points on the map display previously defined route on the map . play a sound when the current position is with in a given radius of a way point log the entire trail as gpx switch between various maps available for java , symbian , android , blackberry phones display statistics like average speed , average moving speed , altitude change , number of satellite seen etc as seen in the following image : all the above without internet connectivity all the above free . ps : i am in no way associated with trekbuddy other than i am using it and amazed by its usefulness , which you would have probably guessed by now ; - ) there are other apps like osmand , which can do the above with and without internet connection . few features will not work without internet connection , but all that you asked will work . official google maps now allows pre-downloading map tiles . with this you can select an area which you would be visiting and download them when you are with wifi connection . however there are no way you can record the route . for that you may have to use mytracks app from google .
you can choose one specific route and save it to use later : c|net - save maps for offline use in google maps for android
google wants to integrate everything into g+ . this started with sms and hangouts in kitkat ( where by default , there is no longer a separate short-message app ) . what you see here are preparations for the gallery : the photos app is integrated with g+ , but the gallery app not yet removed .
doing my own tests with google+ auto backup , i have found that photos that have been backed up ( in some cases for a very long time ) will disappear from the phone ( no trash ) , as well as from the online " backup " ( again not found in the trash ) when the photos are deleted from the phone using the default gallery app . i am not sure why this is the behavior since the backup should be just that . . . a backup . syncing my phone 's gallery is not an actual backup . syncing is a different process , and i would not consider it a backup . what happens if i get a new phone and allow the backup to run before i have gotten a chance to restore all of my images ? do the missing images get removed from the online " backup " and disappear forever ? there are a lot of questions here , and i do not have any good answers just yet . i do know that i have lost pictures due to the backup automatically deleting them if they were removed from the phone and not storing them in the trash where they could be recovered .
do not know much about gallery but figured out about photos . if auto backup is set up in google+ on the phone , then photos get backed up in in the cloud in google+ . in the photo app one can see albums , photos etc . if one deletes a photo in the phone it moves to trash both on the phone and on the web . this works the other way round . if a photo is restored from trash then it re-appears in the photo app . why there is a gallery app , i have not been able to figure out .
the photos app and google+ app , while deeply connected , are different applications on your phone . the photos app is designed to replace the old gallery app by providing more editing and sharing options . both photos and gallery show you pictures stored on your phone and stored on google 's servers under your g+ account . if you are using photos you can ignore gallery . both the photos app and google+ app have auto-backup settings and both are talking about the same thing : backing up pictures you take to a private album associated with your g+ account on google 's servers . you can turn on auto-backup in either photos or google+ . you can delete or recover pictures that were backed up to g+ easily within the photos app . from photos you can also delete pictures that were taken with your phone 's camera but not backed up to g+ . pictures that were locally stored on your device or were not backed up to g+ cannot be restored once deleted . pictures that have been backed up to g+ with have a small cloud icon in the bottom-right corner of the thumbnail . you can remove pictures just from the device by going to the upper left and clicking on the " photos " . that should bring up a menu , where you scroll down almost to the bottom to get to " on device " . bringing up that list is just the photos on the device ( instead of all the photos that g+ knows about ) , and when you delete there it only affects the device storage , not the backed up version . see https://support.google.com/plus/answer/3453521?hl=en for a ( very ) little more detail .
i am in the exact same boat . finally decided to understand the relationship between local storage , google+ 's " auto backup " , and how the new photos app navigates between them . like you , i have got a ton of unanswered questions - way more of them than answers - popping up as i spend more time with it . just as an fyi , i am running android 4.4 on the samsung gs4 google play edition . auto backup settings are to back up over network and wifi and to exclude local folders . at one point i took a test picture and , once it showed up in the " all " tab of the photos app , i deleted it to see what would happen . the photo disappeared from local storage and the " all " tab and popped up in the trash . not so on google+ in chrome . the photo remained , and the online trash stayed empty . upon restoring the photo from local trash and refreshing everything , i tried again . this time , the photo disappeared from the " all " tab and google+ in chrome , but remained in local storage . it appeared in the trash on both systems . another strange thing to note is that the " all " tab includes both photos that have been backed up automatically to google+ and photos that only exist locally in folders such as " screenshots " and " whatsapp " . because my auto backup settings specifically exclude non-camera or hangouts photos , nothing but photos existing in google+ should show here ( hence the " download " option available upon selecting a photo in this pane ) according to google 's official description of this feature : these are the photos and videos you have uploaded to or shared on google+ . if you have auto backup turned on , this section may include items taken with your device 's camera , photos saved from the web , or photos saved by other apps . it looks to me like google rushed this app out the door , and has done a very poor job getting their code to match their description . what is worse , the functionality is so convoluted and confusing - to the point of seeming broken - that trying to organize photos stored locally ( on the smartphone ) and in the cloud ( google+ via auto backup ) is nearly impossible . any help/thoughts on this ? edit : i can not say i have experienced anything like ryan , fortunately . that sounds like the last straw for using photos until it gets seriously overhauled .
astro file manager ( like es file explorer ) also has support for dropbox and allows you to download folders . for a dedicated app , there is folder downloader for dropbox which works just with your dropbox account .
( i do not use the dropbox app on android ; does it not keep local copies ? ) dropsync keeps specified android folders synced with specified dropbox folders . no need to export ; it is ( almost ) always there . ' almost ' as in : the changes i make on android get uploaded right away ; changes made to dropbox files by some other device get downloaded at the next scheduled ( or manually initiated ) sync . the only time i ever need to think about it is when i have two devices open and i am working with both of them .
es file explorer has support for several cloud storage providers . it allows to " copy " folders from your dropbox folder to your sd-card etc in a similar fashion as you would copy files locally . the " network " tab allows you to add an account .
i have never tried but i strongly doubt it , for reasons that are nothing to do with android itself . each manufacturer has their own variant of the headset connector on their phones , but they are all compatible with standard stereo headphones . this implies that the tip and the first ring are outputs ( the left and right channel ) , not inputs . in contrast , digital keyboard pedals like the one you linked to tend to be wired like microphones , with the output ( from the pedal 's point of view ) on one or more of the connections where the phone is expecting its output to be . for this reason i doubt you will be able to do something like this on any kind of phone without some custom hardware . that said , you do get usb foot-pedals for typing ( you can configure them as an extra shift key or similar ) , so one of those might satisfy your need .
sure you can , there is a product that uses the audio port as an extra button , check this : http://gizmodo.com/add-a-button-to-any-android-phone-with-this-genius-head-1221431712 maybe this is more like a comment than an answer , but actually i can not add comments untill i reach 50 points . by the way , as microphone it is an analog input for the android , you can set a trigger point on certain value to detect an ( on/off ) state , for example : if microphone values are in a range from 0 to 1024 , you can set that if input it is less than 100 consider it as pedal pressed , if it is greater than this , pedal it is not pressed . you just need to read microphone input and convert it to it is analog values instead of treating it as audio .
no , not if you are using the google authenticator app . you will be able to receive the sms with the code , but you will not be able to link the app . always print out your backup codes in case of this : account - security - 2 step verification - backup codes
i actually had the exact same issue when trying to set up users on a no brand tablet . my tablet was rooted out of the box , so i installed xposed and then the module multiple users for phone . even though the title says it is for phones , it works flawlessly on my tablet . it adds the option Users to your settings page . info about xposed from the installer page : xposed is a framework for modules that can change the behavior of the system and apps without touching any apks . that is great because it means that modules can work for different versions and even roms without any changes ( as long as the original code was not changed too much ) . it is also easy to undo . as all changes are done in the memory , you just need to deactivate the module and reboot to get your original system back . there are many other advantages , but here is just one more : multiple modules can do changes to the same part of the system or app . with modified apks , you to decide for one . no way to combine them , unless the author builds multiple apks with different combinations . if you want clearer instructions on how to install , comment and i will edit the question . i can not link to all the links because i do not have 10 reputation ( yet ) .
when you flash Gapps.zip ( or really any zip in recovery mode ) , the applications in it are usually written to the /system partition on the device . the difficulty is that the system partition is only mounted as ' writable ' when installing the gapps zip . after that , it is mounted as ' read-only ' , making it impossible to delete things on it . you basically have two options for deleting unwanted system applications : start over : reflash your rom , then flash a modified version of the gapps zip that has only the apks you require . you can remove apps from the gapps zip simply by unzipping it , deleting the apks you do not want , then zipping it up again . acquire root access , and remount the system partition as writable . you will need the android command line tools installed to do this , but it sounds like you already have . to mount the system partition as writable , do the following : adb shell su mount -o remount,rw /system  note : /system is only writable until the device is rebooted . you then need to delete the unwanted apks from /system/app . reboot , and you should see the offending apps gone from your launcher . please bear in mind , however , that some google apps depend on each other , and may not work properly if you delete those that they depend on . i think you will generally be ok if you only delete ' named ' applications ( e . g . hangouts . apk ) . others such as googlehome . apk are required by others .
easiest way to do it is with Titanium Backup application .
this was my mistake . i had the proxy server configured incorrectly . packet forwarding was not turned on so no traffic other than the intercepted port 80 and 443 traffic could reach the internet . since google uses ports in the 5000s to determine connectivity and those ports were essentially blocked no internet connectivity could be determined .
right , the best you can do is download this app called ' aspotcat ' from the google play store . this will iterate through your listing of apps installed on your device . to carry out the task - tap on ' aspotcat ' that is the app that was downloaded from the google play store . tap on ' list apps by permission ' tap on ' system tools ' , this will expand , and there will be a button called ' details ' , tap that . scroll down to see ' disable keyguard ' , tap on the arrow beside it , and it will expand itself , in there , you will see apps that have the permission to do so . this will help you track it down and there should be an app listed in there responsible for disabling the keyguard , uninstall it and fingers crossed it will resolve it !
its called " set up screen lock " . you can find it under settings -> security -> set up screen lock you will want to change it to slide .
same issue for me . solved removing last " maps " app update . found it using " aspotcat " , like t0mm13b said .
this function is also referred to as the " keyguard . " most of the phones that i have had do not allow you to toggle this on and off in the settings . clearly something , possibly another app , toggled this off . i use tasker to manipulate this setting . you may need to be rooted to do this but you can enable or disable they keyguard manually or programatically . there are also third party apps for toggling the keyguard . they are usually advertised as ways to disable the keyguard but they slice both ways . depending on what disabled your keyguard in the first place , you may only need to use this solution once .
i am not fully sure if this is what you want , but you might want to enable the setting " power button instantly locks " setting in the security section of the preferences . ( that is where it is in ics , i assume name and location are similar in gingerbread . )
any apk files installed in your device usually stay on its internal memory . the apk configuration defines whether the app should stay on the mobile 's internal memory completely , or it may shift a few resource files ( images , etc . ) to the sd card . the main files ( technically : the java class files and layout files ) remain on the internal memory of the device . this may be changed if your device is rooted , and you have partitioned your sd card to allow installations on it ( technically : ext4 extension replacing the fat32 extension of a part of your sdcard , which will not be accessible to the user from the device as a mass storage ) . apps2sd is an app which eases the process of shifting apps capable of transferring resources from apk to sdcard , so as to free up some memory on the internal memory . the app does not help install apks on sd card . hope this helps .
it very much depends on the app you want to install , and what the developer of that app decided to be the preferred install location . see : app install location on developer.android.com: beginning with api level 8 , you can allow your application to be installed on the external storage ( for example , the device 's sd card ) . this is an optional feature you can declare for your application with the android:installlocation manifest attribute . [ . . . ] if you declare " preferexternal " , you request that your application be installed on the external storage , but the system does not guarantee that your application will be installed on the external storage . if the external storage is full , the system will install it on the internal storage . the user can also move your application between the two locations . if you declare " auto " , you indicate that your application may be installed on the external storage , but you do not have a preference of install location . the system will decide where to install your application based on several factors . the user can also move your application between the two locations . the linked article contains a lot more details , but they are rather targeted at the developer . above quotes however are the ones referring to your question . for a final answer , there are two choices : a ) simply try and see , or b ) ask the developer .
it will be installed on your phone memory ( internal sd card ) . but you can move that app to your external memory card using this application .
your pc / laptop needs to connect to your phone via bluetooth . in windows 7 , provided your phone supports the relevant bluetooth connections , you should be able to use your computer to listen to /speak with calls received on your phone . you need to pair your phone with your computer via bluetooth to enable this functionality . in windows 7 , click the bluetooth icon in the notification area ( system tray ) and choose your device .
googled for this and this page came up among the first results . . those still interested in the same issue , google for " soundabout " good luck
with the stock rom , you will not be able to do anything . consider switching to a custom rom like cyanogenmod . or , if you like the stock samsung experience , you can find several stock based roms on xda which gives you this feature
battery monitor widget or similar might report the current ( it depends on whether the battery controller reports it or not ) , though i am not finding any reports on whether it works on your device or not . still , can not hurt to try it . alternatively , a usb multimeter , like this one , would give you definite readings .
lucky boy ! when i did the root procedure on my galaxy s4 , i did not figure out that i was going to lost my warranty increasing the knox counter . . . infact almost any root procedure will do this . but , as i told you before , you are lucky because there is some new root-procedure that will not increase the knox counter . you can read further on this : http://www.theandroidsoul.com/universal-root-de-la-vega-script/ hope i have helped you ! luca
there are two events that will trigger the knox flag to change from 0x0 to 0x1 . unsigned recovery ( recovery . img ) is flashed unsigned kernel ( boot . img ) is flashed it is not the actual custom rom that trips knox when you get to flashing . it is the step before that , getting a custom recovery loaded in order to flash the rom itself . this is also why the de-la-vega root method works , because it flashes a prerooted stock system image to your device without touching the two partitions that do trip knox of modified .
probably this is not your case , but i have found an htc one s with similar behavior ( no usb sign of life , even in dmesg and lsusb ) and the problem was the cable . it was like an usb cable but it was not a usb cable , only a power cable ! all the four pins were there but only two of them were connected , and instead of the usb logo it just had a lightning logo on both ends . now the question is : why does such a cable exist ? how much can be saved not connecting the two data pins of a usb cable ? 1 $ per cable ?
i just deleted it . . . it seems to be a bug with cyanogenmod . will update if there are any problems . deletion was done through the terminal app . you type su to give it super user permissions , then you go to the path and use a linux command to delete the files .
officially : this is not possible , except for certain ( older ? ) archos tablets . inofficially : there is the autopatcher project . it includes patches to enable 3g modems on wifi-only tablets ( it may be possible to use those on phones too , but ymmv ) . autopatcher supports these android firmware flavours : some 3rd party firmwares ( cyanogenmod , aokp , paranoidandroid , pacman ) aosp 2.3- > 4.3 ( e . g . , google 's nexus line ) . . . and others not supported are original htc , samsung and other branded firmwares .
yes , it is called the menu key
i found some great info on the phone 's buttons from at and t 's site too : motorola flipside tutorial closed view earpiece : lets you hear the caller and automated prompts . power/sleep : end a call / turn off the device / sleep mode . micro usb : charge the phone or connect to a pc . menu : press to access sub-menus with additional options for different features and applications . home : press to return to the home screen . microphone : captures audio . trackpad : use to select small items in the display , or control a game without blocking your view . just flick across the pad to scroll or move , and press the pad to select . back : press to return to the previous screen . search : press for text search ; press and hold for voice search . camera : use to take pictures and shoot videos . volume : use to adjust the volume . 3.5mm headset : allows you to plug in a headset with a 3.5mm connector . open view 13 . . shift : capitalizes letters during text entry . 14 . . alternate : inserts alternate characters . 15 . . menu : press to access sub-menus with additional options for different features and applications . 16 . . back : press to return to previous screen . 17 . . search : press for text search ; press and hold for voice search . 18 . . space : enters a space into text . 19 . . symbols : opens a table of symbols . 20 . . scroll/select : use to navigate up/down and right/left on the screen . 21 . . new line : start a new line ; sends message when text messaging . also known as the enter key . 22 . . delete : press to delete text .
well , to put this another way : for gingerbread , storage space weighs around 95mb , give or take , including google apps , source code 6.5gb , compilation taking up approx 14gb space . android 's storage space for ics , weighs around 160mb , give or take , including google apps , source code 9.5gb , compilation - takes up approx 20gb space . as to jb , have not yet built it , but source code is 12.5gb , compilation takes up around 25gb space , various official jb images hovers around 200mb mark . the above ball-park figures above , reflects from gb , ics and jb . as for the future versions of android , only time will tell how much more space will be taken up , it will increase , no doubt ! as for the final image build output , this would be dependent on handset , as rom developers/manufacturers love to add their own bits , hence the inclusion of the " give or take " in the above sentences , not to mention carrier bloat-ware so the mileage will vary .
yes , just copy the /system/etc/apns-conf.xml file . you can also use an app like apn backup and restore : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.riteshsahu.apnbackuprestore edit : to backup manually-entered apns ( or ones otherwise not part of your rom , such as ones " imported " when you insert a new sim card ) you also need to back up /data/data/com.android.settings/shared_prefs/com.android.settings_preferences.x\xadml  apn backup and restore does not do this .
a subscriber identity module commonly known as sim card has a storage for text ( sms ) messages and contacts only . settings ( i presume you are talking about access points and gprs/3g configuration - clarify it you mean something else ) about your phone are not stored , except the carrier related parameters like message service center number , value added services codes etc .
dcim has historically been used to store pictures and videos - it stands for digital camera images . the location is hard coded into the camera application and cannot be changed . there are a small number of alternative camera apps on the market - i have not looked , but they may support custom image/video save locations . without a rooted device , there is no way to use the mount command at boot , unless you make an app to do it . this could in theory work , but that command would most likely need root to be executed ( i will try now and tell you ) . apps however should not think that only images reside in the dcim directory . this is incorrect , and you would do well to contact the app developer to tell them this .
you say " tasker does not seem a solution " . if you already have tasker installed you can do the following : create a task with 6 actions that puts the names of the files in the camera folder into an array , then loops through the array moving files one by one depending on the filename extention . note , in the if statements , ~ means matches , and ! ~ means does not match . ( your directory may look different to mine ) list files dir : external-sd/dcim/camera variable : %myfiles variable set name %arrayindex to 0 variable add name %arrayindex value : 1 move from %myfiles ( %arrayindex ) to external-sd/pics if %myfiles ( %arrayindex ) ~ *.jpg move from %myfiles ( %arrayindex ) to external-sd/vids if %myfiles ( %arrayindex ) ~ * . mp4 goto type action number number 3 if %arrayindex ! ~ %myfiles ( # ) now you can launch this task with a shortcut on your homescreen , or you can make it fully automatic by having tasker run this task whenever the camera app closes . to do this create a context -application-camera , and link it to the above task . then long-click on the task and select " move to exit "
looks like it is a no . star this issue if you are interested in google adding the necessary framework for a hardware alarm : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=1942
it would be nice to tell us info about your device . i suppose all those problems are device specific ( or rom for specific device ) . my experiences with device samsung galaxy s2 and huawei g300 shows that there is not that much big difference between battery usage on 802.1x and wpa2-psk . ~ jiri
both works the same way . while the usual adblockers block all ad-related servers/ips , you can do the same for selected ones . provided your device is rooted , you can block their specific ips via your hosts file . just add the server name one per line , and send it to an " invalid " url such as e.g. 0.0.0.0 . an example entry would look like : adserver.myprovider.com 0.0.0.0  of course this would mean you have to figure out the url of the ads displayed . here apps like os monitor might prove helpful , as they show all open network connections : os monitor : open connections and whois information ( source : google play ) when such an ad is displayed , immediately open the connection tab in os monitor and check the list . the first screenshot 1 shows the app in charge is displayed along with the corresponding entry . the status column will most likely hold either *close_wait* , *last_ack* , or ( less likely ) established . tap the entry which seems fitting to get the whois information 2 . on that page you see the hostname right on top ( "dns" ) , which is what you then put into your /system/etc/hosts file as described above . do not forget to clear the app 's cache afterwards , as otherwise cached ads might still be displayed . continue until you caught them all : ) another solution is available for certain providers ( at least here in germany ) : opt-out of provider billing , either completely or for given companies . of course you still need to pay your contract ( that is not what is meant here ) , but you should no longer be automatically charged for ads etc . via your phone bill . which does not mean nobody might scare you with accuses of a subscription you " bought " -- but that would no longer work for those ads .
according to their bug tracker , webrtc is currently broken on firefox android . you can get audio or video , but not both , and attempting to get both results in your getting neither . as for chrome android , it is only in the beta ( m25 and later ) and is disabled by default . to enable it , type chrome://flags into the url bar , then scroll down and find the " enable webrtc " checkbox and check it . it'll then prompt you to restart the browser . note that webrtc in chrome is really beta , not " google beta " and has some issues , such as ; audio sounds choppy and warbled especially on devices where the cpu is heavily loaded acoustic echo cancellation on mobile platforms is not working well chroma components received from the galaxy s3 camera drivers are swapped ( colors look inverted ) dtls via openssl on android fails and needs to be disabled general stability and complexity issues another note , neither of these browsers quite follows the standard , so the people who are writing the sites need to be adapting for the browsers eccentricities and if they are not being throughout , it will work on one browser , but not the other .
just get a free keyboard . apk and copy this to your sdcard . install it from there . to find a free keyboard apk file : just do a search on google : " free android keyboard apk " .
you just created a nice chicken-and-egg problem : to install a keyboard via the playstore , you need to configure your google account on the device first . to do that , you need a keyboard . note : never delete the ( last ) keyboard app from the system apps ; a factory-reset removes all user apps , so if there is no keyboard app as system app . . . here 's what you can do -- provided you have got some keyboard as .apk file : enable usb debugging on your device use adb install keyboard.apk to install the keyboard app if you do not have adb installed on your computer , either install the android sdk -- or see is there a minimal installation of adb ? for an " adb lite " variant .
sometimes the download manager will not clear its cache , goto settings/apps/download manager and clear data ( cache will be cleared as well ) . it will not erase any already downloaded items , but the items trying to download . if you can , run a logcat , to get an idea of what is going wrong . good luck ! !
other than being redundant and using more resources ( you would have two separate services running in the background all the time ) , you should not have any problems running both at the same time like any other application . i would see it as not much different than running locale and tasker at the same time . they might do very similar things , but they are not exactly the same .
a factory reset will not remove a custom rom unless the backup image in the custom rom is for a rom other than itself . this would be pretty unlikely . i think we had need to know your phone model and the rom you used to help you figure out why it did not write over the system apps . that is definitely not normal . normally virtually no trace of the old rom should be left .
do you have superuser ? if so , make sure it is giving the app superuser privileges . i use this one : system app remover pro 3.0.1035 package : com . jumobile . manager . systemapp . pro version ( code ) : 3.0.1035 ( 223 ) size : 669.9 kb ( 685930 bytes ) installed on sd : false installed : feb 13 , 2014 6:58:09 pm updated : feb 13 , 2014 6:58:31 pm flags : 572996 sourcedir : /data/app/com . jumobile . manager . systemapp . pro-2 . apk publicdir : /data/app/com . jumobile . manager . systemapp . pro-2 . apk requires : android . permission . access_network_state , android . permission . internet , android . permission . read_phone_state , android . permission . access_wifi_state , android . permission . write_external_storage , android . permission . read_external_storage , com . android . launcher . permission . install_shortcut
it is not that easy to remove those apps . i would suggest installing a custom rom like cyanogenmod ( that is what i did myself ) . you might have some problems with apps that do not work under that custom rom and there is no way back . . . i assume that you want to use google play store therefore the " google apps " come by default included in this proprietary package . i have found a script for doing what you want to do , it did not work for myself and i ended up using a custom rom try http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2307355 it is a script which you can modify , you need a rooted device and cwm or twrp
you did mention apps2sd , that is where the slowdown is happening , more than likely , the filesystem on the sdcard is getting a bit fragmented ( unless its non-fat32 file-system from the old windows 95 era ) . it might be better for you to use the android 's native filesystem ( ext3fs ) to accomplish this . you should not have to be restarting the handset in order to resolve it . question for you - what class is the sdcard you are referring to . perhaps upgrading to class 6 or better might help . ( if you are bombarded by the terminology ' class ' , its down to the speed of how fast the sdcard can be read in , generally , the higher it is , the faster it is , but then again that is depending on the sdcard slot if its capable of supporting it . ) you would be quite surprised as well , that maybe reformatting the sdcard can do the trick as well but if you happen to have apps on it . . that is definitely ruled out .
normaly it should not restarted . if you uninstall an app , it only deletes the apk from the folder /data/app and the app data from the folder /data/data . nothing special or magic .
you were assuming state  hardware  media button coming close to your wishes  but no : that event triggers when one of the media buttons is pressed , as the name suggests , not when a video/media is played . when looking for a fitting tasker trigger , the only thing coming close to it is checking the %MTRACK variable , but that only works for some audio players . to extend that , you can use some tasker addons as e.g. wave control or media utilities  but again , according to their descriptions they seem to work for audio only . i am not aware of any possibility to achieve this with tasker ; but feel free to check out my collection of tasker resources , maybe one of the many tutorials mentions anything i overlooked , or one of the addons got updated in this regard .
there is not a single app or script that runs for all videos . some video support is built into the android framework , and each app also have its own logic for playing videos .
i have verified that google+ version 2.4.1.271037 on android 4.0.3 uses https for instant upload . i did what @shambleh suggested and performed a network trace at my internet gateway . enabled instant upload , snapped a picture , and saw a bunch of traffic hitting google servers ( ip address 74.125.226.70 , but remember this may change ) on http port 443 . using wireshark , it is clear that the traffic is encrypted .
it is hard to tell which protocol is being used in the g+ app ( especially since google is trying out new protocols like spdy lately ) . this is by no means a guaranteed approach , but you may be able to take some steps to answer this one yourself using information from the so post monitor network activity in android phones . they recommend using a tool called shark for root which seems to be like wireshark for android handsets . please note , that if you are not very network savvy , the output may be difficult to interpret and will probably require an install of wireshark on a pc to interpret . note : if i get a chance in the next few days , i will try out this approach myself and update the answer .
you can create an encrypted zip file of that video and set it to automatically unzip and play the video upon entering the correct password . zip4j is an open-source java library that supports encrypting/decrypting zip files , since default android java libraries do not have it . this is more of a workaround because it will not directly encrypt the video , but create an encrypted folder from which the video may be extracted .
what about an app like android video protector ? it is advertised as being exactly what you are looking for : how to protect video files on android platform ? android video protector solution contains two software , there are android video protector and ppvm video player . android video protector is a video encryption software running on microsoft windows operating system , it uses a password to encrypt the video you hope to protect , and supports 4 types encryption modes : device binding , one device , one password non device binding , all device , one device id , one password non device binding , all device , one password encrypt video only how to playback the encryption video on android platform ? because the video is encrypted , the general video player can not playback this video , ppvm video player is the player running on android platform and supports playback the encryption video . it firstly check the playback password , which can be generate using android video protector , after complete the password authentication , it will playback the encryption video . i have no idea if these programs are reputable or if they work . the android app is a direct download from their website ( not the google play store ) - proceed with caution at your own risk .
encrypting a video , this sounds fascinating . i would like to share an approach that i think can be used here : get the byte-array of the video in your test project . copy this ( byte-array ) into your target-project as a variable now your target-project has the video , in form of a byte-array . to add password , convert the password-string to a byte array . now to save the password in the video , add step-4 byte array to the top of step-3 byte array . now your video is encrypted ! any other player trying to play this file will throw an error . however we are not concerned with the file thing . actually we have no video file , we just have a static variable that was created in step-3 and modified in step-5 to play this byte-array variable , first we will need to extract the password from it . we always use a buffer to read such type of files . a buffer is basically a byte array of any required size . let we want to choose a buffer [ 128 ] . this makes our step-5 varible look like a set of 128-sized byte arrays , like : [ 0100101011010 . . . . ] , [ 01010100010110 . . ] , [ 001010101010110 . . . . ] . . . . . so the first buffer created while reading step-5 variable . contains the password ! . but where ? . its some thing like : [ xxxxxx ] + [ 010101011 . . . . . 128 ] where [ xxxxxx ] is the password we set in step-5 and the other part is actually the part of the video . we now have to filter our password from this buffer , not an easy task ! so we will go for another approach here ! we will make our password ( step-5 ) take the entire size of the buffer ( here 128 ) . which means , the first 128 positions of the step 5 variable will entirely be used to recognize the password ! so now the first buffer will look like : [ xxxxxxxxxxxxx . . . . xxx ] ( only password ) to do this , the step-5 will convert the password string into byte array and if it is less than buffer size ( 128 here ) , the it will append dummy values to it so that its size becomes equal to 128 . in step-11 we have created an encrypted password ! so finally , when the video is to be played , we will get step-5 variable that was modified as per step-11 . ask for the user password . convert this password to a byte-arr and append values to it to make it 128 in size ( similar to what we did in step 11 ) now we will compare the first buffer-sized ( 128 ) part of step-13 variable , compare it to step-15 input-password-byte array . if they do not match , show a dialog box with the appropriate message . or if it matches , remove the first buffer sized part . rest contains the video that is to be played . wow ! cheers !
you can repartition the internal memory . in essence it can be done , but what many others have answered is basically correct . not only is it quite difficult and risky to perform it , it also requires specialized skills which the average user may not have . there is one solution to the problem though . the easiest way to do this is to look for a custom rom for your phone . many custom rom providers recognize the issue already and have a fix for it in some way or the other . your phone model can provide more information if you like .
if i understood your question correctly , the answer is : you can not . the internal memory is built into the phone and can not be altered , hence why many phones come with sd card expansion option . those that do not will either have high internal memory from the get-go , or are simply not meant to function beyond basic phone functions ( such as call and sms ) . if it is simply a question of optimizing the use of your internal memory , i answered a thread that was roughly about that here : gmail won&#39 ; t sync , apps don&#39 ; t update : &quot ; device doesn&#39 ; t have enough storage space&quot ;
miui has a built-in call/message filter , perhaps confusingly called firewall , since there is also an actual internet firewall within the , also confusingly called , monitor application ( a comprehensive call and traffic logger ) . works great though . to password protect it just use the guard application , also within miui .
no , 4.3 does not address that at all . you will still have to use the kernel that ziddey has posted on xda-developers . com .
i finally found out where . after trying various " gapps " packages , none of which worked and some of which destroyed the system , i finally found this page : http://www.cesgeekbook.com/2011/12/install-android-market-pandigital.html that provided some " gapp " apk 's and listed in what order they needed to be flashed . no rooting needed , and was a very simple process . also gave me full google android market access . hope that helps somebody as much as it helped me .
it sounds like your table has not been provisioned with " core " google apps . installing them separately from 3rd-party websites will not resolve this issue , since you will need other " system " apks as well . without an exact make and model of your tablet it is impossible to recommend anything . knowing those , you might be able to find a " gapps " package built for it . you will need a custom recovery image , and very likely a custom rom installed first before you can attempt to flash gapps . i would start with android development sites like xda-developers and rootzwiki , and then searching on google may bring more results .
if you need to install gmail , you can snag the apk by pointing your android 's browser to droidload and downloading it from there . you should be able to either launch it directly or save it to your sd card and then launch it via navigating to it in a file browser and clicking on it . there are more detailed instructions on droidload if you problems . you should probably also install gtalk , as if i am remembering correctly quite a few other apps rely on it is transport layer for various things .
as you are rooted , you can use droidwall to control network access on a per app basis . from the market page : front-end application for the iptables linux firewall . allows you to restrict which apps can access the network . this is the perfect solution if you do not have an unlimited data plan , or just wants to see your battery lasting longer .
there are email replacement apps , but unfortunately the few that act similar to htc mail will cost money . touchdown by nitrodesk : touchdown is my preferred email replacement as i use the exchange functionality , and imap protocol . it can tie into most major email services , and also offers some premium features for business users . enhanced email : a more powerful revamp of the stock email app that is starting to become popular . it offers some premium features and the developer is very responsive if you have run into issues . moxier mail ( free trial ) : offers support for all major protocols , its user interface is probably the closest to the htc mailapp . maildroid ( free ) : never used maildroid , but it is yet another email replacement . the upside is there is a free ad supported version . hope those help !
this is not an exact answer , but it can simplify what you want to do . . almost all qr code readers provide result sharing options . use this feature after installing phone 2 chrome or 2cloud . you can also copy results in clipboard and get clipboard data on pc using airdroid ( it does not require internet connection ; it works over internal wi-fi network ) .
ok , i found out the reason for this problem is the band differences on the 3g : S5830: HSDPA 900 / 2100 S5830B: HSDPA 850 / 2100 S5830L: HSDPA 850 / 1900  and the incompatibility with the current firmware i had ( i updated to cyanogenmod 7.2.0 and still had the same issue ) , so for a quick fix , i went to : Settings &gt; Wireless &amp; networks &gt; Mobile networks &gt; Use only 2G networks  and that took care of the issue , however , for a full solution , flashing a latin ( like the brazilian one ) with a modem file like the kp7 or kpl should take care of the problem .
there are many storage locations in an android device ( specially in samsung galaxy - series ) . . storage locations which do not require root access : external sd : if your device supports removable microsd card , its mounted on /mnt/sdcard/external_sd ( also hard linked at /sdcard/external_sd ) . internal sd ( also labeled as usb storage ) : this is mounted at /mnt/sdcard ( also hard linked at /sdcard ) . you can access file system of device over wi-fi . to reach storage locations , just follow the paths . here , you can write anything without problem , but there may be problem deleting files/directories here due to limited ftp permissions ( follow last part of answer to remove this limitation ) . if you access file systems using usb connection , there should not be any permission problem . storage locations which require root access : system storage : its protected storage of system reserved for apps . e.g. /data partition . rom : its the storage where firmware files can be located . e.g. /system partition . to write here , you do need root access . if your device is not rooted , you are out of luck . if you are rooted , you can use root explorer or es file explorer to write anything here . note : you need to mount some partitions with r/w access to write . e.g. /data partition is already mounted with r/w access , but /system and /dbdata partitions are mounted with r/o access . accessing them on pc is somewhat tricky : use terminal emulator to mount the partition with r/w access permanently ( if its not ) . install a native linux ftp server and execute it under root user . make sure to configure ftp server for accessing the location you want to access . done ! you can now access this location over wi-fi using any ftp client . update : its not a concern for questioner , but its worth mentioning : when internal sd is not present , removable microsd card might be mounted on /mnt/sdcard ( also hard linked at /sdcard ) . and , all these mount points are decided by manufacturers , firmwares and may be different . so , its always better to check with mount command in terminal emulator .
one way i can think of is by killing the message application . but i am not sure if the message sending is done by the message application itself or if it passes the message to other process or android core to do the real transfer of message . anyways you can check by going to menu -> settings-> manage applications -> select all tab and select message and click force stop .
yes . you can do it with the sms undo app for android . it runs in the background and is very easy to use . also you can set up timer when it will be active and the time the message will be put on hold .
one easy way is , putting the phone into airplane mode . so the sending message will be cancelled .
while the message is " sending " press and hold the comment/text massage . a menu option should appear giving you the option to cancel message before it sends . airplane mode is a good one that'll work too .
take a look at cancel sms - works as i mentioned in the comment above . there is a delay of one minute before sending , thereby allowing a user to cancel the send within a minute of typing out the message . be warned , the app adds a bookmark and a search shortcut .
airplane mode immediately . . then force stop , then clear the data , the restart phone . . . worked for me !
check out pvll . the app puts a delay of 5 seconds before sending , called the "5 second rule " . works for me . it also has a feature that lets you schedule texts in the future , and there is a sharing layer on top of sms that lets you discuss your conversations . i use it instead of taking screenshots or cut and paste .
duckduckgo
i have had pretty good luck with duckduckgo for android . you can also set your browser home page to it or startpage or ixquick .
the error message in this case is misleading : it is not that greasemonkey is incompatible with that version number , rather that it is incompatible with firefox for android . the extension mechanism in firefox for android is somewhat different to firefox on desktops , so add-ons for desktop firefox will not work ( in general ) on android . to find out if/when android support is planned , or to help out , you could start by contacting the gresemonkey-users mailing list .
here is a relatively simple description of the desired process : download your contacts from google by following the simple instructions here open your e-mail program and start a new e-mail message . enter the cell phone number in theto:box using the format number@teleflip.com, where " number " is the phone number of the cell phone to which you are sending the message . for example , to send a text message to cell phone 123-456-7890 , enter 1234567890@teleflip.com.(in this case you want to enter your own cell number ) please see source for more information type a message of up to 160 characters in the message box and then click send ( in this case , attempt to attach the contacts file that you exported from your google account instead of a message ! ) . congratulations ! your message will shortly appear on the cell phone . hope this helps ! good luck
if all you want is static text that does not change in any way , then by far the easiest way is to open your wallpaper image in an imaging editing program either on a pc ( something as simple as windows paint would do ) or on the phone ( search the android market for something like " image editor " or " photo editor " and you should find lots of apps that can do this like picsay or pho . to lab ) and add the text straight onto the picture .
it is likely that the option does not exist on your stock phone launcher ( can not confirm that , i have a different phone ) , but if it does , it should have the keywords " looping " , " wrap around " , " circular scrolling " in the settings . i would recommend installing one of the following 3rd party launcher instead , which do not wrap around by default , and provide other useful functionality : go launcher ex adw . launcher launcherpro go launcher ex appears to be in active development though so you will probably have better support going with it . there are other launchers as well but these 3 are the ones i have used before .
just use your fingers in the main page . place one finger on the top of the screen and the other on te bottom . then , diagonally , slide them untill the middle , joining them . that should expand all the pages you havr . after that select the one ypu want by long pressing it and slide it to the bim to remove it . good luck !
use a keyboard which does not ask permissions for full network access . in this case you do not have to be worried about someone stealing your passwords . you can see the full list of permissions in app list .
of course a keyboard app can capture your passwords as you type them , along with everything else you type : naughty text messages , credit card numbers , web searches , everything . you could not have a mechanism to stop it , because in a sense , that is what it is for . it can only send this or any other information across the internet if it has the appropriate permission , " full network access . " almost all apps use this permission , though , and a keyboard might want it in order to download new language files , or to show ads if it uses that revenue model . swiftkey , for example , has a " cloud sync " service to let all your devices share the same training data . this can only work by transmitting words you have typed , and statistical data about text you type , across the internet to their servers . android warns you that this is the case every time you enable a third-party keyboard in the language and input settings . nexus devices show a dialog with the message : this input method may be able to collect all the text that you type , including personal data like passwords and credit card numbers . it comes from the app highway . use this input method ? but as i mention in another question , manufacturers can replace the message ( perhaps with one that is not entirely true ) or disable it completely .
theoretically yes : it is the nature of a keyboard to know all your key-presses . so if the app has the internet permission , it could also send this to " some place " . for closed-source apps , it is difficult to check whether they do so or not ( the only way doing that would be monitoring their network activity over a long time , best done on the router ) . with open-source apps , that is easier , as the code is freely available , and thus could be investigated directly . a few years ago i would have said : if it is a reputable developer , you are on the safe side . with todays spying reports , it is hard to say . . . so if you want to be absolutely sure , there is no other way then using an open-source keyboard , grab the code , and compile it for yourself (  paranoid mode ; )
go to settings> > developer options ( under system ) > > stay awake ( uncheck this )
the screen on my phone turns on when the battery is 100% charged . . . i would also like to be able to disable that feature but have not found a method to yet . once i turn the screen off however , it does not come back on again while the battery is at 100% . presumably , if the phone went below 100% and/or started charging again it would go back up to 100% and the screen would turn on again , so something to check--if you use a charging cable instead of a dock--make sure the usb connector is not old or bad ( i.e. . , intermittent ) . if the usb connector does not make good contact then the phone 's charging logic can be re-triggered and the screen will come back on . you can see the effects of this yourself by plugging and unplugging the charger . the display may come on briefly , turn off briefly , then turn back on again to say that it is fully charged , and a cheap usb cable that wears out can eventually cause this to happen repeatedly . i do not think this is the issue you are having based on the symptoms described , but something to look at . another possibility would be a sub-standard charger and/or heavy processor usage on the phone that allows the battery to be charged but then discharged enough while it is still plugged in so that the phone thinks it needs to start charging again . i am not sure if that can actually happen or not , but if the phone thinks it is time to charge the battery again , and then it charges to 100% almost immediately , you will get another notification with the screen turning on .
try this app . it has an option for turning the screen off after 100% battery level alarm rings .
according to samsung when the battery is fully charged it will notify you , that is what turns the light on it keeps notifying you . . annoying , but samsung says it is normal and that there , " is no feature to turn it off at this time . " maybe many should complain to them . i did find a partial solution . first i turned the volume down on the notifications , i can live without them . its better than hearing them at night . second , i took a picture with the camera lens covered . this gives a black screen . i then set the home and lock screens to us this black photo . this eliminated the bright blue screen . you can optionally turn the touch pad lights to not come on in settings , display touch pad lights . i can live without those as well . then you can optionally , turn the clock off for the lock screen or make it the smallest size . this all cuts the light down dramatically when you are fully charged . i then just turn the phone over . this all yields a half baked solution i can live with . now samsung , wake up and allow us to turn the stinkin charge notification off !
uncheck settings-> accessory-> dock-> desktop home screen display
i too have not figured out the intermittent screen turn on problem but will address one other issued mentioned . lithium ion batteries have internal circuitry which shuts the charging down when the battery is at 100% . unless the electronics are bad , you cannot overcharge them . leaving them discharged for long periods can harm them . you can get roughly 300 to 500 recharges , its best to not run it all the way down , recharge often , when not using it , the charges are cumulative , so a 30% discharged battery is best charged then , not when it runs down . this can easily be verified at manufacturers web sites . ive learned this from years of being involved in electronics and seeing the evolution of rechargables
once you have created a folder in the apps ( i.e. . i created a " temp" ) and then remove it : 1 . go to the app drawer , apps , and find the panel holding the folder . 2 . menu > edit 3 . press and hold the folder until " remove " appears . 4 . drag to trash can ( remove ) . 5 . save gone .
go to Settings &rarr ; Apps &rarr ; All &rarr ; Phone and press the Force to Stop button . phone now will appear
some apps show in the play store but nowhere on your phone . in that case you can go to the play store and open you installed apps area . locate the app that is missing and click to uninstall it . you will most likely be uninstalling the update that cause the problem . make sure the app is still install and saying to install uupdate and then reboot the phone . once the phone is back on you should be able to locate the missing app . also check the status of the app in the play store . the update may not be needed at this time .
same happened to me on my note 3 , and what i found was i had inadvertently turned off the contacts app . on samsung phones go to settings , general tab , application manager scroll to the last page labeled " turned off " . click on the app you need to turn on and select turn on . that did it for me .
try deleting your launcher data from settings : Settings &rarr ; Apps &rarr ; Launcher &rarr ; Clear Data
in your app drawer ( the main one ) , you should see them . you can then long press and drag them to the main bar at the bottom .
any program that needs adobe air will have a check in it is code when it first runs to see if adobe air is installed . therefore if you uninstall adobe air then open an app that needs it , it will notify you to download it . so uninstalling adobe air is fine .
this is how many modern android phones ( including all nexus phones ) work . the nexus 4 can switch between mtp and ptp modes . to overgeneralize a bit , it can use mtp to emulate a media device and ptp to emulate a camera . the nexus 4 has no way to mount as a mass storage device ( and thus , no practical way to mount it and get a drive letter for it )
try btmono , maybe it helps .
the transfer speed majorly depends on the ' class ' of your sd card . micro-sd-cards-smartphones-speed-class-explained edit : i googled about this issue and it appears that the slow transfer speeds is due to the cache size for reading from sd card . it is set to 128 kb in most cases . you can check it by running the following command . adb shell cat /sys/devices/virtual/bdi/179:0/read_ahead_kb  to change this value you must have root access . also the changes will be reset on reboot . developers at xda have made scripts to make this change persist , check this link for a detailed explanation .
there is no such thing as normal usb transfer speed . it depends on several factors including but not limited to : class of the sdcard usb speed ( 1.1 vs 2.0 ) performance and load of the the computer out of these three the one with the most influence is the class of the sdcard . the class describes the minimum write speed of the card in mb/s . for example a class 10 card has a minimum writing speed of 10mb/s . based on this your sdcard is most likely a class 2 . if you can not locate your sdcard class , there is a free tool ( only for windows users ) that gives you the transfer rate of your sdcard : h2testw 1.4 after you have finished verifying your unit you will be able to see the exact time it took for the operation to complete , the number of megabytes tested , and , of course , the writing / reading speed . as a side note : the cache that abdul mentions has nothing to do with this . that is for reading and only applies if the card is mounted in the phone .
if you can turn the phone on , set jorte to sync with a google calendar . then you can get it on any android device you want . if the phone is dead and you can not charge it you may try charging the battery with an external charger then following the step above .
it is not actually possible to fully disable the led for gmail without disabling email notifications altogether . your only alternative is to use an app like lightflow ( of which there is a free , ' lite ' edition ) . hopefully there will be a fix for this in a future update .
this happened to me and i had to boot into the recovery menu and clear the system install cache .
if you have uninstalled any of the stock apps , including any of the bloatware , the ota update will not work as it also updates those apps . i know of quite a few people that have been bitten by this . if you do not want certain stock apps running , you are better off freezing them with titanium backup than removing them .
are you running the stock rom , only rooted ? if so , you have a few options . ruu to the latest ota and reroot . available here . ( requires unrevoked 3.22 ) install a pre-rooted rom . available here . if you are running a different rom , you should be able to do a build . prop edit to keep from seeing ota notifications ( and burning your battery , redownloading the ota constantly , etc . ) . this post describes what needs modified . finally , you can flash a rom based on the latest ota .
one way to do this : run an ssh client on your phone , such as connectbot forward a local port to the remote irc server , say localhost port 1234 to irc.server.ip:6666 . ( directions for connectbot , with screenshots ) connect your irc client to localhost:1234 , instead of irc.server.ip:6666 . if this does not work , check that you have permissions . when your connection 's not working , you will have to do some extra debugging to check that the ssh tunnel is still up . but otherwise , you should be able to use any irc client .
i had similar problems and used llama , then expanded my use of it to cover other events . it is similar to tasker , and sufficient to my needs , while still a free app . most automation can be triggered by entering/leaving cell tower range that is recognized as " home " . it has options to turn on airplane mode automatically when the phone leaves a cell reception range , and take it out of airplane mode when it re-enters . btw - i am just an enthusiastic user - not the developer .
your files that keep reappearing are due to the fact that they still have the apps installed that are associated with them . the first 2 folders are from picasso - which is an image download service , and does more than just that . its a very important part of the android os . without this and things do not work right , unless you find a replacement that will integrate with the system . volley and universal image loader are the other 2 contenders that come to mind . getting rid of those folders is not an option for you . the last one , /7zlogs , is associated with a compress/decompress app . it is a folder that hold the log files from the app . you should be able to go into the apps settings and turn off logging . once done with that you can delete the folder without the chance of it reappearing . be careful of what you delete , always do a backup before messing with anything
looking at this cyanogenmod source code ( which , according to the file history , does not actually have any cyanogenmod-specific changes ) , i see that the initial dot in proxy bypass list elements is just ignored , and an initial wildcard is implied  that is , you can write either example.com or .example.com in the list , and this entry will match example.com , a.example.com , a.b.example.com ,  ( note that any number of subdomain levels can be matched , unlike , e.g. , with *.example.com in an ssl certificate ) . if your phone does not actually work this way ( e . g . , you add example.com to the proxy bypass list , but www.example.com still goes through the proxy ) , either this code was modified by the phone vendor , or a particular app is using its own implementation of bypass list matching instead of the system-provided code .
if your bootloader is not unlocked already , you will need to unlock the bootloader in order to flash the clockworkmod recovery . unlocking the bootloader wipes the device . so as far as i know , that will not be an option for you . perhaps you have seen this toolkit to root the nexus . it looks promising , but i would bet it will not work without usb debugging / adb enabled . it may be worth a shot anyway . if it does not work , you will still be in the same boat . alternatively , you could just keep trying lock screen patterns . hopefully muscle memory will kick in . edit : to use the toolkit , you need to know your build number . see this thread for some info that might helph you figure out what your 's is . if you can not narrow it down enough , you might be able to use the Android *.*.* Any Build option for your carrier . since you mentioned jelly bean , we can assume the build will be 4.1.* this does not give you the exact one you need , but it will help some . based on the faqs for the toolkit , it looks like you should be able to use the Android *.*.* Any Build , but you must select the right version for your carrier . if you want more info on this , post your carrier and region ( us , korea , etc . ) and we can probably narrow things down a little more .
since the fbi cannot bypass the screen lock , i guess you will not . check out http://wired.com/threatlevel/2012/03/fbi-android-phone-lock
you can reset it very easily with just few steps . i have tested it myself . 1: enter wrong pattern 5 times and wait for 30 seconds . 2: select next and enter your g-mail account username and password or you can answer your security question as well . now just login in your g-mail account and when you authenticated to your g-mail account then the screen will unlock . make sure you use the same account that was used to activate the phone and double check the password by logging in to that google account in a browser .
normally after five unsuccessful attempts you will be prompted with forget password option . your google email and its password will be asked and upon successful verification you will be able to unlock . this will work even without internet connection . at least this certainly works in ginger bread loaded lg p500
i was facing the same problem for long time on my galaxy s3 , at last i figure it out by default android sms allow you to send same message to multiple people without converting it to mms . but when you select the option Group Messaging under the multimedia message (MMS) setting it now set group messaging only for mms try un-checking the option hope this will help ( am using default sms of android ) screenshot ( click to enlarge )
i found that too . group text was not checked to start with so i checked it then unchecked and now it is back to normal . thanks for your help
when i just saw my t-mobile bill for feb it became evident that since upgrading the os from version 4.1.2 to 4.3 when i send a group text message it creates individual mms messages , one for each recipient . these are picked up by t-mobile and charged for at 25p each even though they are text only and i have an unlimited texts allowance . in addition , if somebody sent me a text message as one recipient of a group text message i do not know it is a part of a group text message but if i reply to the sender then a text message from me is created for each of the recipients . each of these is an mms message and so i get charged 25p for each reply message even though i dont know it has happened . i rang samsung and said i am fed up with problems with os version 4.3 and asked for version 4.2.1 to be re-installed . they referred me to one of their samsung repair centres , the pocketphone shop in cheshunt , to re-install version 4.1.2 . however , when i rang them they said they are not able to this but if i bring my phone in they will investigate my problem . chris at the pocketphone shop did some investigation and then told me that if i go into text messages , settings and then scroll down to multimedia message ( mms ) settings there is a parameter group messaging . if this is ticked , when sending group text messages individual mms messages are created . however , if this is unticked , group text messaging still works but the messages created are sms messages and not chargeable mms messages . well done to chris and i hope this adds additional assistance to the previous helpful messages in this forum .
i found that even after changing the setting it did not use the new keyboard . i had to do a long press in a text field . that showed an option for which input method to use . once selecting the new keyboard it worked all the time .
yes you can . i have used swype as well as touchpal keyboard as alternatives . once you install any new keyboard , just go to settings > language and keyboard to set your keyboard/text settings .
fonts are always stored at /system/fonts . by changing the system font to chinese , and looking in that directory , you may be able to find the font . hope this helps .
i believe the font is called droid . a few variations ( sans , sans mono , serif , condensed ) are available from droidfonts . com , though it should be noted that droid sans may be the only to contain chinese characters . each of the droid fonts was custom designed by ascender and optimized for on-screen legibility with the android platform . . . . [ droid sans ] contains over 43,000 glyphs and includes support for simplified chinese ( gb2312 ) , traditional chinese ( big 5 ) , japanese ( jis 0208 ) and korean ( ksc 5601 ) . this font uses the simplified chinese ideographs for shared unicode code points .
did you try this app ? supports ethernet , usb or serial ( with serial-usb adapter ) . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=qsrtech.posprintdriver also , try this app from opera mobile store . if this app does not work with your printer , send printer profile to the app server . they might add support . http://apps.opera.com/en_in/usb_printer_driver_21_developer_edition.html
use the popular barcode scanner app , it gives you a " share via barcode " option in the " share " menu when viewing a contact .
you might have a look at silence . it primarily turns off audio alerts/ringtones on schedule but can also manipulate wifi and mobile data and is pretty granular . it also recently added the ability to use events on google calendar . i use it to turn off the ringer ( i like to sit in the quiet car ) and wifi ( there is none to connect to ) during my commute on the train , and also to set the phone to vibrate during a meeting .
using tasker you can accomplish this and more fairly easily once you know how to use it . to solve the whole phone ringing while you are in a meeting you have a few options with how to do it in tasker . you can choose to silence your phone while in meetings , set it to vibrate , block all phone calls ( probably not the best choice ) or send them all to voicemail . i will go through how to create a profile for the latter . first , create a new profile : next select state , then app , and then calendar entry for the calendar entry settings you need to make sure to select no for availability and then you can click the magnifying glass next to calendar to select which calendar it should be referencing . then click the check mark . now to create a task to do during that meeting . select new task and then click the plus ( + ) sign in the lower left corner . for the action select phone and then select end call and then the check mark once you have done that you can click the check mark to close and save the task . go to the profiles tab at the top , then click on your profile you created and long press on the context below it ( the calendar setting on the left ) . this should bring up a context menu . select add and then event . from events select phone and then phone ringing . now you have a profile to push phone calls to voicemail when you are in meetings .
please look at free busy silent mode . it does not direct the call to voicemail , but you have an option to set the phone to silent
it would be really helpful if you mention which operating system your pc is running . on windows 7 and above , you simply need to connect the phone to your pc using a usb-miniusb cable . you should then be able to access the files on the phone via windows explorer . you can then use windows explorer to copy files to and from your pc . on windows xp and below , you will need to either : a ) download and install samsung kies b ) download and install the samsung mobile device usb drivers once the drivers/software are installed , follow the same steps as for a windows 7+ pc .
regardless of the operating system , your daughter could simply use a remote management app like airdroid . the advantage is : this app is installed on the device , and on the " remote " ( here : pc ) no special software is required but a web browser . connection is either done via a shared wifi network ( both devices on the same network ) , or via the aridroid server ( if there is no shared network , and you have no problems routing your data via alien servers ) . airdroid uses a nice interface , which gives you desktop feeling inside of your browser : airdroid ( source : google play ; click image for larger variant ) not only can you simply drag-and-drop files to transfer , but you can also manage other aspects of your device : accessing its contacts , writing sms , viewing pictures , and a lot of other things . and when your daughter is visiting her girlfriend , and wants to share some files with her : no hazzle with drivers or thinking about what os might be in use . simply fire up airdroid , enter the displayed url in her girlfriend 's browser , put the password in the browser , and there she goes . " unwanted access " ? sure , if she let 's her device lying around unlocked , so someone could fire up airdroid and make the connection . but honestly , without airdroid in the same situation the same person simply needed a cable to connect , and could do the same . and as not letting the device lying around unlocked should be a common-sense pre-caution , all stays as safe as before : )
root and download ppp widget from google play
there are two ways to create custom ringtones . 1 ) through an android app from the play store 2 ) real player mp3 cutter which cuts the mp3 from the desired starting time ( from where to start ) and the end time as well ( till where it should play ) now for this- " considering that i do not want to cut the track to the point that i want my ringtone to start from ? " is completely irrelevant because without specifying/cutting the start time how will the audio file start to play as all the audio/video files start from 00:00 . the audio file cannot randomly start anywhere you like . it has to have a point where you need the song to start ( 00:00 till the end but not from 2:50 till end ) . ex :-suppose you have beethoven audio file in which you want the phone to ring from 4:00 till 4:35 i.e. 35 seconds then with the help of a mp3 cutter you will set the starting point from 4:00 and ending point to 4:35 . after you have set the slider then you need to cut that particular portion and it will be set as 00:00 to 00:35 . this song will not replace the original beethoven song but will add an extra song of just 35 secs as a ringtone .
well , i do not think that can be done ! why do not you use several mp3 cutter to cut the song over to the appropriate place you like , there are just load of song cutter apps available over the playstore as well as software are also available for the pc 's . i have tired searching over the playstore and got several apps names mp3 cutter which can help you out with cutting the ringtone to the specific point and then then you can set that as your ringtone .
try stopping sync with contacts . in android settings , stop facebook sync with contacts . messenger was crashing until i disabled sync . i think there is a bug .
sounds like you are in a boot loop . if you are sure that you installed a rom that is supported on your device , go back in to the recovery and make sure you wipe the data and cache . if you reboot after doing so , and you still get the boot loop , then i would do as matthew read suggests and flash the stock rom back .
you have got to do 2 things : first , download the s-on tool from unrevoked 's site and run it according to the instructions . the main thing to keep on top of is the radio compatibility , particularly if you have flashed any of the evo 's radios to your incredible . once you are back to s-on , flash the latest ruu . right now , it is 4.08.605.2 . this will replace the rom and recovery with stock versions . be careful doing this , last i heard there is no way to permanently root the incredible and regain s-on after you have flashed a stock gingerbread rom . if you would like to re-root in the future , at least keep s-off .
in my experience , if you reply on a pc to the person who is sending you the messages , the notifications will be silent on your phone . other than that , it does not seem to be currently possible .
is there away to make my phone stop beeping when i get a facebook message if i am already on facebook on a different computer ? emphasis mine . no , there is currently no way for the facebook app to only send you messages when the phone is the only device connected . the only option you have is shutting of certain kinds of notifications completely .
since you were both uploading and downloading simultaneously and upload speeds are usually much slower ( i figured yours must have been around . 33 mb/s ) , then that does not seem totally unreasonable depending on other variables .
if all you want to do is access your device from a computer , my favourite app is airdroid . allows you to browse files file a lot more . does not require root . i have found that i can get 1.5 / 2mb/s on a busy network
i suggest you to try servers ultimate .
i use sshdroid , which does not require root ( although if you have root , it will take advantage of it ) . this has the dual advantage that it can not only be used for file transfers ( using sftp ) , but since it is an ssh server , it also allows you to open a remote shell on your phone . i usually get ~1mbps via wifi .
there are tons of alternatives . find a list of ftpservers in this german thread ( google translate version ) , others like webdav and samba can be found here ( again : google translate version ) . i would say you could give ftpserver a try , sounds promising . no root mentiones , highly rated . alternatively , you might want to try domobile ftp share ( very small : less than 30 kb ! ) or their new app eshare . meanwhile i even managed to locate swiftp again ( somebody continues the project , finally ! ) , which should be fast and lightweight .
i created wifi ftp server for this purpose .
have a look for towelroot tr . it might work on your device . it is just an apk you can install and start . it uses a kernel vulnerability . chances that it works are high if your firmware is older than june . to your issue : did you enable ( usb- ) debugging mode ? its in developper options . if you do not see them in your settings , go to aboutdevice and hit build number 5 times quickly . it enables a ( secret ) menu in your settings where you can enable adb . on some samsung devices you can change usb mode by typing *#0808# into your phone apk . without hitting the call button , a service menu opens up immediately . perhaps this works for your device too . did you try to do adb shell or adb devices from your commandline ? new devices now usually ask for an ok on the device screen before you can connect . disconnect and connect again , watch out for this popup . did you check the developper menu in settings ? there you can also flush the known pc 's and their settings . allowing the popup to sow up again after connecting .
i am not sure if this will work , but you could give it a try : if you have your device rooted , do a mount -o remount , rw /system , a backup of your /system/etc/bluetooth directory and start hacking around in there . there are devices listed in there to which your phone will connect automatic without user interaction . good luck !
as a workaround for not seeing the password , you could type your login name and password into an app that uses plain text , like a notebook or even an email . then copy each , one at a time , and paste them into the name and password field for the login . it seems like i have seen an option to show passwords somewhere , but i enabled that , and i still do not see passwords , so i have no idea what that does . if you still can not log in , then perhaps the server is not set to what you think it is for some reason . that is a long shot , considering the facts as you posted , but it is a possibility , i guess . one more thing . . . you do not use two-step verification , do you ? i had a lot of little problems with using that along the way , including not being able to log in to a few apps that did not handle it correctly . and gmail requires a different password if you use it , for some reason .
i had a similar problem , until i found out that the touchscreen was messed up , and was typing a certain letter twice , so try typing your password in the username field and see if it is typing it right , just to make sure .
it appears google play and gmail wanted an application-specific password . i can only say " appears " because i never got a message that remotely stated it , and when i created on the problem went away . great job google . i can not image how many hundreds or thousands of hours have been wasted because google can not be bothered to get the error message correct .
go to security in settings and check make passwords visible so that you can see what you are typing actually .
google play is only for android apps . android apps do not work on the chromebook , which is why you only see the tablet listed in the play store . the chromebook is basically the chrome web browser wrapped in a keyboard and screen and that is it . you can check the chrome web store for an app for her bank , but even if there is one , it is likely just going to be a shortcut that loads the bank 's website . if there is not an app for it in the chrome web store , just bookmark it for her . and to answer the overall question , you can have as many android devices tied to the google account as you want and it is not a problem having a paid app on more than one device , as long as it is signed in to that google account .
for continuity across all android device sizes , from phones to tablets , the android team completely removed the old tablet layout from 4.4 going forward . it is no longer there so it is not something that can just be switched on . it would have to be built back into the rom , so you may ask your rom developer or look to see if a rom has already done this .
i cannot comment on how reputable they are - i have not had any issues but your milage may vary - but i was able to install chrome on my kindle fire hd via the http://1mobile.com marketplace . you have to register and install their client on your kindle , but then it works like the built-in appstore . i would use it for free apps ( and check the permissions any app asks for ) . on the whole i have not found much improvement using chrome vs silk ( partly because some of the chrome functionality requires google services - eg for login - and that is not present ) but if you need it then it seems to be a good way to go , and it keep it up to date as new releases are made available
check out this link that is what you want : htc
i expect that this is going to depend on the ad network . what you have seen apparently works on admob , but as to whether other ad networks will require a connection or will display cached ads , i could not say . by the way , astro file manager pro ( no ads ) is only $3.99 .
most ads require internet access . if you remove the internet access , then it should not load the ads ( unless they are somehow cached ? ) . if he really , really , really wants to get rid of ads all together , you can install the adfree app on rooted phones . it will remove ads from the browser , from apps , etc . anything that is in its blacklist will refuse to load . however , developers do try to make a living and often provide their apps for free at the cost of a little advertising . you may also want to try and explain this to him and if he really likes the app he can support the developer further by purchasing the full ( ad free ) version . no money , no developers .
there is a difference between " how much the android os requires " and " how much the manufacturer reserved " . remember , the os has its own partition ( /system ) , which is mounted read-only during normal operation ( just made writable for os updates ) , while the user 's data goes to /data . moreover , most manufacturers add their own " presents " ( also known as bloatware ) to the /system partition . so while the actual android system usually fits into less than 1 gb ( considered there are devices shipping with less internal storage ) , your device 's manufacturer might have decided to reserve more space for future updates and his own add-ons .
re-flashing the gapps package fitting for your android version should fix it . you can find them at goo . im . make sure the archive you pick is for your android version ; according to the tag you have used , it should be gapps-jb-* .
this ended up being an extremely simple fix but took me a long time to do . open the hangouts app and go to settings select your google account scroll down and click ' sign out ' back in the main listing , click the sms dropdown click on your google account and that is it ! all my contact images showed up correctly and change when i change their photo via the contacts app .
do you still have a link to the ebay listing , is it active ? a lot of the phones on ebay are fake/imitation phones . some even have user interfaces made to look like android , but are actually running a basic feature phone os . tools like htc sync and adb that only work with the real hardware often fail when tried on these devices .
you do not need to remove default google account or factory reset to ditch double notifications . use any one of following methods which suits you best : from Settings ~> Accounts &amp; Sync , choose the default google account and turn off gmail sync . after that , you will receive notifications from k-9 mail , only . in some android versions , if you turn off all sync options listed under a google account , a sign out button is appeared . all you need is to tap it . go ahead to try it . if you are rooted , delete /data/system/accounts.db file and restart the system ( on jelly bean , its /data/system/users/0/accounts.db and the location can vary with android versions ) . next time , you will be asked to add google account again .
the easiest way probably is to turn the mechanism around : instead of letting windows do the sync , let the android device take care . from there , you should have full access at least to your sdcard ( internal as well as external ) . so all that is needed is a possibility for the android device to access your windows pc . on your windows pc , create a " share " ( i.e. . share a directory to the network ) on your android device , install an app like e.g. foldersync in foldersync , configure your " folder pairs": which directory on your android device should get synchronized with which directory on the windows share . you can sync manually , or in time intervals . you even can restrict it to wifi , so it would not eat your data plan ( i am not sure wether you can restrict it to a specific wifi network , so it would e.g. only sync at home -- but that is possible to do as well at least with some similar sync app ) .
the bad news is there is no obvious/direct way to get a drive letter assigned to an mtp device . the mtp protocol operates at the file level rather than the filesystem/fat cluster level , which is supposed to protect in some ways users from accidentally doing things that could be really destructive to their phone 's filesystem ( eg : reformat in a different format , corrupt the filesystem , making your phone appear to not work right when the sd card unmounts to remount on the pc , etc ) . . . so you are not going to have the level of detailed info about the filesystem necessary for a program like treesize to accurately display the usage of the drive . there are a number of different threads i found online about ways to make windows trick a mtp device into being treated as a mass storage device , but most of them appear to be false leads , or something that might ( or might not ) work on xp but is unlikely to work on a newer os like windows 7 . nothing i could replicate on my own machine . most of those hack solutions seem to rely on such things as tricking windows into using the mass storage device driver instead of the mtp driver . there do appear to be programs that attempt to sync over mtp mode as best they can ( ie : the apps can compare the files by size , but it can compare by date/location/filename . here 's one for mac : http://www.sync-mac.com/mtp-sync.html and one for pc : http://mobiletechpundit.blogspot.com/2012/02/syncing-mtp-devices-like-android-based.html ( puresync ) . another option is to look into apps that run on your phone that manages the syncing as izzy suggested . additionally , if your phone is an htc phone , it may come pre-installed with an application called htc sync which can sync files between the phone and pc . another less automated way to get copies of " everything on your phone " onto your pc would be to just use adb to backup your entire device filesystem regularly . not quite as nice as a direct sync app since restore using adb is all or nothing , however , if you have the right apps installed on your pc you can manually extract a specific file of interest from a specific backup archive ( presuming you remember your backup password ) .
this does not specifically exist , however there is the android backup system , which allows you to reinstall all the apps from the google server 's on the inital setup of the device . this will queue all the apps for install from google play . it comes on all android 2.2+ devices , however it is very temperamental . other than that , you could use a dedicated backup app such as titanium backup pro to regularly backup your apps , allowing you to restore them in one click should you need to . google play does not offer what you stated . ios offer 's this because they do not have permissions to show you ; )
according to this site , your micromax a89 ninja phone has a removable back plate with a replaceable battery . it should be possible to replace the original 1400 mah battery with a higher capacity one . however such battery will definitely be thicker in size , so you would most likely need to buy a different back plate to accommodate for the added thickness ( see an example for galaxy s4 here . ) i have not found any online merchant that sells extended batteries for micromax a89 , but you may have better luck with local cell phone dealerships in your part of the world .
this is for the nfc functionality . those contacts are used to transmit the info to and from the receiver/transmitter on the back cover ( seen below outlined in green , though you probably guessed it : ) ) . they have to put it on the back cover because nfc only works for usually no more than a few centimetres , and they need a way to feed the information back to the phone system itself . it is discussed more in this post on another android forum .
a nice permanent way is shown in this xda post : it has the following advantages : permanent dns provided by dhcp are used , but with lower priority you do not need adb and vi . you can do it with root explorer .
you can change the dns settings in android , but you need to root your phone first : http://blog.varunkumar.me/2010/09/how-to-change-dns-server-on-android.html i do not believe there is a way to password protect the dns settings , but at least it would not be obvious for them to figure out how to change the settings . edit : of course , one thing you can do to at least protect your kids while they are in your home is to change the dns settings on your router . of course whenever they use your carrier 's data network , this will not help .
when on wifi you can manually set ip information , settings > wireless and networks > wi-fi settings > menu button > advanced . mind you it would be very easy for anyone to modify those settings . as far as when connected via cellular , i do not know of anyway to modify those dns settings as they come from the carrier and the carrier 's towers . i am pretty sure they do not want their users changing dns settings which could help them bypass certain restrictions they normally have in place . if it was feasible you would need to do some rooting and hacking of files . supposedly there are dns files that exist and can be modified , but i would not recommend going this route . /system/etc/dhcpcd/dhcpcd-hooks/20-dns . conf
no . bad cellphone coverage decreases battery life because the phone has to transmit with more power to be able to communicate back to the cell tower . it is like when you can barely hear someone hollering at you : you shout louder too to make sure they can hear you . but gps is a one-way signal : the phone only receives it , it does not transmit anything . it does not matter how much attenuation there is : either the phone can hear or it can not . the only way a weak gps signal would cause more power use is if you leave the screen turned on waiting for an app to get a position fix :- )
i will neither say yes or a no to this question . : ) debateable - if you are acquiring a gps fix through wifi , you will not get it in the woods or mountains : ) however , if pulling 3g data across in order to acquire a fix , the question then steps in , how much battery juice is eaten up when trying to get a good " proper " signal ( in between switching masts to get a better signal threshold ) etc . ( this ties in with @dan 's answer here ) do not forget some apps will attempt to get a location as well facebook is one example of such app . depends on what apps installed that have location permission , and as well as for services running in the background , all of these , will inevitably , slurp juice trying to run to obtain a gps fix . so user bias can come in there as well . one handset with just maps will claim its fast , another handset with facebook , maps , g+ , foursquared will claim its slow .
gps generally affects battery life significantly only when used ( in standby , its energy consumption is neglible , usually far below 1 mw ) . but when it tries to aquire a fix ( i.e. . you want to know your current position ) , it might reach consumption values comparable to your device 's screen ( ~500 mw ) . so in your described situation , it might influence battery life . but the " if " and the " how much " depends on how often apps try to aquire a fix . while this usually is done in foreground ( i.e. . you actively trigger it ) , there might well be apps using it in background , such as e.g. location reminders .
gps eat up battery , as described in how much does gpsing drain the battery ? . but i have no clue is poor gps reception decreases battery significantly . and i also read this somewhere : GPS only takes up battery life when something uses the fine position permission . however , it drains more battery if you allow the gps to be assisted by your network provider . in the samsung galaxy s4 , this is found in System settings &gt; More &gt; Location Services &gt; Use wireless networks . it will use network information to make gps location even more accurate based on network cell sites that are found nearby . and if network is poor ( e . g . 1-bar signal ) , the phone works harder and drains more power .
this process needs refining as it may call for disabling more items than needed : force stop , disable , and clear cache on the following : chrome google account manager , google play services , google play store , google services framework change location mode : System Settings &gt;Location &gt; Mode &gt; Set to High Accuracy re-enable the items disabled in step 1 avoid consenting to google 's location service requests : )
the issue is actually caused by the feature that i wanted to make use of : sleep mode . for some reason , if the option to disable pebble notifications while in sleep mode , all pebble notifications are disabled , regardless of sleep state . ( the release notes indicate that this was already fixed , but that apparently is not the case . ) since i can disable notifications at the watch ( thanks , @gathrawn ) , i have no need for preventing light flow from sending notifications to my pebble while i sleep . simply disable the sleep mode check for send to pebble in light flow , and notifications will start flowing .
most secure way : backup all apps with their data with titaniumbackup . backup all data from sdcard . delete some apps to free space on device 's memory . check if all transfer-checkboxes in s2e are available now . if not - free up some more space . transfer all apps , data etc back to device 's memory in s2e . format sdcard again with setting sd-ext partition size bigger or equal than current . restore all data to sdcard . reconfigure s2e without ticking " mount as ext4" option ! restore all apps in titaniumbackup . please , be very careful . i am not responding for any damage or data loss . please , correct me if something missed or excess here .
i think the only reliable source for roms is xda-developers . ask your question there . they have a special forum for the att s3 . http://forum.xda-developers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=1705 btw : that does not mean that you cannot trust this source !
not really an android question ( rather linux/shell/bash ) , but i give the credit of the missing executable . so : for i in * ; do j=`echo $i | tr '[a-m][n-z][A-M][N-Z]' '[n-z][a-m][N-Z][A-M]'`; mv "$i" "$j"; done 
open facebook on your browser instead of running the facebook . app . tap on any photo to open the context menu with download option .
you can download chat shared photos on android . i saw a quick tip here .
touch the image and it will be viewed bigger . then hold the menu button . a menu will come up . go for Settings - Save Image to save the image and it will be saved to your photo album .
that is normal . some apps will not work if they are moved to the sd card , because of some dependencies with the internal storage . so , expect some of those apps to have disabled Move to SD card buttons .
the galaxy s duos have the same problem . to solve this , root your phone , and try moving the apps . if you have no success , then try a custom rom ( i would recommend cyanogenmod ) .
from what i can see from this site ( in spanish ) : this is a specific advertising service that only the Movistar network seems to push to phones . the only solution i found is to disable the " sim toolkit " application , Settings &gt; Applications &gt; SIM Toolkit but this may require root access to your device . removing sim toolkit according to android forum users can be removed without any issues . i would Disable it rather than take the nuclear deletion option personally . from the link : has not been on my phone in a year . . . no problems without it - that i am aware of . and i know for a fact that 4g works without it . . . has not been on my phone for the last year - and every rom i could flash made no difference . i am really temped to believe that simtoolkit is for metro 's various services/bloatware ( where they monitor data usage - for whatever reason ) from wikipedia : sim application toolkit ( commonly referred to as stk ) is a standard of the gsm system which enables the subscriber identity module ( sim ) to initiate actions which can be used for various value-added services . these so called ' value added services ' are what you want to remove . alternatively you could contact movistar and see if they can stop it , tell them it is crashing your device or causing you issues and ask what can be done . depending on your contract you could move to another network also .
check out an app called go sms pro . update : sorry if it were not clear . the op included a request for an app to block the alerts . i inferred the alert was coming in through the messaging system . you can block messages by their source with this app . press/hold for a menu . click on block this source . this app , is available via the play store . you get there on the android by clicking " play google " . type in " go sms " . that is the exact name of the app . if your carrier is using something different from the messages system , this will not work . it did clear out a lot of messages i was getting on my android .
from forums : tsuda quote : originally posted by stevhorn i can confirm this works with the mk802ii , but i do not know about the mk802iii . http://www.aliexpress.com/item/apple...661773412.html yes , it works on the mk802ii . the iii has the same ethernet config screen in settings so it should be the same . i will try it this weekend and let you know .
to the left of the web address window you are visiting is a nearly circular arrow .
whatsapp is installed on the /system partition on your device . which means , your device manufacturer decided to include the app in the device firmware . a factory reset can only remove the apps which you installed yourself which are present on the /data partition . to remove system apps you need to need to root your device and delete the app from the /system/app/ directory .
its been tested by a group here : http://arstechnica.com/gadgets/news/2011/01/researchers-enable-mesh-wifi-networking-for-android-smartphones.ars so it is possible .
the previously mentioned serval project now has an android app available - https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.servalproject
the project mentioned by bobflemming is the serval project , and they are also on twitter . the android application will be available soon apparently . thought i would mention because not entirely straightforward to find it through the youtube link and that the twitter account is not advertised on the site . also i cannot +1 or comment yet so adding it as a reply .
here is a project on sourceforge , please refer whether it help your need or not . . just link here , http://android-ptt.sourceforge.net/
here is what i use that do not need an internet connection : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.androidintercom https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.remaller.android.wifitalkie_lite
there are many push to talk apps on the marketplace , but they all required an internet connection . as far as i know , android does not support ad-hoc wifi connections .
yes this can be done on the google launcher itself . but you will have to root your phone . you will not only be able to hide the text but be able to tweak even more stuff . but let 's just stick to hiding the text for now . download xposed gel settings it is an xposed module and requires the xposed framework . if you do not know what that is , here 's a video to get you started off with the android xposed framework . if you still have questions , do ask .
try this http://market.android.com/details?id=com.abcorganizer.litefeature=search_result once installed , long press on homescreen to add a shortcut , add a " folderorganiser " app shorcut and it asks you whether you want to " add text below " icon .
on the lg nexus4 power consumption is very high when using 3g+ internet connections . and as you wrote gps is a passive method . cpu does not seem to matter much here ( my own findings after a few months of usage ) .
if you look at my previous answer to a similar question you can see that by google 's testing utilising wifi will use more battery than using gps . this seems broadly in line with the figures given in an answer mentioned in the comments . however as izzy mentions these are ballpark figures and actual consumption is dependant upon what exactly the phone is doing .
you might want to look into the s-tablet app .
unified remote could satisfy your desire in another way . it can make your note run as a touch pad and as soon as you have a stylus pen you can open photoshop on your pc and start painting in it with your stylus . unified remote has a free and a full version .
use galaxy note as digitizer or graphics tablet for pc ( small project of mine ) - maybe this could be relevant , but not exactly what you are looking for . but i found this post based on my search query , so maybe it could be interesting to someone else .
i think it will do the same as the back button do . except one little change . it will finish() all activity / fragments in the app . just did a little testing with a little selfbuild app . you can test , too . heres my testing app : https://bitbucket.org/leandros99/lifecycletest ( download available , too . for those who cant build . ) in every activity lifecycle method (http://developer.android.com/reference/android/app/activity.html#activitylifecycle) print the app a log . you can view it with adb logcat ( install android sdk , cd to platform-tools in cmd / shell and type adb logcat . now you will see , everytime you do something like hit back or home button , the app prints the lifecycle method , mentioned above . ) your question : if i swipe a app from the recent apps drawer , the onDestroy method will be called . it does nearly the same as the back button . hope i helped a bit . if there are questions , just ask .
swiping apps out of the recent apps list is vanilla , and yes , not well documented . this has been the topic of a decent amount of discussion on various android forums . . . the consensus seems to be best described here in some comments : that the behavior is similar to but not exactly the same as closing an app -- in general ( for apps that do not define explicit back button handling ) it is the same thing as hitting back enough times from within an application that you exit out of it . the link has some more details on the specifics , but overall you can think of it as quitting the application . specific to the music app , i believe it starts a service , so while the task itself ( the music app/ui ) may be closed , the service continues to run in the background so that your music does not suddenly stop just because the task got cleared out for memory management reasons . that may have affected what you saw .
it closes the app , and its data is stored in the ram . thus , giving you more ram space so you can run other apps .
there is some info in the source code in the classes com . android . internal . policy . impl . recentapplicationsbackground and com . android . internal . policy . impl . recentapplicationsdialog . if i read these correctly , there are specific handlers for selecting the apps but nothing special for swiping them except for onDetachedFromWindow() , which calls com.android.View.onDetachedFromWindow() which basically hides the element and clears it is data . this would hint to the fact that nothing special happens on swiping the app , which corresponds with austin mills ' answer , because since the list does not show the active app , the onPause() and other system calls that are done when " quitting " an application have already happened .
i appear to have found the magical search terms that led to some explanations from google employees . specifically , i found a couple of different places where dianne hackborn explains what happens when you swipe something out of the recent list . the first is a comment on one of her google+ posts : [ w ] hat specifically happens when you swipe away a recent task is it : ( 1 ) kills any background or empty processes of the application ( see http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/fundamentals/processes-and-threads.html#lifecycle for what this means ) , and ( 2 ) uses the new http://developer.android.com/reference/android/app/service.html#ontaskremoved(android.content.intent) api to tell any services of the application about the task being removed so it can do whatever it thinks is appropriate . she also notes in a blog comment : actually , removing an entry in recent tasks will kill any background processes that exist for the process . it will not directly causes services to stop , however there is an api for them to find out the task was removed to decide if they want this to mean they should stop . this is so that removing say the recent task of an e-mail app will not cause it to stop checking for e-mail . if you really want to completely stop an app , you can long press on recent tasks to go to app info , and hit force stop there . for stop is a complete kill of the app -- all processes are killed , all services stopped , all notifications removed , all alarms removed , etc . the app is not allowed to launch again until explicitly requested . so , it looks like the summary is that swiping an app out of the list will first kill all background processes for the app , then use onTaskRemoved to notify the app that the background task was removed . at that point it looks like it is up to the app to decide what happens , so i guess there technically is not a hard-and-fast rule about what happens to the app beyond that point .
i have tried the separate contacts option on my zte valet android 4.1 phone . if i perform it for one contact , it applies to all merged contacts . i like this , but it does not seem intuitive . to separate merged contacts in android : open contacts . select a contact that is merged . do not edit the contact , instead at this point click the menu option ( lower right ) . then click separate contact . as i said , for me this separated all merged contacts , not just the selected contact .
i found a solution that kind of works , but imo it is still unsatisfying . after some googling , i found that this is a known bug in android . apparently it is fixed ( the issue is closed ) , but i do not think so , because not only do i have these problems now , there are also comments with complaints which were posted after the date when the issue was closed . one of the comments had a solution that works for me , but it is not ideal : when i edit the contact ( which has my father 's name , as mentioned in the question ) it shows both contacts to edit . . . still on the same screen , but clearly separated as different contacts . on this screen , i can separate or merge them in the options menu . when i choose to separate them , they become two different contacts again . . . but only on this device . i have to repeat that on the other device in order to separate them there as well .
it could most likely be a bug . i suggest you upgrade your android via kies or manually . galaxy nexus is known to have a similar software issue with volume : http://techie-buzz.com/mobile-news/galaxy-nexus-to-get-a-software-update-to-fix-the-volume-bug.html perhaps it could be the same with your s2 , especially since it is on older android version .
why do not you just go to settings then wireless and networks then mobile networks and change it from both 4g lte/cdma to just cdma when you get off work ? problem solved , check it out .
i was hoping the " wimax " or " mobile data 2g/3g " net actions would be what you need , but after looking around it does not look like tasker supports 4g on/off switching . per tasker forum user pent regarding this issue ( on a different phone ) : if this is not currently a feature is there any way to implement it ? it is not and there is no ' official ' way to implement it . i was hoping there would be something in ics , but do not think there is after a quick scan . one day i will have to do some research , but i prefer working on features that will still work going forwards and benefit everyone . pent sorry for the bad news .
all of these things are going to be counting data from some point in time . for your carrier , that will be the start of your billing cycle . for android 's internal data counter , it depends on the Data Usage Cycle setting under Data Usage in the Settings app . for your widget , it again depends on the settings . getting the reset times in sync is critical for making the numbers match up ( and even then , as @izzy pointed out , the carrier may account for data differently ) . you could test this theory by turning off all data , setting android 's internal counter and the widget to reset at the same time , waiting until that time passes , then re-enabling data . the numbers should be better synced then . if they are not , then there is a chance the widget is not able to track all data sent for some ( likely security ) reason .
your data counter widget most likely summed-up the exact amount of data transferred . i.e. for a transfer of 33 kb , and another of 17 kb , it would count 33+17 = 50 kb your carrier more likely sums up blocks of 10 kb . so given the same example , he calculates 40+20 = 60 kb not for real , but it looks like android 's internal takes both and makes an average , so for our example it would come up with 55 kb . makes absolutely no sense ( and i doubt it is true ) , but rawly matches the numbers given in your question . . .
the menu for each file ( the one you get by clicking the down-triangle-in-ring icon , or by long-tapping a file ) should also have a move item between rename and export . clicking it brings up a selector you can use to select where to move it to . i can not imagine why you might not have that item .
on ice cream sandwich the folder is at /sdcard/android/data/com . dropbox . android/files/scratch
i have an idea . go to your box on your droid . hit the menu tab . then you will see " upload here " which is the way to upload a file from the sd card to the dropbox ! which works great for me not having internet to send from my laptop to droid as well as attaching files to inbox messages .
it should be noted that the dropbox app does not actually sync the files to your phone , it just presents you with a list . whenever you select a file in the dropbox app , then it downloads it to your phone . on my incredible , the dropbox folder is just in the root of the sd card .
root explorer has an excellent search function .
astro file manager also has a good search function , and has a lot of handy functions connected to file management .
such as these ? audioscopelt - beautiful lines spectral audio analyzer audio visualizer
once you have restored the data , go to contacts and press the left menu button , and go to import/export and import from memory card . i nearly had a heart attack when none of my contacts were restored but that sorted it out : )
well , this sony ericsson sync tool seems to work , specially if you want to move contacts from another sony ericsson device from your new one ( they claim you can also synchronize your data from other devices , as long es they support syncml ) . but i personally use gmail 's contact management , which is easy to use , practical and safe . obviously is a good idea to auto-synchronize it , as you did , even if you were not aware ; ) . after reading your post i have been playing with the Backup &amp; Restore tool , and i realized they warn something like : contacts synchronized using other services are not included . * *i do not know if this is the actual english message , cause my phone is in spanish , but should be somehing like that , should not it ? regards .
beyond what you have already done , you can not . the market requires you to have your google account added to your phone , and this naturally stores data such as your email address even if you do not sync email .
using adb ( comment if you need help getting that setup ) : connect your device to your computer on the command line in the directory containing adb . exe use this command : adb connect localhost:5555 ( assuming you are on windows , let me know if otherwise ) then do : adb bugreport &gt; report.txt that should give you a whole bunch of info in a txt file in the same directory you executed the command . in the file you can search with a text editor ( notepad for example ) for all the info your heart could desire .
rebooting into Safe Mode fixed the issue for me somehow . to go boot into Safe Mode: 1 ) long press on the power button for 1 second . 2 ) in the power off menu that appears , press and hold the power off option . 3 ) a reboot into safe mode dialog will appear , click ok to boot into safe mode . after you have booted once into safe mode , check if your auto rotation is working . if it is working then good , reboot normally . if not , then it is most likely a hardware issue and get your nexus 7 replaced/repaired by asus .
i use an android app called adaptive rotation . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=ui.robot.rotate it adds the ability to rotate the screen in any orientation and it stays that way . so when apps want to rotate your screen and you want it in landscape , it stays in landscape , or whatever your preferred orientation is . as its software it should fix your issue .
ultrachron stopwatch lite . it does not time stamp each lap but does the start time .
mx player does hw video / sw audio .
the maildroid app gives a lot of storage options to allow offline caching .
yes . and not just for the inbox , but inbox and sent may be the only folders synchronized by default . note : this answer was written about a now obsolete version of the gmail app , which continues to change in its user interface over time . the answer will not be updated to track that evolution , as there are multiple versions in use at any time which behave differently , and it is ultimately the idea rather than the specific steps which are important .
as far as i know , gmail will " cache " your most recent emails . if you have to " search " or browse through any labels , you probably will not be able to get to those emails . but your inbox ( or at least the most recent in the inbox ) should be available to view since your last sync . additionally , you should also be able to draft emails while offline ( and save the drafts ) , you just will not be able to send them until online again .
is it possible to download the new emails from the gmail account while online , and then read them while offline ? yes , but only for your inbox i think . if you open your inbox on your phone while you have a connection and let all of the messages you have unread propagate to your phone , then close the gmail app and put yourself in airplane mode you can reopen the gmail app and read through your unread messages . is it possible to write emails while offline that will be sent when online ? yes . if you compose and send an e-mail normally the messages that say " sending . . . " will go out as soon as you have a connection again . i just tested this by using airplane mode .
notice the cable . once i tried a normal usb cable for a samsung nexus s phone , and the connection failed . the cable that was given together with the phone worked . the official cable 's shape is a little bit different from a normal cable . it has a small cylindrical protrusion on the wire . i know this sounds strange , but it might matter .
you need to download the correct version of kies from samsung website and after successful installation check for kies update . also try toggling under settings-> development-> usb debugging , w/wo connecting usb cable .
never heard it was , and i am pretty sure if it were i had heard . ( originally " ximian evolution " , by the way ; ) neither have i heard of something comparable . mail , calendar , todo etc . are available as separate apps , sometimes also in combinations , but then mostly only combinations of calendar + todo , not with mail . closest coming is probably pocket informant ( usd 10 ) , joining calendar , tasks , and contacts : pocket informant 3 ( source : google play ; click image for larger variant ) i personally favour a combination of business calendar ( bought the pro ) , business tasks ( integrates neatly into their calendar app ) , and k-9 mail instead on my android devices ( and yes , on my computer i use evolution ) .
yes , the reason you can not downgrade official roms is not a technical one ; it is just a decision samsung have taken . there is no reason at all why you can not go backwards and forwards between versions of cyanogenmod as long as you have the appropriate recovery . and cm10.1.3 and cm10.2 are currently much more stable than cm11 on the i9300 . consult the cyanogenmod site ( http://www.cyanogenmod.org/ ) or xda-developers ( http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2382573 ) for full details before actually flashing a new recovery . ( personally i am staying with cm10.1.3 ( http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2035141 ) as i found the camera unstable on cm10.2 )
if it came pre-installed with your phone then its a system app . you cannot uninstall it ( unless you have your phone rooted , which i think you do not have ) . best option for you is to disable the app . in this case , the app will not run and will not consume any cpu or battery ( if that is your problem ) . if you are concerned about storage space running out then this will not solve the storage problem .
enable the app you disabled by following the following steps : go into the main system settings . open your main settings menu tap on apps swipe to all find the app you disabled and click on it in the top right you will see a enable button . press that button to enable it .
solved it by clicking reset app preference from the action bar in settings
log in to the web interface of the play store and click the settings button in the top right corner and select My Orders and Settings ( or use this direct link ) . next , select the Settings tab and you will see your devices . from here , just click on Edit and type the name you wish to give the device and click Update .
check to see if you have battery defender or some such app installed . you may have set data network to time out every 5 mins there ( default is 15 mins ) .
not sure if it will deactivate it but if you have set a data limit and then gone over it then the phone may be disabling the data connection to prevent you being charged extra .
according to your usage scenario your best bet would maybe be to get one or more of those external li-ion battery packs : the higher their mah value , the longer it will last . currently there are offerings for 12.000 mah packs , that is about double the size of your current internal battery size . maybe buy one smaller unit first and see how it performs . here 's a search link for amazon : http://www.amazon.com/s/field-keywords=usb%20battery%20pack
you can restore the calendar from your backup files . two of them should be of interest to you . com.android.calendar-[big number].apk com.android.providers.calendar-[big number].apk  the first one is the actual calendar , while the second is a helper app for it that stores it is data . to reinstall either use titanium backup , a file manager ( there're plenty in the play store ) or adb . with the latter type : adb remount adb push /path/on/pc /system/app/Calendar.apk adb push /path/on/pc /system/app/CalendarProvider.apk  into the terminal . now reboot .
try using delayed lock - works with ics but you need to be rooted only if you want pattern lock . pin and password lock do not require a device to be rooted to use this app . there is a trial version which i highly recommend you try and use before making a decision . there are also available free plugins to automatically keep the device unlocked while connected to a specific wifi network / bluetooth device or at certain locations .
it could be possible that the contacts have been entered incorrectly , or it could be a bug with your version of the car mode app . please ensure that none of your contacts are duplicated , and also please ensure that the numbers are correct ( you may need to add/remove the country code ) . another reason could be due to the country code being displayed when the sms/call is incoming , but not being in the contact .
it is possible . but , most notably they would tell you if there was a voice version , and a non-voice version . just like some tablets have 3g connection , and some only have wi-fi . they had tell you . however , you also have to be careful sometimes . some sites that sell these really cheap , are like chinese wholesale sites , and they make counterfeit versions of these , but sell them off as the real deal .
no you can not . the cyanogenmod installer app is only available for supported devices , which can be found at the cyanogenmod wiki . for this device , you had need to first unlock its bootloader , which i presume you have already done , since you say that you have already rooted , and have installed a custom rom . update to the latest version of twrp recovery which can be found here ( which supports installing kitkat ) , or you could also go for alternatives like philz touch recovery ( found here ) , which i am currently using . note that you need to use the latest version of recovery , as there are certain changes in how kitkat is installed , causing the installation to fail in older recoveries . you had need to manually flash the cyanogenmod 11 update , whose two variants can be found : official cm11 thread ( by galaxyfreak ) : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2535682 weekly cm11 builds ( by me , aka thewisenerd ) : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2611381 as for the " problems " part of it , can not really say . only instagram is found to be buggy ( with the uploaded pics , in black color ( ? ) ) , and of course , flappy bird lags a bit ( the solution to which probably lies in reverting some upstream changes , and/or the build . prop ) . i would really suggest that you take a backup of your current custom rom , try cm11 ( or any other kitkat rom for that purpose ) , and restore your backup , if you feel it is not worth the update . also , do use google , to find the answers for your queries first ( and a topic that is directly related to a particular device , i.e. htc explorer , you had have rather searched here ) . its always probable that your questions ' already been answered . note : as to why i would say that you had turn to xda developers , as because development for this device primarily takes place in the xda developers forum . that is why .
the purpose of the lockscreen is to prevent someone from accessing your data , which would be erased by performing a factory reset . a fingerprint scanner is not more secure than a password , it is only more convenient . a few cases where it falls short as a password are : you leave your fingerprints everywhere its easier to obtain your fingerprints by force , than a password its harder to change your fingerprints than a password and fingerprint lock in samsung galaxy 5 easily defeated by whitehat hackers
you can check out djembey 's pre-rooted s4 thread in xda . the author has debloated ( i.e. . removed unecessary apps ) the stock s4 rom . there is a download link that contains all the apks that he has removed ; search for Removed Apps . it is safe to assume that these apps are safe to be deleted . better yet , why do not you just flash his custom rom ? that seems easier . : )
i tested it using the built-in nfc share feature of youtube application between two nfc devices , namely a nexus 5 and a nexus 10 .
take any nfc enabled thing to test it out and install this task launching app . now create an action using the app to do anything ( click the + icon and follow instructions ) . when it asks you to write the tag , just touch the back of the device to your nfc enabled thing . it may fail to write , but it will still work . examples of some nfc enabled things you might just have lying around : metro cards some electronic keys any other nfc enabled phone
the only solution for you is to use another nfc enabled device . turn on android beam and try to beam something to the other device and vice versa . you can find how to use android beam here . you cannot use apps to check it as they are only capable of checking whether nfc is turned on or not . also the service menu tests is of no use without a tag . and by the way , nfc tags are not that expensive . try ebay and nfctagstore . com
it may be because of permission issue . if you are rooted and installed custom recovery ( cwm recovery , twrp recovery ) there is an option in advanced . 1: boot into recovery 2: advanced ( cwm recovery ) 3: fix permissions it will fix permissions for all apps installed . try it . . or else provide more details like rom , root status , recovery etc .
i am afraid there is no such facility ( though it might exist a device which has this , i have not yet heard of ) . screen off means screen off . however , i may be able to offer an alternative : tasker can react on " motion " as well , so you could use a " shake-pattern " as trigger . a profile i could imagine : condition : shake twice ( record the shake-pattern ) task : turn display on , unlock , bring app to foreground i am not sure if " shake patterns " could also be something like " tap the device twice " , so you could try that as well . and though tasker is a payed app ( worth every cent ! ) , there is a free , fully functional 7-day-trial available on their homepage .
try searching the playstore . if you gave a proximity sensor on your devices try using that . magnetic sensors use less battery , but you need a magnet to activate . another option are g-sensors . the screen will not register touches while turned off ( some very rare devices do ) .
i had this problem - to resolve it , play a track with google play and lock your tablet . you should notice the new lock screen with album art is now present . now , quit google play etc . and go back to using ( the excellent ) doubletwist . you should find doubletwist 's " now playing " track appears on the lock screen just like google play . i suspect google play starts a background service enabling this new feature . hopefully an update to doubletwist will do the same in future - but i am just guessing .
something must have happened to your phone 's motherboard . better get it to the service center instead of browsing through the internet for a solution . you cant do anything about it .
first , go to your phone settings > date and time and check if your time zone is correct . second , change the time zone of your google account by following this guide . good luck !
try cleaning the battery and case contacts with a tooth brush .
i think the original samsung application is not good enough and has some bugs . so you can use apps from your mail service like gmail and yahoo applications or use applications which support multiple email services like aqua mail .
i use filezilla on ubuntu and ftp server on android . much faster transfers than bluetooth and you can browse the device . ftp server : f-droid , google play
probably you can create a tasker profile to connect to the wifi network automatically when you arrive at home ( or the home wifi network is in the range ) another good thing you can achieve it using rsync backup is that , you can use rsync and use a tasker job to periodically ( or conditionally ) upload/download data from/to your phone . you can refer to rsync 's documentation for its configuration and other setup steps . you can configure it to only specify required one way transfer of files .
if you have sync enabled in your mobile , then your phone book list will be automatically stored in your google account . go to "contacts.google.com" to find your contacts . else if you have usb debugging enabled in your phone , you can follow this link to unlock your phone .
if you had contact sync enabled and you added the account on this rom too your contacts should appear . if they do not , try titanium backup pro . it is a terrific backup solution and it is pro version allows you to restore individual items from cwm backups . it costs more than your average app but it is super well worth it .
if the phone is new and in the box , then it has probably never been turned on . you can tell because the first time you turn it on ( after fully charging the battery ) , it will go through the initial setup process , inviting you to enter or create a google account , and showing some pop-up tips about adding shortcuts to the home screen . if it is second-hand , then the shop or the previous owner should have factory-reset it already , but you can tell in the same way . if you turn it on and get the initial setup process right away , then you are already starting from a fresh state . if you just get the home screen , with no setup screen inviting you to enter or create a google account , then you need to factory-reset from the device settings .
there are a handful of different apps you could try , each with varying amounts of features . a few specific examples : allcast - also supports other devices like roku and xbox . casts pretty much any kind of media . dayframe - intended mostly for casting pictures as a slideshow/digital frame . photocast - can display photos in a few different styles , including one that plots the location of geotagged images on a map in the background .
it is based on content of site , if any site comes under categories : article , documentation , blog , news or same kind comes under browser reader feature , hope you got you answer .
not possible . at least not on most roms . try the nsa or your country 's secret services .
yes , those apps are stock apps in the german-localized roms for the galaxy s3 ( the i9300 version ) . likely they were there in the original rom but you uninstalled them and later forgot about it . it is fine to just uninstall them . the seventh and eight digits of the imei do not have any meaning in current phones . before 2004 , they indicated the country where the phone was assembled , but the structure of the imei was changed then so those two digits do not have a special meaning of their own . there is nothing here to suggest your phone is a fake .
check your calendar settings and see if you are using home time zone . i have got mine using home time zone and it has no problems switching between dst . calendar -> settings -> general settings
have you tried setting Automatic date &amp; time and Automatic time zone ? source : daylight saving time and android : sit back and relax
the problem seemed be caused by winamp not playing wma format files , even though it is meant to support them . have converted them to mp3 and they now appear in winamp and can be played .
i have experienced this also with my phone ( galaxy nexus ) . the main reason that i see causing this is a miss-typed password as i believe someone mentioned above . another thing that has happened to me is a really low connection . check to see how strong the wifi signal is in the spot where you are trying to connect . sometimes if the connection is really weak it will keep the phone from connecting so try moving around your house also . i know this is pretty obvious but you said you had two networks so make sure your phone is not connected to the first one when you are trying connect to the second . if all of this does not solve the problem there is a workaround that i have found works most of the time : go to settings-> wifi ( make sure it is turned on so you can see all the available networks . ) . click on the plus button at the bottom ( right above the home button in the center ) . enter your network 's ssid ( name that appears in the list of available networks ) and select the security and password . hit save and see if that works ( you might have to than click on it in the list and hit connect but it should connect when you hit save . ) hope this helps !
in the end i fixed it using the old " have you tried turning it off and on again ? " on one of the aps . make sure to try that first . ; ) so here is my little checklist , least annoying first : ( if you have other suggestions or things that worked for you let me know and i will add them ! ) recheck the password it is almost always the problem ! ( hint to the android devs : a more descriptive error for this case would be great . ; ) ) reboot all devices . yes , even if it works for other computers and if it will cut their network connection . try adding the network manually and entering all the data manually . try restricting all devices to specific channels and bands instead of using automatic discovery . if you use multiple devices make sure they do not interfere by setting them to different channels or selectively turning them off . try using " adb logcat " to get more information . try resetting your phone .
there is a clipboard-related samsung firmware bug which is known at least since july 2012 and happens on multiple samsung devices with android 4.0 . x ( ics ) . it is reported to be fixed in jelly bean updates , but they may not be available for all devices which have this problem . other solutions discussed in the bug comments , such as removing everything from the /data/clipboard directory , require a rooted phone . the bug is also not present in custom roms which are not based on samsung touchwiz ( such as cyanogenmod ) .
the samsung note stores everything from the clipboard . i would imagine that months of old clipboard items may cause a problem eventually . you might try to double-tap a text field , select clipboard and delete old clipboard entries from there .
i do not think since evernote is quite big they would do something like that , and if would do so it would be something so easy to see . actually when you are developing for android some methods would require this kind of permission , if i am not wrong , if you want , for example , check for data connection needs read phone state and identity or for some advertising . . i have found an interesting article discussing it : here
the reason for " phone calls " might be quite easy : looking at the app requirements , they list " android 1.6 or higher " . with that , this permission is automatically set -- whether the developer wants it or not . reference : android 1.6 changelog . an interesting discussion on this permission can be found at stackoverflow : android permissions : phone calls : read phone state and identity . of course this might not be the only reason . if the app e.g. lets you take " call notes " for an ongoing phone call , it might want to connect it with the contact or at least the calling number . to get the contact , it needs the number . to get the number , it needs . . . yes , READ_PHONE_STATE . not using evernote , i cannot say if it offers such a feature . personal information : a possible reason for contacts i just explained . some additional reasons , taken from the app description , could be : email notes and save tweets to your evernote account ( email taken from contacts ) share notes with friends and colleagues via facebook and twitter ( again , your friends data is probably stored with your contacts ) take meeting and class notes ( meetings are probably among your calendar entries , so they could be connected ) plan a trip : keep track of travel plans , plane tickets and passports ( again a clear candidate for calendar : travel plans ) as for accounts , pick reasons from above : how to share on your twitter and/or facebook accounts without accessing them ? so all mentioned permissions could be easily explained . could , as it takes some guess-work . you may be able to tell my assumptions are true if you investigate the described features . but the devs should be able to confirm or deny -- and imho it is their responsibility to explain . my suggestion to developers always is : if there are sensitive permissions involved , split the connected functionality into addons/plugins . my standard example : locus maps . it needs internet access to load maps , that is crucial to the app . being a navigation app , you might want it to navigate you to your friends -- so accessing your contacts makes sense . but that together with internet , well . . . you might be concerned . so menion ( the dev ) moved this part to a ( free ) addon . choice is up to you : trust him ( and install the addon ) , or enter all addresses manually . and for another thing i agree with a point mentioned here a couple of times : a 4.7 star rating with almost half a million downloads , i would say if that app were malicious , we had have heard about .
" read phone state and identity allows the application to access the phone features of the device . an application with this permission can determine the phone number and serial number of this phone , whether a call is active , the number that call is connected to and so on " i think it needs calls to make some appointment from them and all the other permission are maybe in the same feature class . i think other users are having similar concerns about other apps from big providers like facebook see here . my take would be to ask directly evernote why they need those features enabled . this is no way a singular incident see a similar concern here .
when you flash a custom rom and you are coming from different version of android , restoring app data may cause some problems . if you restore your whatsapp 's data may cause crashing that app . so its better not to backup data , backup just that application . if you are flashing same android version it may not cause issues . and you do not need to re-register .
i played with fire and went ahead and backed up my data with tb , flashed a custom rom ( paranoidandroid 3.0 ) and restored the backup ! well , this is how it went : whatsapp - restored the data without re-registration tango - re-register viber - restored google+ - log in required and configure the settings facebook - already logged in ( but re-sync contacts ) path - already logged in
quick workaround : you can type similar starting words couple of times to make your phone think they are more frequent . embarrassing words will not disappear but they will not bother you because new words will be suggested instead .
instead of going into personal dictionary , try all languages , which on my phone is right above the personal dictionaries option . that is where my list of words was .
in my lg optimus one running gingerbread , i can open a message thread and long press on an message . this pops up a list of options and if i press ' view message details ' i get details like from , date , time . the value displayed for from is not the contact name rather it is their number . alternatively , instead of long press , short press on the sender 's name in the message gives an option to call and when i do so and quickly disconnect , i can see the number which is called , which is the number the message came from .
if you do not hesitate to use a third-party messaging app , then simply install go sms pro , it shows the exact sender 's number below her/his name on top of the thread . i am not aware of any other messaging app that also does this , but this one has many nice features along with that one .
use es file explorer https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.estrongs.android.pophl=en free . how to use go into your pc and set up a share folder . use this as reference http://www.techrepublic.com/blog/windows-and-office/how-do-i-share-folders-in-windows-7-with-the-shared-folder-wizard/ either place your file to transfer in the shared folder or make the shared folder where your file is located . now install es file explorer on the device and run app . goto the quick access menu ( 3 dash button in the top left corner ) . select network> lan . bottom of the screen select scan , might take a minute to acquire connection . select your shared folder . select your file ( long pressing file and select copy at the bottom ) goto the quick access again and select local pick your destination location from there and tap paste enjoy ! !
there is a possibility that one of the app installed in your phone keeps the screen on even when it is locked . if possible , connect through adb and see which apps are active .
finally , i did a factory reset on my s2 and now the battery lasts the way it used to with ics . ) :
you are suffering the same problem i was after upgrading . look in the direction of either google now or google maps . good chance you have ' report from this device ' set in maps location settings . this is murder on your battery ! i disabled it and am now back at about 2% - 3% per hour on 3g with light use throughout the day . i also disabled google now for good measure , but i did not notice any real improvements from that . i do still notice much higher battery consumption than 4.04 when having wifi on . at home , i have reverted to 3g after seeing it burn through the battery at 5% per hour even without any active use .
i have the same problem and i found that it is the wifi . if i turn the wifi off , battery drain is less than 15% in 12 hours for my use . yesterday i turned the wifi on in the afternoon and the battery was at 96% . i stayed home connected to my wifi all day and did not use the phone all afternoon . at 8:30pm the battery was down to 19% .
i had the same problem with battery drain . i can tell from your name that you must be from denmark . i found my battery drainer in a danish app . yousee musik was set to automatically download on wifi . since i turned that setting off my problem was gone !
most of these answers are correct as far as they go . you can charge the asus transformer without the base using any standard usb source ( computer , plug , etc ) with the proprietary cable . the transformer needs to be off or at least have the screen blank in order for this to work , and with less than 10 volts it will not indicate that it is charging . . . but it is , albeit very slowly . the included wall charger uses pin 3 of the usb to determine if it is connected to an asus transformer or another device . it supplies 15 volts if connected to the transformer or base , and 5 volts to any other device so it can be safely used to charge a phone or other device . many people have successfully charged their transformer with a direct connection to a 12-volt source like a car battery . the positive terminal needs to go to usb pin 1 ( red wire ) and the negative to the ground at pin 4 . be aware that while this works , it may void your warranty . such a charging setup cannot be used for phones or other devices !
as others have pointed out , the transformer does require a proprietary cable for charging . there are a couple of drawbacks to this . the supplied cable is not very long . my nexus s phone came with a really long micro-usb cable and it is great , because i can plug the phone in and put it up on a high shelf out of reach of the kids ( who know not to touch the wires ) . the cable is a proprietary plug on one end , and standard usb device plug on the other end . but do not be fooled : it will not charge from the pc . the asus adapter ( which is ac-usb power ) detects the transformer and negotiates a higher current/voltage . the transformer will not charge in a standard usb plug . you can , however , use the asus adapter to charge normal usb devices without problems . i am not sure why asus went with a proprietary cable for charging . i suspect it is because that port is meant to be a multipurpose port for the dock , charging , and accessories , and that using a proprietary port makes all that much easier . however there are not really any accessories for it and anyway they could have included a micro-usb port along with the dock/accessory port . in any case , you would still need the wall plug adapter because of the higher power requirements for charging this device .
i think the proprietary charger is needed because of the higher voltages required by the dual-battery design . i guess you could use the regular usb connector , but it might annoy people when a regular cable did not work because it does not provide the right voltages . using the odd connector ensures that the correct charger gets used .
! i found a powerbolt duo car charger by kensington at tiger direct . one usb connector puts out 2.1 amps , which is what the asus transformer wants , and the other is 1.0 amp . i am sure that there are others available . it does not solve the " short cable " problem though
from what i can see , the transformer charger works much simpeler . if you look closely into the usb connections , you can see an extra set of five pins . at the charger usb socket , a pair of these pins supplies +15v to the tablet . references on the net state that is ok to connect a +12v source to the usb power pins .
it comes with an ac adapter and a charging/data cable which can plug directly into the tablet , though it does still use their proprietary cable connection since it plugs into the same connector that the keyboard dock uses ( the other end is male usb ) . using proprietary charging cables is not unheard of - samsung and apple have done this ; i do not personally like it when companies use proprietary cables , but in this case it is mostly because the charging/data port doubles as the dock connector . here 's an image from engadget 's unboxing/review of the prime . the ac adapter is at the bottom .
first off , the charging cable for transformer is not that clunky . sure , inconvenient having to carry another cable and adapter , but it is not that bad . second , asus is not the only manufacturer to use a proprietary port ( with the required proprietary charging/data cable ) instead of usb or microusb connections . samsung tablets are notorious for requiring a similarly shaped 30-pin cable and a/c adapter for charging and data transfer . all apple 's ios devices also have a similar cable/adapter requirement .
what you are missing is : the application ( in your case toolbox ) can evaluate how it was called . to make an easy linux-example : say you have a script called myscript , and call it with the parameters para1 para2 ( i.e. . myscript para1 para2 ) , and the script has a line : echo $0 $1 $1  it would output exactly what you called it : myscript para1 para2 . now make a symlink : ln -s myscript mylink , call mylink para1 para2 , and guess what it will " echo": the command line you called . so parsing the command line , based on the symlink your toolbox was called by , it can determine which functionality you were pointing at .
the newest version of the gmail app supports file downloads , rather than previews . if you are using the website i would think that foley is correct .
the screenshots of the cn version are all in chinese , also the language code for chinese simplified is " cn " .
i had the same problem , and the solution was to re-flash the stock rom .
i agree with onik 's comment linking to his answer to a previous similar question ; this very well may be up to your carrier and something you will have to take up with them . sms/mms delivery is a ballet involving the sending and receiving carriers ' interest in cooperating , the network technology your phone uses , and how the sms app on your phone interprets the messages you receive . an unfortunate number of these factors are out of your control , but have you tried another sms app like go sms or handcent ? these may help your issue .
this is how i recovered mine sometime ago : first you need to download the correct . blob ( firmware ) file from the asus site here . when you downloaded the correct firmware unzip it and remember its directory . boot it into fastboot mode ( when you press volume down on the little android it seems that the tablet is stuck but actually it is in fastboot mode ) and then type :
autoupdates brick a lot of transformers when on cm . bad sounding situation , in my opinion . fastboot and adb are the only ways you could recover your device if you have a bad bootloader and recovery . have you tried holding vol-down while resetting with a paperclip ? that should force fastboot . if not , we can try adb . do you have adb access while your tablet is plugged in to your computer ? turn on your tablet so it is in recovery , and on your computer , run adb devices to see if your tablet is available . if so , adb -d reboot-bootloader should force your device to reboot into fastboot . from there , run fastboot erase x where x is : system recovery userdata boot misc cache and then after that , you can flash your files and/or restore your .blob files .
make sure you have disconnected from the computer and the phone has remounted the card , then navigate to /sdcard/ or /mnt/sdcard/ . ( on other samsung phones like the galaxy s , you would go to /sdcard/external_sd/ . )
the samsung power supply unit ( psu ) i have ( same for : tab2 7.0 , tab2 10.1 , and s3 mini ) just requires a firm pressure , to remove the australia/new zealand angle-prong portion . push the power-prong element away from the bottom ( with ce notice ) of psu . there is no release or catch , to stop this action . ( if this does not exactly match shape/appearance of your psu , then disregard . ) the alternative approach is to instead obtain a samsung 30-pin to micro-usb adapter . this allows you to use any standard phone psu or pc ( usb to micro-usb cable ) to re-charge the battery . ebay > micro usb female to 30pin for samsung galaxy tab p1000 . . adapter
you may be able to use one of these which has one 2.1a usb port , but only if the device you are charging supports it . most devices when transferring data lock the power output to the standard usb power standard when connected as a data device though . also if you are using a modded device with a usb fast charge enabled kernel , you will not be able to accomplish what you want because of how it is implemented . the force usb fast charge mode tricks the phone into thinking it is on mains power so it shuts off data ports .
it works that way by default . you can plug into your computer and use data while charging . it may be your specific usb cable , i have seen some that do not always work . bottom line there is nothing special needed
i am assuming by driveyou mean google-drive ? from this page you can zip and download all drive files google drive has the ability to download a bunch of files and folders in a zip file . to do so , just select the files and folders and select More &gt; Download &gt; Download from Google Drive the files will be zipped and it will take some time for the process depending upon the size of the files and folders . you can either wait with that window open by looking into the estimated time or you can click ' email when ready ' which will send you a email with link to zip file onces its done . note the max zip size is 2gb . an alternative would be to do the following : sync the files to your computer using the google drive client app : third option : gdrive downloader application on play this claims to download all files with extensions .
if every app had to interpret the raw gps input itself , it would be very silly . different apps would duplicate the same effort of decoding and interpreting the gps input to compute a location . different apps would end up using different libraries to do it , so each app might end up with a different idea of your location . instead , the process of interpreting the gps data to compute with a location is handled centrally in android itself . the android system offers an interface for apps to query the location without having to worry about the details of whether it came from gps , cell towers , or wi-fi networks . this way , only the android system has to compute the location , using any possible sources , it can give this location to many apps without duplicating effort , and ( as you have noticed ) each app does not have to start from scratch to compute the location . more recent android versions also do clever tricks like giving a less precise location to apps that have the " approximate ( network-based ) location " permission but not the " precise ( gps ) location " permission , regardless of which methods were actually used to determine the location . internally , this works with what is called a bound system service : an ipc mechanism for different processes to receive data from the service that actually computes the location . the service does run in user space , not inside the kernel , and like any other android app it runs inside its own process . ( only the very low levels of the gps receiver driver run inside the kernel . ) the details of that are well beyond the scope of this site , but if you are interested , you can learn more by reading the location strategies page in the official android developers ' guide .
try plugging in a keyboard via usb . if you do not already have an adapter for it i would recommend that you go ahead and buy one . it comes in handy .
what is your os ? here is a link that might help you : how to unlock device when i forgot my password ? now here are some scenarios : if you are in jellybean and you only have the stock jellybean password , then i am sorry to say you need to take a drastic measure in opening your tablet which is doing a factory reset . however , on the link above it will tell you that you can unlock your device by using your google account online . i do not really know the details but that might help you . if you are using another keyboard from the play store , chances are you can edit the settings on the keyboard itself . this could appear in the form of a settings button ( a circle with a dot on the center ) where you can set up the language of the keyboard or you are using hacker 's keyboard you can swipe the spacebar and the keyboard will change the language . i strongly suggest you add what os and keyboard configurations you are using ( activated keyboards , current keyboard used ) to your question so that others might add more helpful answers .
the water evaporating has left now undissolved mineral ions on your phone ( ions conduct electricity ) . now electricity does not go as designed . also heat cycles will possibly change chemical and physical structure of your hardware . the more you use it the more likely something will get worse instead of drying to get rid of water and leave the ions on your phone you should have hoovered the water being cautious not to discharge static electricity to the phone ( even though theoretically almost everyone should have damaged their hardware with static many times in their lives it somehow never happens ) now maybe you should clean it properly ( isopropyl alcohol should work the purer the better at least 99% ) the better way to clean it is with bathing it in the alcohol and use ultrasound at the same time which some more professional phonerepairers do with special machines . ( you can find some good replacements of the machines for about 50usd ) it most often works without ultrasounding but the ultrasound method is much better and fixes the performance of water damaged phone more .
i would try an app to turn the screen off , such as this : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.katecca.screenofflockhl=en sounds like you have done well to only have this little damage . perhaps even this will recover in time .
here you will find a guide for the stock rom version of your galaxy s4 http://www.droidgator.com/how-to-root-samsung-galaxy-s4-sch-i545/ however , if your phone was updated to the vruamdk , you should use the already posted tutorial . good luck !
if you are lucky enough to have not updated and are still on the vruamdk build number then here is the root method ( source and credit given to : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2290798 ) : step 1: go to the source link above and download the five items in the first step , samsung official usb drivers , odin v3.07 , vruamd2 prerelease kernel , stock vruamdk kernel for your phone , and motochopper root exploit tool . step 2: boot your phone into odin mode . step 3: flash the vruamd2 prerelease kernel using odin v3.07 in pda section only . boot back into android and verify that the flash was successful . step 4: follow settings -> more -> about phone -> tap " build number " 7 to unlock developer options and verify in there that you have " usb debugging " checked and " verify apps via usb " unchecked . verify in security setting on your device that you have " unknown sources " checked and " verify apps " unchecked step 5: connect your phone to your computer and open " run . bat " file from the location you have extracted motochopper to . you will see a message on the phone asking you to accept the new computer connection ( select to always allow and select ok ) . step 6: after motochopper runs and your phone reboots on its own , check if supersu has any update in the play store . open supersu app and let the binary update itself to the latest very important or you will lose root on step 4 . now you can open a root application and verify that is able to access root properly . step 7: now to restore the stock kernel you need to boot your phone into odin mode ( how-to link above ) . step 8: flash the stock vruamdk kernel using odin v3.07 in pda section only ( follow same link in step 3 for a how-to ) . step 9: boot back to android and verifying everything is still working and kernel has flashed successfully . you should now be fully rooted and on the fully stock original firmware that came on your device . to restore a custom recovery ( optional ) , follow step 5 on the source link .
there is a root method available for the vruema7 build that does not require you to wipe your device or flash roms , but it does not have an unlocked boot loader ( source and credit to : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2380325 ) step 1: download all three files from the first step from the source above and install/extract as necessary . step 2: insert a microsd card ( exfat format required ) into your device and connect it to your computer as a media device . step 3: move the extracted files and folder from the root exploit package onto the root of your microsd card . do not put them in any folder . step 4: open the android terminal emulator app on your device and run the following commands hitting return after each line : cd /mnt/extSdCard ./pwn ./script.sh  after the second command you should see the '$' change to a '#' indicating root access . the third command will make root access permanent . step 5: after the above commands have run , you can download and open supersu and check for binary updates . at this point you should be done and you can open an app that will request root access to test this .
i think it is better inform it to the google play store support . go to this page:- https://support.google.com/googleplay/?hl=en then click top right " contact us " button . follow its on screen instructions .
it worked fine for me . obviously if you unmout your sd you can not use it , so , since you probabily want so save space , my advice is to download a small-size keybord and install it in the internal memory : trust me when i say you that can not using the keyboard is a big problem
which keyboard app are you using ? it does not break normally on sd card . i have used stock and swiftkey both on sd card . never cause any problem to me .
works fine on sd card , using swype on external memory .
imap clients generally need to use application-specific passwords in order to access accounts that use 2-step verification . you will need to generate a new app-specific password , then use that to set up your incoming/outgoing servers instead of using your regular account password . google 's support page ( linked above ) includes instructions for doing this . summarized , the procedure is : how to generate an application-specific password visit your google account settings page . on the left , click security . under the "2-step verification " topic , click manage your application specific passwords . under the application-specific passwords section , enter a descriptive name for the application you want to authorize , then click generate application-specific password " . you will then see the application-specific password ( asp ) you just created . you will also see the name you wrote in for the device and a link to revoke -- or cancel -- the code . when you sign in to an application requiring an asp , enter your asp in the password field , and make sure you check the " remember password " option if you want the application to remember the code .
the best part about android is first the freedom , second the community . like npike said , you can do whatever you like with your phone , causing it to be more or less stable . you can customize as far as you can imagine ( and possibly program ) , but if you do too much or incorrectly , yes , you will bog down your device . but there is nothing a good wipe can not fix : ) second is the community . if it is roms you are looking for , there is always one that you will like , or there is one being developed with new features you want . or you can make your own ! android enthusiasts are always innovating and finding new ways of helping each other out . so if you do have stability issues with your device , chances are there is someone who can help you : )
as an android user for about 2 years ( and an iphone user for 2 years before that ) , i feel that android is very stable . but you have to remember , that with the ability to load widgets , and background applications - you can certainly bog down your phone and decrease its performance . in apple 's walled garden this is not a problem , but you also do not have the freedom and choice . as a modern computer user , i want the choice to slow down my phone if i want : )
i run a custom rom on my samsung galaxy s . the hard part is knowing which rom to pick . if you want stability , i would stay away from cyanogen , because they tend to be more experimental and bleeding edge . if you visit the xda forums for galaxy s 2 and go to the android development page , the most popular roms will be on the first or second page . typically you can get an idea of the stability of the rom by looking at the change log and how frequently bug fixes have been made to the rom recently . for instance , if a new rom was just released , or it seems to have very frequent serious bug fixes , you may want to stay away for a while . however , if you find one that has been out for a while and the serious bug fixes have died down ( as opposed to feature updates ) , then it is probably okay . you can usually find reviews of roms on various android community sites , but i am not familiar enough with where to go .
to reply to your question , i just got a samsung galaxy s2 , and it is amazingly fast ! ! and of course very stable , as any other android phone i tried . i am not sure about right-to-left languages , but the original samsung rom on the galaxy s2 is nothing like " slow and heavy " , it offers really good performance in every aspect , this is certainly the fastest android phone i ever tried ( or fastest smartphone , all platforms included )
to add the current page as a bookmark , in the browser : menu-> bookmarks-> add bookmark then you can long click the bookmark and select ' add shortcut to home ' which will add an icon for the bookmark on the desktop . alternatively , long click on the desktop , then select add item-> shortcut-> bookmark
you will not be able to receive a 3g video call from another phone , assuming what you are looking for is the operator backed 3g-324m solution that is available on most 3g phones ( not including iphone or android ) . 3g-324m as a solution does not run over ip and requires a tighter integration between operating system , modem and application . you can read more on the technicalities here : http://www.radvision.com/resources/developers/white-papers/android_integration.htm
it would depend on the application used to make the video call . some applications may tell you that you do not have a front facing camera and may not work . some may allow you to use the back camera , i am not sure . the best option is to try the application and see if you can make/receive calls . [ edit ] videocall radar is an app that will allow you make video calls without a front facing camera , but , like all the other apps , the person your calling has to have the application too .
some kindle books have " lending " enabled on them , so that you can loan them to another kindle user for up to two weeks . the downside is that this can only be done once per book , and not all publishers allow their books to be leant out . more info here amazon . com lending kindle books
as per their faq : how many kindles can i use to access titles in my library ? most books you purchase from the kindle store may be simultaneously accessed for your personal use on up to six kindles or kindle-compatible devices ( such as kindle for pc or kindle for iphone ) registered to your amazon . com account . if the limit is less than six simultaneous copies for a specific title , you will see the message " simultaneous device usage : up to x simultaneous devices , per publisher limits " on the amazon . com detail page . if you reach the device limit and want to replace one of your current devices with a new one , you must first deregister and delete the content from the device you wish to replace before you can access the content in question from your new device . for device registration instructions , please see the help page for the device you wish to register/deregister on the kindle support pages . subscription content such as magazines and blogs can only be downloaded to one kindle at a time and cannot be accessed from kindle for pc . so yes , you can read the ebook on multiple devices , but be aware that there is a limit of 6 ( or fewer ) devices .
you should be able to register multiple kindle apps or devices to the one amazon account . for example i can read the same book on my kindle , htc desire using the kinde app and the desktop application on work and home computers .
wow , i had this problem just this week ! and just got access to my microsd . . . accessing your microsd the problem : my microsd card works great on my phone , but when i inserted it into my card reader and plugged it into the computer ( ubuntu 12.04 ) , it did not read ! well , this microsd card was a 16gb , class 4 so i thought maybe it was due to the class that it did not work . since , when i plug in a 2gb microsd , it works great ! works on my phone as well as using the card reader . what i did : updated my usb drivers as well as my computer and it is all great ! here 's the command that i used : sudo update-usbids &amp;&amp; sudo update-pciids  and then use the software center and just do a full system update . that is it . the post where i got the info from : ubuntu 10.04 usb drives not mounting ! - these are instructions for ubuntu 10.04 but it worked for my 12.04 . *i did not have anything to do with mount-manager at all . accessing your internal storage this is something that i am not an expert at but i am quite sure it is what the rooting program using the adb connection did to my android when it needed to install the sudo binary . but here 's a link i hope will be of a great help to you - how to access intenal storage or internal memory of android while conecting to pc ? !
you can turn 3g data back on through ' settings ' . go to ' settings ' go to ' wireless and networks ' somewhere near the bottom should be ' mobile network ' - enable it now you are phone should have both 3g and wifi enabled . if it can connect to a wifi , it'll use wifi ; otherwise , it'll fall back to use 3g . edit : as seth pointed out below , these instructions may differ slightly between android phones ( but should be relatively similar ) . instructions above are for the htc desire .
i am using samsung nexus s . i think most of the android phones are very similar . please follow the following steps ; go to " settings" ; go to " wireless and networks " scroll down to the bottom , go to " mobile network settings " . now you could enable " data enabled " option , which is the first option could be selected . then , you could access the network through wifi or 3g . good luck .
disabling the ssid broadcast does not provide any meaningful security to your wireless network . the days that it might help make your network harder to spot are long , long past . as such the best " fix " is to re-enable the ssid broadcast .
this is because android by default ( manufactures could of added something ) connect using only the ssid , not the bssid . see this issue : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=1041 this app here might help : https://market.android.com/details?id=jp.sourceforge.soopy.hidden.ssid.enablerfeature=search_result this is the design to connect by ssid instead of bssid for mesh networks , this becomes helpful . also if your router and phone support wps button , try that .
if you have a fastboot-enabled bootloader then it should be pretty simple . just put the system . img file somewhere on your pc , connect your device via a usb cable , reboot into your bootloader 's fastboot mode and then : fastboot flash system /path/to/system.img  if you do not have fastboot then you will have to jump through some more hoops . one option would be to use something like unyaffs to extract the contents of the system . img ( if it is an ext2/3/4 filesystem then just mount it ) and then package it up as a zip file that can be installed from a custom recovery . there are some tutorials floating around that explain the syntax of the installer script file , but the easiest way to figure it out would probably be to download a custom rom for your device , unzip it , and look at the updater-script file ( should be META-INF/com/google/android/updater-script in the archive ) . you may also be able to get away with simply using dd on the device , though i would be careful if you decide to try it , and make sure you are booted into recovery : adb push system.img /sdcard/ adb shell dd if=/sdcard/system.img of=/your/system/partition  alternatively , you can often build the source so that it creates a zip file instead of raw images , then install the zip from recovery . i would suggest checking to see see if you have something like make otapackage available to you .
to uninstall the package using adb , you need to use the package name listed in the manifest , for example : adb uninstall com.shadowburst.showr  you might also want to use the -k option to avoid deleting the app 's data when uninstalling . you can also uninstall apps from the settings app : click apps , find your app in the list , then click uninstall . this works even if the app was installed via adb or directly from an apk file . by the way , do not use de.rf as a package name , even if you own the internet domain rf.de . you want the package name to be something inside a domain you control , to ensure that it will not clash with another java package you write ( such as another app or a library ) .
you do not have to uninstall , when you install an app already installed , you have to use adb install -r . ( for more help , juste type adb ) to uninstall an app , you have to use adb uninstall package-name ( e . g . adb uninstall com.example.app ) .
have a look in the ouya store for an app called autopilot , that allows you to specify an app that will run on boot .
first , htc is not . . . employing a filter or enhancement to make the photos look better . . . . second , this is the color settings of the screens . if you transfer a photo taken from a sony device camera to a samsung mobile device , you will see a huge difference . that difference is that you can not see the vividness and cleanliness ( i.e. . the beauty ) you saw in the photo of the samsung phone . explanation : the mobile phones has a ppi or dpi more than 300 whereas the computer monitors have around 150 - 200 . since you are seeing the pictures in a lesser pixel density while you are viewing them in your pc , you may fell that they do not look nearly as good . if you want the beauty you saw in your phone , use photoshop or any other photo editing app to increase the colors a little and adjust brightness and/or contrast or curves . our fellow se members of photography stack exchange will be glad to help you .
i have found a workable solution for this problem . i installed go locker , which is a custom slide screen lock . follow its initial ( somewhat confusing ) instruction to disable unlocking with the home button , and enable settings -> visual setting -> hide status bar . then when you press the power button to lock the phone , when you unlock you get the go locker screen . the only downside is after your security timeout , you will have to enter your password/pin and then slide to unlock with go locker .
draft can open markdown files with .md and .markdown extensions .
markdawn . if you open a .md file in the dropbox app it'll let you to open it with it . it has been pointed out that currently ( as of 2013-04-18 ) markdawn only works as a viewer .
i found a good web application to view and edit markdown-formatted files - stackedit . you can integrate it with dropbox and google drive and use it to open any of your text files . it does not matter if were .md , .txt, or something else .
had the same problem . solved it by clearing defaults in my gallery application .
just . . . go to settings &rarr ; applications &rarr ; manage applications select the all tab scroll down and find gallery open this entry , tap the clear defaults button
it is not the best i could do but installing brand new gingerbread ( obviously ) solved the problem
normally you would do this from Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications . find the app in the list , click it , and choose clear defaults .
closest thing i have been able to find is : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.burningthumb.premiervideokioskhl=en video kiosk display a folder of videos , continuously and robustly in a loop . video kiosk was designed with android tv sticks in mind ( tested on mk808 and mk812 ) but also works with any android device that you want to use to display a continuous series of looping videos . video kiosk can used to run the big screen at a gym , shop , or anywhere where you need to run an unattended display , so you can be sure it will work simply and easily . the only thing other people need to know how to do is turn the tv on and off - video kiosk takes care of the rest . simply put your video files in a folder , launch video kiosk and pick the folder that contains the video . optionally enable the launch at startup option so that when the device is ( re ) started , video kiosk automatically launches and starts playing video .
have you tried considering a mutli-partition sd card ? there are a few tools like sdminste and partition wizard to help you create a dual partition setup on your sd card . you could create a small partition to store all your roms and updates , and a bigger partition for your user data . however , there is a slight problem wherein windows will only recognize the first partition . refer this well written guide on xda for a workaround .
i updated the software to 4.1.2 and the problem has gone :- ) i do not know if the bug has been fixed , or the process of upgrading has corrected the faulty state the phone was in . i will update this post if the problem comes back . . .
you can update your firmware with this file .
from what i read a few days ago , tablet cannot run android market ( and therefore will not be distributed with it ) until 2.3 is released in the early part of next year . i have heard of a few tablets being released using the manufacturers own market-type application but nothing using the official android market . i think we will have to wait until 2.3 is released before we hear about tablet support = ( gary
since the answer from gsteinert is a little bit outdated , i will try to give an update : tl ; dr apps on tablet will go to the same filter process as apps on phones on the market . apps that appear on tablets follow the same filtering rules as with phones . developers are given the ability to set attributes for their app in the , so called , manifest . for example : if an app declares that it is , for whatsoever reason , only compatible with small screen sizes , it will not show up on the market on a tablet with greater screen sizes . note that this case is very rare , because most apps that are only designed for small screens will either be upscaled or just use a small amount of the screen . there is also a way to declare an app for honeycomb tablets only .
again an update , as meanwhile flow 's answer also got a little outdated ( lol ) : if you want to filter for good tablet optimized apps , for one there are specialized apps like tablified market or tablet market to help you out . on the other hand , google started to work on this issue meanwhile . so you find a tab titled featured apps for tablets at least on the google play website . for details on this , you might also wish to read google play tablet apps getting special designation ; according to that article , the google play store is now only showing tablet-optimized apps in its top lists when accessed through a tablet .
this is actually a system theme . any app that is written to run under the theme of the device ( unless you are root your devices theme is not changeable ) will grab backgrounds , etc from that theme . it is like how most apps on the nexus devices run with the holo theme . edit : just to clarify i am saying this is not an app , it is just a theme .
viber support page mentions this : removing participants from a group participants cannot remove other participants from a group . each participant can choose to exit the group at any time . so it seems like your only choice is to exit the group and start a new one .
to answer some of your questions in your comments : the usb specification allows for a fifth channel , otg ( on-the-go ) , to negotiate master/slave relationships . some manufacturers remove the otg channel ( cheapo usb cables are notorious for this ) , and , subsequently , charging negotiation is halted if the device is trying to send data through it . some early samsung phones require the otg channel , and if your cable does not have it ( or it is a bad circuit in that one line ) , then it will not charge . very weird , but , some manufacturers do that .
in my experience , and my extensive reading on the subject , it seems to be related to the charger and not the cable , unless the cable is a non-standard usb cable . samsung does not use a special cable for their micro-usb chargers , only their old devices with the apple-like connector . the usb standard requires handshaking to negotiate more than 500 ma of current . this is not done in a standard way outside of ios devices , so not all manufacturers use the same methods . i believe some samsungs look for a certain voltage on one or two of the pins of the connector , and will not work with other chargers , but i am only guessing . what i have found with , for example , my galaxy tab 3 , is that there are some chargers that will not register no matter what cable i use ( including " charge-only " cables like from mediabridge ) , and other chargers that will not charge it at the full rate unless i use a charge-only cable . my wife 's iphone seems to charge from all the chargers , although i am not sure if it is at the full rate since i have no app to check . i should mention that most aftermarket chargers are designed to work with apple , and not necessarily android , so this is no surprise . my lg g2 , on the other hand , seems to be much less picky , and charges from most every charger i have . tl ; dr , a lot of chargers will not work well , and it is hard to know in advance whether they will .
most probably the usb cable is not supporting the samsung device . not all oem usb cables support other oem android devices . it may work with nokia usb cable but not with the nexus because the design of the pins is not matching . for this you cannot open the usb cable and change the design or something what you can do is to try another oem usb cable like nokia . it will definitely work . for more details check the answer
try this : hold the volume down button in earpod while inserting
specification sheets lie , packaging lies , the mark stamped on the card itself lies . i have lost track of the number of " class 10" sd cards that only run at a couple of mb/s or the number of 8/16/32gb cards that have an actual capacity of 2gb ! if you really want to know how fast a card is ( and whether you have been duped with a card which is smaller than it reports and will thus corrupt your data when it gets full ) i would highly recommend testing every single sd card you buy . the best testing tool out there is h2testw on the pc . this writes a unique , verifiable pattern to the drive , completely filling it . since the pattern is unique , it can verify that the data read back is actually the same as was written and that the card is not reporting that it has a higher capacity than it actually has . since the class is related to the minimum write speed and sd cards get slower as they get full , this also ensures that you are testing speed under the worst case conditions . if anyone knows of a similarly robust and reliable android application to test the sd card in a tablet/phone directly , i would happily update my answer . there is an open source project called f3 ( which is short for fight flash fraud or fight fake flash ) which is very similar to h2testw for linux and mac , but i do not have any personal experience of this . it might however form the basis for an android port ( the source code is on github ) .
you can test sdcard speed in command line : adb shell dd if=/dev/zero of=/mnt/sdcard/test bs=512 count=2048000 rm -f /mnt/sdcard/test  that will write a 1gb file with zeros bits in sdcard .
an sd card class basically the minimum sequential write speed that the sd card supports . testing the class of an sd is quite easy , just copy a 1 gb file to an empty card and measure the time it took for the copy . a class 6 sd card should support at minimum 6mb/s . also check out the markings on the sd card , there should a logo like the following : the number in the logo describes the speed class .
a microsd nfc reader has been certified for commercial use ( visa certifies devicefidelitys in2pay nfc microsd ) . we used a nexus s to read , display , and share a video from an rfid sticker the internet of experiences : consumer-based advertising using the nexus s . xtremesignpost consumer-based advertising .
the first part of your question is tautological : if the phone supports sdio then yes , it supports sdio . the g1 and the " beagleboard " support it , i believe . as for the nfc chip , i would say that if it is not small enough already then it could be shrunk to fit . it is not a particularly complicated piece of electronics . i would see very little benefit in developing something like this , however . i do not think nfc will take off before the next 2 or 3 generations of phones ( if it does at all ) , so most people will be getting new ones instead of tricking out their old ones .
it can not be done from a application 's code ( background service or thread or whatever ) . reason is well described in this post , http://debuggingisfun.blogspot.com/2014/03/android-foolproof-low-memory-killer.html
rom toolbox pro by jrummy has built-in oom manager .
on xda i found a post discussing how to pin an app to not get killed by oom . as your question indicates your device is rooted , this could be useful for you . the principle described there can be applied to your case as well by simply changing the oom_adj value specified ( the -17 would permanently pin it , highest prio -- so use a larger value to " weaken " that ) . the script snipped posted there looks like this : #!/system/bin/sh sleep 60 PPID=$(pidof com.estrongs.android.safer) echo "-17" &gt; /proc/$PPID/oom_adj  now , as said , replace the -17 by your chosen value . also replace the app 's package name ( com.estrongs.android.safer ) by the package name of your target app . you can also lower the sleep value , or even ommit the sleep at all . now you need a way to auto-execute this as soon as your app is running . for this part , you could e.g. use tasker : context would be " app running " ( and your app selected ) , and the task " run shell " , with above script as parameter . then , as soon as you start your app ( and it comes to foreground ) , tasker would execute the script -- and the oom_adj value should be applied .
glad to see someone else with the same ambition , however , i just received a samsung wep870 headset and it is not behaving any different . according to samsung support , in order to use a headset in the first place , the headset must support a2dp . perhaps someone else well have some luck making this work .
what i found out is that bt supports two channels . ( and the htc desire hd or evo4 ) supports it well : 1 phone audio ( which my android connects to my navi , which has an built-in phone supporting bt kit and confcall quality speaker ) 2 media audio ( which my android connects to my fm rebroadcaster so i can pick it up on my cars ' older radio , e.g. when i play podcasts , but still being able to have a phonecall : the media automatically stops playing , and i can touch the navi to pick up the call ) i assume now , that skype works intimately with the phone , on the media audio channel . a paired , connected bt audioset , will most likely broadcast phone audio capability , and skype will be none the wiser . . . floris .
also from the skype community forum unofficial android faq : q . why wont my bluetooth headset work with skype . a . at this time skype doesnt support bluetooth devices . i am unable to comment on when or if this will be added
i just got a jawbone icon and it is working perfectly with all tab features and skype mobile on my tab and my husband 's droid x . skype even rings to the bt headset . my tab is on verizon if that matters to anyone .
i have a sony stereo bluetooth that is working on all the audio apps so far , including skype . it is the ( sony ) dr-bt10cx . i hope this helps . fardroid
i also have the proble second problem , and i found the skype staff said :skype doesnt currently support routing the audio to a bluetooth device . http://forum.skype.com/index.php?showtopic=726263st=0gopid=3271265 maybe this is the reason . . .
there are multiple things which can be done : device encryption ( to assure all your data is stored encrypted ) install anti-theft software ( to track and , if necessary , remote-wipe a lost device ) activate google 's device manager on your device ( and make sure it works , as it not always does ) to photograph the " perpetrator " , you might want to take a look at  gotya ! face trap ! , which fires at failed logins ( but requires a front-facing camera to do so ) : one of the most well known anti-theft solutions is e.g. included with lookout security and antivirus , but the playstore offers a lot of alternatives to this . for keeping a copy of your important data off-device , you might use some cloud synchronization service ( or a similar thing to sync with your own machine ( s ) at home ) . when storing data in the cloud , you might prefer using encryption ; wuala is one possible solution which encrypts your data before it is transfered into the cloud .
updating dd-wrt to the latest build ( 15778 - d-link 615 d2 ) fixed it for me .
if my understanding of your question is correct , your current system-cropped wallpaper is located at /data/system/users/0 under a filename of wallpaper .
i have the original transformer eee pad ( great device highly recommend any version of transformer tablets ) . i actually took it to europe this summer ( i live in the us ) and it worked fine except for a couple of things : -as znewman said , you will have to get a converter for the charger ( if you plan to plug it into any sort of outlet ) . -i believe the google play store may be slightly different . i know in france it was ( content such as music and books were unavailable when i tried to access google play from my tablet in france ( i did not try it in the uk ) . it is very possible that this is not the case in the uk but you should be aware of it . yes , gps and wifi work just as well . i tried both in england with out a hitch . hope this helps clear things up .
the transformer pad infinity itself would function fine in the uk . you would probably have an issue with the us charger and would need to get an adapter or charge via usb . as far as i can tell gps and wifi should work the same no matter where in the world you are .
i found a nice solution with hacker 's keyboard it is free available in the google store and you can choose between many keyboard languages . the nicest thing for me is that , even if i choose the croatian language , i can still easily write german umlauts , which i need as i live in switzerland .
i found an app called panic alert button which does exactly what i was looking for .
check out withu app withu connects you with your family and friends in any problem . withu is an emergency app that , at the click of the start button begins sending out alert messages in every 2 minutes to your contacts that you saved into the app as the receivers or guardians . enter contacts numbers of people whom you wanna inform whenever you are in trouble . if you feel unsafe , distress , just press green start button , it will send sms ( with your location and time ) to the saved numbers . the message says " i am in problem . please help me . my location is ( your current location ) " . even if you have not internet connectivity , it send sms to your contacts with message " i am in problem . please help me " . you can place the button on your homescreen .
if you took a backup of your rom before updating , then you can restore the backup . alternatively , if your phone is rooted then you can download a stock jelly bean rom from somewhere like xda and flash it .
sounds like a hardware problem ( assuming the lines extend all the way across the screen ) . could just be a bad connection .
what system are you running the emulator on ? at the moment , it just seems like your system is probably too slow to run the emulator . the emulator is very resource intensive , and unless you have a high end machine it is going to be very slow . for the start , you had want to start with a smaller screen resolution . tablet-sized screen resolution is practically impossible to emulate unless you have a very high-end machine , try wqvga size . next check how much ram you allocate for the virtual machine , if it exceeds the amount of free ram you usually have when you do not have the emulator running , then it is going to be very slow due to heavy swapping . also , close other applications running on the system to free up resources .
building cyanogenmod requires developers tools and knowledge in actually converting the program source into binary code designated for your selected device/handset . installing cyanogenmod is just putting the actual zip of the rom onto the sdcard and flashing it via clockworkmod recovery which performs the install and prepares the environment on next reboot , this is somewhat , a once-off operation , unless you are into flashing roms on a regular basis .
the notify when updates are available option has no effect on auto updating apps . you need to disable " auto update apps " right below that option . also , in the play store , go to the camera app listing and tap the menu button ( either physical menu key if equipped or the 3-dot menu in the top right ) and make sure " auto update " is not checked for the camera app . this should prevent it from updating . keep in mind this update will still appear in your list of app updates in the play store , so you will be unable to use the " update all " function since this will include the camera app in the apps to be updated .
you should check with the manufacturer of your device if they have an official upgrade available . if so , they will either provide the download ( with installation instructions ) themselves , or forward you to your carrier 's support . if there is no official upgrade , your only option is to find out if there are any 3rd-party roms available from android community developers . best places to look for such roms are xda-developers forums or rootzwiki , for example . keep in mind that installing custom roms usually involves modifications to your phone that will void your warranty with the carrier and/or manufacturer .
i can personally recommend free forever gone ( sd card cleaner ) . it is not paid app and it has : much better rating no suspicious permissions 100x times bigger user base often updates
there is an app for this called secure deletion for android , which can be used to overwrite the data . another way to obfuscate the data would be to encrypt the device before using factory reset . this encrypts all your data , and after the device is reset , it will be very unlikely that the data can be recovered .
sim cards only support one number for each contact , so you should be better off exporting the contacts on your micromax device as contacts . vcf ( export to sd card / something like that ) and opening the vcf on your moto g to commence import .
move them in another way for example you can sync your contacts with your gmail account and when you add your gmail account to the moto g the contacts will be automatically trasfered this is the best way you can also try wondershare mobiletrans
forgot i still had this thread open . it looks like i was suffering from a rather well known " feature " of android 4.4 ( i avoided it because running 4.2 , but i guess it applying to this version as well ) . after rooting i just had to go through this procedure to manually edit : /system/etc/permissions/platform . xml and reboot and now its working . yay .
i also have the a727 . : ) it appears that whoever designed the system should have been more careful with how he named stuff -- the internal hard drive is called " sdcard , " as you mentioned in your question . to use the sd card on your tablet , you need to hit the " sd card " button on the top of the screen ( using the built-in file manager ) , as in the picture shown below . there you can see the folder labelled " extsd " = external sd card . ( as opposed to the internal one ? ) then , when you open that folder , you can access the files on your sd card . enjoy ! : )
this is dependent on the carrier . uma is the form of radio that allows the sending of traditional texts and mms over wifi . t-mobile in the us is the carrier who has it , as for where you are , i would check with your provider .
i dont think it is possible , since the data is sent through the cell network and not through a traditional wi-fi style internet connection .
i think that most ( smart ) phones do not know how to create a separate ip socket to send/receive mms over wifi . so they revert by default to the data socket provided by the carrier . or they may not have the ability to switch between two different sockets automatically . if you do root your phone and change the default mms ip socket , you may lose all mms connectivity depending on the phone .
it could be done technically . afaik all communication between mms enabled components is done via standard tcp/ip . but in a regular provider setup the mms store and forward server ( s ) ( mmsc ) are only reachable via the providers network . that is why you can not send and receive mms via wifi . it is also the reason why you can not make a call and send/receive an mms simultaneously when you have only 2g ( gprs/edge ) connectivity . normally android will drop the gsm data connection if there is wifi connectivity and all data will be routed through the wifi interface , but there is one exception : the mms traffic will still go through the mobile data connection .
your network probably uses a separate mms apn for multimedia messaging , and these are restricted to the operator 's own network , so the messages can not be received via wifi . also , the messages are directed to your phone number so this could be compared to using sip/voip through your regular phone number . if there is an active wifi connection , it is ignored and packet data is used instead ( if enabled ) .
as others have mentioned , the only way to receive a mms directed toward the number serviced by your carrier is for you to be connected to their service . however , you might consider a service such as google voice . google voice provides an alternative number that is then routed to your phone . currently google voice only supports sms , but there may be other services that offer mms support . a sms message sent to your google voice number would then be visible in the google voice app , even if you only have a wifi connection .
i believe the ' search applications provider ' has something to do with google 's internal phone data / app search apk either way : have you tried going into : settings > applications > manage applications > google search choose ' clear data ' and also ' clear cache ' . also there is an app in the list called : ' search applications provider ' linky , if your really struggling try uninstalling it . from the page linked it looks like other people have ! ( i have also read some other people back it up and freeze it with titanium backup ( ( i.e. . it is like a safe uninstall ) ) )
the gpsfix app is known for this kind of spam ( see its comments on the playstore ) , even antivirus/antimalware apps classify it as adware ( taken from those comments , again ) . hence , my recommendation is : optionally post a comment on the playstore to warn other users uninstall that app delete that icon ( do not " start " it , as you cannot know where it takes you -- it might introduce more problems ) these kind of trouble-makers are no unknowns . please see the questions tagged malware to find similar reports . the playstore has enough replacement apps not offering those " unwanted side-effects " ( take e.g. a look at gps status and toolbox ) . so no need to shed any crocodile tears over that one app : )
the phone should be in download mode : take out the battery plug into usb ( apparently skip this if you have an i9000 -- see comments ) while holding both volume buttons ( note , you may need to hold home+voldown instead ) insert the battery click the power button phone should go into download mode after a few seconds : you may need to disconnect from and reconnect it to the computer after this for odin to see it .
load the kernel . zip file into the pda field of odin , and ( if you have it , should have come with odin ) load the 512 . pit file into the pit field of odin . then flash it just like you did for the froyo rom . a stock rom is just a rom that is not modified by anyone , it came straight from samsung . if you are not using a lagfix already , you probably do not need a stock rom however . you should be able to find one easily enough in the xda subforum for your device , if you want it ; use js5 , since that is what the kernel is based on . your paid apps are recorded in your google account . you will never lose your purchase rights to them ( barring any service suspensions and that sort of thing ) . you can , however , use something like titanium backup to back them up ( requires root ) . you can back up the entire device using clockworkmod / nandroid ; look for rom manager in the market ( requires root ) . one question : why are you using that over straight voodoo ? voodoo 's perfect , and i believe supercurio has taken stock kernels and added only voodoo so you do not get any other random stuff .
in short : you can not be assured that an app will not phone home without further steps . not on android nor on ios , period . if you want to minimise your risk , only install official play apps through the store itself , see their permission grants upon install and stick only to popular/high volume apps or to big publishers . google 's play store is less curated than apple 's one . additionally , android allows to access much more apis than ios does ( e . g . replacing the keyboard or stock sms app and so on ) . also google allows you to install apps from other sources in contrast to apple . most people see this as more freedom ( not meant cynically ) while it has its drawbacks . in early 2012 , google announced its bouncer , an internal google play malware scanner service that all submitted apps have to pass before they get published . starting with android 4.2 google also announced an option to have all installed apps remotely checked for malware by google ( regardless if from google 's play store or not ) . while i personally do not like them ( for their bloat and battery sucking ) , you can install antivirus software like avast . for improved battery , switch off everything realtime and only have it scan newly installed apps . if you are rooted you can do more : install an outbound per-app internet firewall ( droidwall ) control/withdraw permissions ( lbe , privacy blocker , pdroid , permissions denied ) install an ad blocker ( adaway )
answer , no . not all play store applications are safe . the reason behind this is that google does not screen apps entered to the google play store - they just appear , with no verification process . it is the responsibility of the user to judge whether or not an app is safe to install - and the permissions help you with that . if you have an app that is a calculator , you would be wise to be suspicious if it asked for the read sms permission . so , there is not a way to tell if it misuses the permission or not - and those are the risks . google does delete apps from google play from time to time , however it is never publicized when they do , and it is normally because they are : viruses go against their terms hacking tools so the only thing you can do is use your common sense .
this is a known issue with the market / apps accounts . i believe google has upgraded some apps accounts to allow market purchases , but if yours has not been upgraded then i believe you are out of luck and should create a regular google account to use with the market .
turn it off and then , when you are turning it on press power + q in same time .
odin , firmware , no battery no usb cord , put the battery on , power+e for 10 seconds , connect to pc , and odin maybe will recognize it .
not aware , but a quick check in the playstore shows there are several bicycle apps supporting " ant+ sensors " for speed and other things . take e.g. a look at ipbike ant+ bike computer , ant+ bike display demo , ipbikekey , and others . starting point : ant+ playstore search : ) please note that , as ifor pointed out in his comment , that this requires special support from the android device 's hardware . details can be found e.g. at the ipbike page .
steps i have used in the past for this kind of issue : check your usb cable - some are no good for data . ( this is frequently the issue when my computer can not see my phone ) reboot everything you say the drivers are not installing - what is the issue there ? try manually installing the drivers .
try to delete the gtalk application data : Settings -&gt; Application -&gt; Application Settings choose the gtalk app and press delete data .
this sounds like an issue with summer time vs daylight savings time ? most parts of the world are still running on summer time right now , which is generally +1 hour to your actual time zone . as well as checking your phone 's time zone , check to see if you have the correct settings for summer time/daylight savings set .
proxy . mvno . tracfone . com make sure that the letter p is on upper case and this is an old apn settings your internet is slow on this kind of apn use the current lte one
well , it might be that you have a lot of stuff that filled up your storage . deleting a little might not help . try deleting some stuff like , videos you made from camera , apps you never used , or other . if your not comfortable with it , then you have to try get an sd card . it can be your only solution .
i had this error , and after clearing up some memory i was able to install apps again . i guess it is a feature : if your available memory is less than 500 mb , it wont install anything .
duplicate of play store 4.9.13 insufficient storage error and icon issues but my rep can not comment yet , so i will repeat my answer : the correct answer to this problem , and i always see wrong explanations , is that you have a duplicate /data/app-lib folder for the app or apps that are giving you that error . to fix : using adb , terminal , or root explorer : compare /data/app to /data/app-lib you will see , for example : /data/app/example-app-1 . apk /data/app-lib/example-app-1 /data/app-lib/example-app-2 or /data/app/example-app-2 . apk /data/app-lib/example-app-1 /data/app-lib/example-app-2 so for 1st example remove directory : /data/app-lib/example-app-2 and for 2nd example remove directory : /data/app-lib/example-app-1 then your app will install just fine ! always remember to keep the same numbers , if the apk is 1 remove 2 . . . if the apk is 2 remove 1 !
lars aronsson over at androinica seems to think you can using an app called silent boot ( though others disagree ) . also suggested is android assistant which is supposed to automatically turning down the system volume before the phone power cycles . i have not tried any of them personally - give ' em a try , ymmv .
i am not familiar with that particular distribution . however , in general unless the build you installed contains the " google experience " apps ( or if there is a separate market package for it , ) you will not be able to use the official android market front-end to send apps to your virtual device . there are some alternate markets , such as amazon appstore , getjar , slideme , etc . most will require you to download and install their own market app in order to get other apps . if you already have apks of the apps , you should be able to side-load them either via adb shell ( from android sdk ) , or via the bundled package installer by executing the apk from the storage area with some sort of a file system browser ( if included with the build . )
i do apologize if i misunderstood your question , but if you just want to be able to install apps from the play store , you could use a free online service called evozi . it lets you download apks directly from the play store . you can install the app by opening the app package in your emulator . keep in mind however , that you would have to update the apps manually using this method . the only way to let apps auto update is by using a market app installed on your emulator .
you can only get google play apps on officially supported devices , which have the google play infrastructure pre-loaded . if you have an emulator , an overview of how to do this : install a " pirate " copy of the google apps from goo . im modify your build . prop so that you have a " supported " device linked to your account ( app developers will choose devices to officially support , so this may be per-app )
i would suggest looking at alternative input methods ( keyboard apps ) that specifically support portuguese language . i personally used anysoftkeyboard , which does have a portuguese language pack . there are many other similar keyboard apps on the market as well . you might need to get them elsewhere though , since your build most likely does not have the android market access .
the messages you sent will still reside in the recipient 's whatsapp even if you delete your whatsapp account .
no they wont be deleted and stored in a private whatsapp directory . when you again install whatsapp it will search for that content and if found you can reload all your contents with news version installed . and you do not have whatsoever any control on the messaged that you have already sent to other users they are stored locally on their side so just deleting your account does not make them vanish from other users device .
the messages will remain on the whatsapp interface . also , there is a history of all conversations in the whatsapp folder on your internal storage . you may also want to get rid of them , if you do not want backups of all of your messages . basically , once you send a message to someone they receive it and it goes to their storage , so you cannot delete those .
navigation has always been a part of the google maps application . the icon was essentially a convenience shortcut , but not a separate app , and was removed around july 2013 in the maps 7.0 update . it is possible you still had the old version of maps on your other rom . either that , or the rom author added some kind of shortcut " app " to re-create the old navigation icon or something of that nature . if you want to use your phone to navigate somewhere , open google maps and type the address in the search bar , then hit the button in the bottom right ( the exact text/icon may vary depending on distance ) . if you really want the separate navigation icon , you could possibly downgrade to a version of maps earlier than 7.0 . a custom launcher could also let you create a shortcut directly to the navigation activity on your desktop , but probably not in the app drawer . apex launcher , for example , can create a shortcut on your home screen by long pressing on an empty space on one of your home screens , then selecting Shortcuts -&gt; Activities -&gt; Maps -&gt; Navigation .
as your device is rooted i assume you can download nexus root toolkit to pull and push files , it automatically handles both , bootloader booting and fastboot , through adb , if however you did not have usb debugging enabled i cant help you .
i do not think the stock app will let you change the channel but it looks like other tethering apps will . try wireless tether for root users : features : . . . - ) settings for wifi-ssid , wifi-channel , " lan"-network and more .
changing the channel while creating a wireless hotspot is possible only after firmware modifications . however barnacle wifi tether reportedly does the job . it is open source .
have you enabled javascript in Settings -&gt; Advanced -&gt; Enable JavaScript ? the site works normally for me on ics stock browser on my galaxy s .
it turns out my probably was solved by something as simple as clearing my cache . which makes me feel pretty stupid , because i should have done that before even bothering to ask . i never suspected this could happen straight out of the box , guess i was wrong .
the sync option only controls whether changes are synchronized to and from that device : that is , if you add or delete a contact on the device , this change is reflected on other devices , and vice-versa . disabling sync just means the contacts that have already been synced to the device will get out of date when you change them . to control which contacts are shown , you need to go into the people app , then choose contacts to display from the overflow menu ( the three-dots in the top-right corner ) . then choose customise from the contacts to display dialog , and you can choose which groups of contacts from which accounts to show . when you create a new contact , you can choose from the menu at the top which google account to create it in ( or to keep it on the phone only ) . it remembers your previous selection , so if you only want to use one account , you only need to set it once .
the icon refers to that contact 's " availability": green : available . you are online and ready to chat . yellow : idle . your status automatically changes to idle when you are away from your computer for 15 minutes . you can not manually select to appear idle red : busy . this lets your contacts know you are busy and do not want to be interrupted grey : signed out of chat , or invisible . if you set your status to invisible , you will appear to be signed out of chat even when you are actually signed in . source : google chat support answer
how can i make my phone not fill up my phone agenda with my email contacts ? you can set it to only display contacts with phone numbers if that helps . in the contacts app , check the option : menu-> display options-> only contacts with phones
i am not sure how this works on morotola defy ( moto is known to replace the stock apps with their own versions ) , but in standard android installation ( 2.1 and above ) you can pick which groups are displayed in the dialer/contacts apps . launch the contacts app , then go to menu -> display options . under the " choose contacts to display " section , expand your google account and you should be able to un-check any group , which will hide its contacts .
my motorola droid 2 ( vzw ) has a similar problem . my contacts menu has a " display group " option . this shows several options : create a new group all contacts favorites user created groups facebook contacts google contacts phone contacts as you can see there is no way to specify google contacts that are not " other contacts " except to create my own groups . unfortunately whatever group i show does not become the default group that shows every time i open contacts . i have decided to solve the problem just by using workarounds . for the couple people i call the most i have widgets on the home screen to call that specific person . ( long press home screen -> motorola widgets -> contact quick tasks ) for the next tier of people ( i will call them more than once in a while ) i just use favorites . either long press home screen -> shortcuts -> dialer -> favorites . . . or just hit the call button and choose the favorites tab . when i have to resort to the full contacts listing i just start typing the person 's name and that narrows the list to a manageable size .
your screenshot is information regarding a specific app on an android device and how much space that app uses . saving a text file in /mnt/sdcard will not have an effect on the numbers you see here . depending on your phone and what version you have , you can usually go to Settings &gt; Storage to see you memory usage .
sipdroid that i what started with but after researching on it and from developers reviews i found that application has some missing functionality like multiple call and transferring calls etc . . . i do not know but may who is expert in sip stack or have time to do can implement missing functionality but i am neither one of them so my desire to get an application that have all this functionality and by modifying it i can integrate into my application and csipsimple is the answer . however its not easy job to build csipsimple into windows environment but there is hack how to do it . so carefully read its wiki about building project into window environment . according to wiki you can build native library or you can go ahead without building the native library . i suggest for windows user to go with without building the native library . if you have read wiki then in " without building the native library " section last line is like " to get the . so files , download latest nightly build from nightly build website and unpack the apk file ( apk files are just zip files ) . then get lib/arch/ . so files and copy it into csipsimple libs/arch/ . so " i have to clarify one important thing about that : first get . apk file of csipsimple . the version of . apk file must same to download version of your csipsimple source code . . here , you can see the source code version . download the same version . apk and do further as described in wiki .
just want to point out that it is a little different from the accepted answer on my phone , although i could not have found it without the accepted answer . on mine , i : go to the phone app went to settings quick responses hope that helps .
1 ) go to phone app 2 ) tap overflow menu ( triple verticle dots ) > settings 3 ) tap quick responses
this is the entire purpose of the guardian project . follow their progress - they are working on applications at the moment but they are doing good work and they are attempting to make an android version with transparent encryption .
apps typically write to the application storage area which is located in the phone memory , not to the sd card . android 3 and later devices can perform encryption of the complete phone memory . in order to enable this feature , press settings -> security and there press encrypt phone . you must have a lock screen pin or password set up for this to work .
for anyone who stumbles upon this topic . motorola seems to offer a solution for full storage encryption of internal and sd card . link : https://motorola-enterprise.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/57094
as of july 2014 , i have found the following options for sd card encryption : boxcryptor - not open source ; developed by german company ; supports sync with cloud storage ; unclear if they have received a backdoor request cryptonite - open source ; supports mounting truecrypt volumes ; no backdoor request yet
" secureexchange " " com . data . secureexchange " is an application which encrypts/decrypts your private data
the samsung galaxy s has the ability to support a non standard filesystems . hacking a filesystem together with encryption should be possible but probably takes a lot of time and as far as i know isnt available off the shelf atm .
the folders are already there , by default your inbox is shown , while inside your inbox , choose menu => folders and you will see a list of all your corporate folders . pick one to switch to viewing it .
you have to remove the automatically added server " hermes . jabber . org " . just leave the field empty . see https://dev.guardianproject.info/issues/2803
well , it is open source so you can look at the code and build it yourself if for any reason you do not trust the binaries that are shared . i believe the only data they collect is from crash logs , and maybe the number of installs ( i can not find a source for this if anyone can help me out here ) . other than that , a lot of people use it as it is probably the most popular rom out there . if there were privacy issues , people would be all over it .
i would say the biggest issue with a lot of custom roms including cyanogen 's is that the os and system apps are signed with test keys . these keys are publicly available , meaning that it is possible for someone to write an app that uses " signatureorsystem " or " signature " level permissions . there are known cases of malware that targets these custom roms [ 1,2 ] . on a more positive note , if you run a rooted devices , you can do things like set up a host file to block ads , enable a firewall per application , selectively disable permissions , etc . custom roms often ship with newer kernels , so a lot of security vulnerabilities that are kernel-based are dealt with faster than what google can do . [ 1 ] http://www.cs.ncsu.edu/faculty/jiang/fjcon/ [ 2 ] http://blog.mylookout.com/blog/2011/06/15/security-alert-malware-found-targeting-custom-roms-jsmshider/
i have been looking for automated network switching for years , and i had always thought that this kind of behaviour was only possible using cyanogen ( or similar ) roms . anyway , i recently found some threads on xda that suggest that this might not be true . first , it seems that in sony devices it is possible to tweak the system to show a 2g/3g toggle : http://www.xda-developers.com/android/serajr-power-toggles-brings-settings-to-the-small-app-world/ and there is also this other thread that shows you how to " open " any rom ( even stock ) so 2g/3g switching is possible . i do not fully understand the process , but as far as i see it should even work with tasker : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1731187 all methods require rooting the phone , though , which i think is unavoidable .
you can create a shortcut with any autotouch automation application that does this and place shortcut on your home screen
with xposed module and gravity box installed , the pull down status bar can be customised even on stock rom ( of course it has to be rooted ) . i have a nexus 5 running stock 4.4.4 and following is how it looks : with these installed , one can swipe down with two fingers from top and just tap the last tile shown as "3g " in the image . though this nearly misses the first requirement of using no more than one tap , technically it still does as you have swipe down and use one tap . that tile toggles between 3g , 2g , 2g3g states . there is a minor lag to see the signal strength tile to reflect the status as " h+" or " e " . by installing the gravity box , i was also able to bring in the additional tiles like " torch on/off " , " auto rotate lock " etc which were not available in the stock rom . update : thanks to jsen who was kind enough to share an intent to switch between 2g and 3g using tasker and gravity box ( that implies xposed framework and rooting ) . to avoid a dead link in future , the content of that tasker hack is as below : in my office , i have very bad 2g signal which drops my call very frequently . hence i used to switch to 3g when i reach office . i created an entry task named " enable 2g " and an exit task named " enable 3g " which just sends intent as above . with tasker 's " cell near " state i can ask tasker to enable 3g when i am near office and switch back to 2g while leaving .
i have found you can use fastboot without affecting cwm . sudo /path/to/fastboot boot boot.img  or sudo /path/to/fastboot flash:raw boot /path/to/zImage /path/to/ramdisk.img 
the required part of a kernel . zip file looks like this : META-INF com google android update-binary updater-script  you will also want to have the kernel zImage file somewhere else , easiest if you just have it in the root of the archive . updater-script contains the following at minimum ( assumes zImage in the root ) : assert(package_extract_file("zImage", "/tmp/zImage"); write_raw_image("/tmp/zImage", "/dev/block/mmcblk0p8"); delete("/tmp/zImage") );  you can also do things like show a progress bar , print messages , wipe /cache , and so on . you will want to grab update-binary from another kernel package for the sgs2 . one at random is attached to this xda post . i tested this method on my sgs vibrant without issue , using a kernel from an odin package and an update-binary from another vibrant kernel . zip . note that this is perfectly safe as long as you are writing to the correct partition -- for the vibrant it was bml17 , for the sgs2 it appears to be mmcblk0p5 ( based on the kernel from xda i linked above ) or mmcblk0p8 if you are flashing an entire boot image ( see comments below ) . you will want to verify it for sure . worst case your kernel does not work and you flash a known good one .
go into the gmail app . from the overflow menu ( the three dots in the corner ) , choose settings . in the settings window , choose the gmail account you are using . ( if you have more than one account , do the following for each in turn . ) notifications is the third option down . turning it off will disable mail notifications . in general , you should look for a notification setting inside the app first , and use the settings app 's show notifications option as a last resort for apps that will not behave . if you disable notifications within an app , it can save battery power by not creating the notification at all , and possibly by turning off some background syncing in that app . if you use android 's override , the app still fetches all the data and creates the notification , which wastes battery power when android throws the notification away . as a footnote , i guess that the reason you can not find gmail in the apps list is that you are looking in the list of downloaded apps . that list does not show apps that came with the phone . swipe right twice from that list to see the list of all apps , which includes gmail . you can also get to the app info quickly by long-pressing a notification from that app and clicking app info .
quick fix is Settings-&gt; apps-&gt; all apps-&gt; google maps-&gt; uninstall update
try checking the " drafts " folder on both your phone and via the web interface for gmail ; if it is in there , you can just delete it .
try checking the " drafts " folder on both your phone and via the web interface for gmail ; if it is in there , you can just delete it . failing that , a reboot may clear things out . if not , try clearing the app 's cache manually by going in to Settings-&gt;Applications-&gt;Manage Applications , touching the All tab , and scrolling down to the name of your email program . touch it to call up the app management tools , and then touch the Clear cache button . do not touch the Clear data button or it will delete all your account settings , too .
digital , you need to be more clear about your intentions . what are you trying to telnet to/from ? if you want to telnet to your phone , it is not as easy as running telnet on your computer by entering your phone 's ip address . you have to run a telnet server on the phone -- otherwise the connection is refused . the best way to tell if you are actually rooted is by using terminal emulator . when you run term you will see a "$" , this is a user prompt , where you type in commands . the "$" means you are a normal user , not root . however , if you type " su " and hit enter and you end up with a "#" prompt , that means you are superuser ( root ) . if you can successfully get a superuser prompt , you are properly rooted . ( you might get a superuser permissions request for term when you first run " su" ) . once you are on a superuser prompt you can run a telnet/ssh server ( telnet is not recommended , as it is insecure ) . to see if you have an ssh server installed on your phone ( you should already if you run a mod , otherwise you will probably have to install one manually ) , type the following command ( as root ) in term : find / -name dropbear  it should return "/system/xbin/dropbear " , unless your mod has a slightly different filesys structure , in which case it might return a slightly different string , or error out altogether . if you do have dropbear , you can continue reading ( otherwise install dropbear first , then continue from here ) . now , as root in term ( make sure you have the "#" prompt , or type " whoami " to see what your username is ) , enter the following commands one at a time ( stop if any give an error ) . be very cautious when entering commands as root ! make sure you type everything exact including proper case . if the above commands were successful enter the following commands to complete the process : sync mount -o remount,ro -t yaffs2 /dev/block/mtdblock4 /system  you now have ssh server capability on your android device . note that this does not mean you are running and ssh server at this point , only that you are capable . to run your ssh server , first enter the following ( again , as root ) in term : dropbear -p WANIP  ( replace " wanip " with the external ip of your phone -- the ip you want to ssh in to ) your ssh server should now be running . you can check this by typing : ps|grep dropbear  it should return a line that ends with the word " dropbear " note depending on your version of android or mod , some of these steps may vary . if you encounter a problem ( dropbear does not run , or you can not ssh in ) , first check if dropbear is still running ( above command ) and then run " dropbear -e " to see why it will not start if it is not running . i am more than willing to answer any further questions you may have . happy hacking !
afaik , mostly port 1-1024 on android phone are reserved for system , so the application other than system must use port > 1024 . i never use telnet , but i used ssh frequently to remote my phone , i use ssh server on phone using http://teslacoilsw.com/quicksshd maybe you can use ssh as an alternative to telnet .
first off , read this thread on xda forums to make sure you are properly rooted . if you are positive you are properly and fully rooted then what app are you using ? i have never heard of the app telnet . try swiftp . it is easily configurable and has always worked on my rooted devices .
first , i would report that app as fraud to google : such behavior imho contradicts with their rules ( you can also give the appmaker the option to either have you removed from that subscription , or you would report  with the latter resulting in his app being removed from play ) . second , if you do not need premium sms services in general , check with your provider to have them removed altogether . if you can convince them you cannot unsubscribe due to fraudulent behavior of an app having you subscribed to and not letting you unsubscribe , it is their duty to take care for it ( to do so , they do not need to reveal that " servicename " to you , as long as they stop charging you ) . otherwise you could report them to the corresponding regulation office . having premium services disabled altogether should stop them from charging you . after that , if you do not want to read messages coming from that dubious service , you can simply put their number on your blacklist .
what you describe is a mix of multiple problems . first , your apps becoming " unavailable " is most likely due to apps2sd being used , and you installed those on your sd card . see : how to undo apps2sd second thing is your card itself ( hardware , the " thing you put inside your device" ) . if it goes broke that often , this rises some hardware related questions . most likely possibilities : your card is broken your devices card adapter is broken something with your card controller is broken you can check 1 . easily in different ways : a . check whether your card causes problems in other devices b . check whether other cards cause the same problems with your sgs if ( a but not b ) => use a new card ( case 1 . ) if ( b but not a ) => have your device checked ( for either 2 . or 3 . ) . hopefully you have got some warranty left . other useful q and as on this site which might prove helpful to you include ( but are not limited to ) : why has my micro sd card suddenly stopped working in my samsung galaxy siii ? micro sd card physically damaged ? how to fix damaged sd card ? fix a damaged microsd card ?
it does not matter where you put them . a convenient place usually is the ( internal or external ) sd card , where you simply could create a Photos folder , and extract your photos to . the gallery app simply checks the devices media database , it does not check the directories directly . this database gets fed by the so-called media scanner , which gets triggered by different system events , such as immediately after a completed boot , or whenever the sd card gets mounted . this is why you do not see the extracted images immediately . see my answer here for how to trigger it " on demand " ( hint : for kitkat , try the sd scanner app ) .
you have to sync your google calender after you add the events to your calender . settings> google account> sync calender after that refresh google now , it should show the calenders .
if your network is correctly setup , and both devices are on the same network then you can ping an android device just fine . i have just tested it on my office network . if your network administrator has configured the network such that devices can not ping each other , then obviously it will not work . similarly , it probably will not work if your phone is on mobile data , since most carriers do not allow incoming pings to devices on their network . connecting the device with usb makes no difference at all : pinging is a network operation , so it goes over the network connecting the two devices .
adbwireless is a great debugging tool if you can not use the usb port . it requires a rooted device . connect with adb as shown on screen and use adb as usuallty . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=siir.es.adbwirelesshl=en
i do not own a galaxy s2 . however , i can tell you some steps that you can try . so let me know how it helps . it will be like trial and error . please tell me what happens when you try this , i will accordingly update the answer . so first things first , i think it is a problem related to getting ip address . so first , try changing ip address manually . here 's a youtube video that will guide you in doing this . ( not my video ) try it and see how it helps .
i think it is kind of a caching ip address error . if you have been connected before the phone does not try to obtain an ip address because the one it got before is still assigned by the network . what usually works for me is to connect to another network . i have plenty of open networks around where i live . this will make the phone to obtain a new ip address for the new network and delete the old one . now simply connect to your network again and the phone will try to obtain a new ip address and will actually communicate with the dhcp . worked for my galaxy s2 . hope it will help you too .
thanks a lot . this fixed it for me too . goto : Settings --&gt; Applications --&gt; All --&gt; Software Update . clear all the data and restart the device , this should work without trouble .
i believe it closes the popup alert but leaves the message marked unread , whereas the close button ( the X ) will mark it as read and close the popup . edit : this seems to be supported by this comment from their website .
apparently , google now uses the " my calendars " section of google calendars . when my wife 's calendar was shared with me , i was granted " make changes and manage sharing " rights . this puts the calendar into " my calendars " for both users ' calendars . when i changed it to " make changes to events " on my wife 's sharing tab , the calendar moves from " my calendars " to " other calendars " for my account and i no longer get notifications in google now for that calendar .
instead of synchronizing her calendar to your phone , try setting her calendar " shared " and then subscribing to it from your own google calendar . when you subscribe , i believe you can set it to not pull in the reminders .
i have my own galaxy s3 and i found that this solution worked great for me : go to your gs3s dialer and dial *#0011# now you have to hit the left menu button when you see the service mode screen choose wifi turn off the wifi power save mode button if its on now exit this menu . turn off and turn on your wifi . re-enter the network info if you have already entered it before .
you can also assign your custom application to search+key : [ source : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=26105269postcount=3 ] must be using either nova or apex launcher long press on home screen and select shortcuts select activities ( for whichever launcher you are using nova or apex ) scroll down and select settings scroll down and select quick launch ( the first one ) and it should create the shortcut icon on your desktop
the factory reset failed to format /data ( and thus most likely left the old encryption in place ) . having formatted /data manually , the factory reset finally could complete successfully , and the new version of cyanogenmod showed up .
this looks like a corrupted file . you most probably pulled the cable before everything was written to disk . compare original and copied file by calculating both md5sums and see if they match : open office ' site has a comprehensive guide how to do that on windows and linux ( same on macos ) . http://www.openoffice.org/dev_docs/using_md5sums.html
i solved it by downloading es file explorer from the play store ( it is free ) , then put the videos that will not copy in a zip file - which you copy to your android device and extract them there . i successfully played those videos using the vlc beta version .
if your previous device was setup to backup your personal data such as wifi passwords , browser bookmarks , user dictionary , a list of installed market applications and other customized settings , all is backed up to google 's servers . the automatic restore feature must be enabled to allow your phone to contact google 's servers an retrieve the previous backup data . so , carefully , access the settings panel by : stating at your home screen , select apps ; select settings ; go to personal section , select backup and reset ; from the backup and restore section configure what you need : ensure the appropriate account is selected from the backup account field before attempting any configuration settings . some important considerations : a setting is enabled when a check mark is present . if data back up is disabled , existing backups are deleted from google 's servers . useful and related reading : backup and restore service : android google backup and restore options - galaxy nexus by samsung
i found this page on google 's support site which states the following about restoring your phone 's settings during the initial setup : " important : if you want to restore your settings , you must do that now during setup . you cant restore data after setup is complete . " based on this , i am guessing there is no way to restore my account data at this point , short of doing a factory reset on the phone and starting over ( undesirable at this point ) . i would love to be wrong though .
the little arrow with the - means that you have status bar notifications disabled , which is why you are no longer seeing them . if you pull down the notification shade and then swipe the buttons to the right ( i believe it is to the right anyway , check both directions ) there should be a toggle to re-enable them :
try deleting it from your google contacts . if it is not in your google contacts , it probably came from another source , like facebook or twitter . you should also be able to hide contacts that do not have a phone number , so as a last ditch effort , that may be good enough for you .
ics has issues on some devices with wireless-n . my acer a500 works properly , but my 2 xperia phones kill my router instantly if i use the n-draft protocol . so , try deactivating n-draft mode in your android device or your router , then it sohuld work .
this sounds a lot to me like a sort of push notification system . the way i have implement this into my own foot print is to use growl/libnotify on the desktop and notify my android which allows me to have a central cloud based datastore for my alerts . there is also the option of just emailing all your devices/contacts instead . one can find a email to sms email address list which lists the domains you would need to send a message to for your sms/mms communication to be transmitted .
try mysms . this is a really nice tool and allows you to send , reply , and delete messages from your browser .
to add to the answer above : titanium backup from play store you can install this , and it will have root > ok "-> tap for more information &lt ; - . " once you click on this it will display whether your root is correct and your current busybox version . alternatively , using terminal commands like in the accepted answer , you may need to enter the superuser command first with " su " in the terminal emulator of your choice . the prompt will change to a # sign to show you are now in superuser . the alternative sudo , will give superuser on a command by command basis , e.g. sudo busybox . as with the op , sometimes reflashing the rom is the easiest or you can use the busy box installer from play store . ( i have not tried this personally )
" how do i know if i have busybox ? " open terminal emulator and type " busybox " . if it gives you a giant list of command options , it is installed . if it says " command not found " , it is not . edit rather than putting this in the comments : you could also try su to become root followed by busybox , busybox --version , busybox --help or anything that will give you some feedback and some clues as to what is going on .
i had the same problem , tried cleaning cache and data with no result . so i went in settings > applications > manage apps > all , picked the download manager and " uninstalled the updates " . it told me the app would reset to factory settings , and when i started the phone again , it was running marketplace 3.4.4 and i managed to update and install apps normally after that . disclaimer : i only tried that because i planed to do a factory reset if i broke everything . i do not guarantee the results .
short answer : yes , it is possible . different techniques can be used for this purpose ( some of them are described e.g. in andrew hoog 's book android forensics : investigation , analysis and mobile security for google android ) . it especially gets easy when usb debugging is turned on . long answer : please forgive me if i do not give this . just a hint : there are exploits , and there are custom recovery images . . .
it is possible , there are apps available that are designed for enterprise use such as surelock and mobicontrol ( go to device lockdown policy on this page ) that will restrict users to allowed applications only .
yes , these apps are called " device administrators " . you use the device administration api to write device admin applications that users install on their devices . the device admin application enforces the desired policies . a system administrator writes a device admin application that enforces remote/local device security policies . these policies could be hard-coded into the app , or the application could dynamically fetch policies from a third-party server .
the root method in the link is not compatible with android 4.0.4 . before you root - be sure you know what you are doing . to root the lucid 4g on 4.0.4 you can try the following method : http://theunlockr.com/2013/06/16/how-to-root-the-lg-lucid-4g-bin4ry-method/ but choose " xperia root by cubeundcube " instead of " normal mode "
i have recently started trying to teach myself how to ( properly ) use tasker so thought this could be a nice little project to try . harder than i thought . i could not manage to do exactly what you want and it is a pretty crude method but i will continue anyway . i thought if i put it out there , someone with more experience with tasker may be able to improve it . so i started by creating the task " delete last photo " . fortunately , doing this with tasker is very easy as it has a build in variable Last photo . now the hard bit i found was choosing a trigger . ideally it would be when you get confirmation of upload ( tasker does support http responses but that stuff is way over my head , if it is even relevant ) or when a photo is taken ( which i could not find as an event within tasker ) . so the way i settled on , and here comes the messy bit , was to have it run everytime the screen is turned on . i know this is a very poor trigger ( e . g . if you have no network connection it will delete the photo without uploading it ) but i could see no better options within tasker . i know this is far from the answer you will have been wanting but as there have been no other ( proper ) answers i thought i would get this in there , may give you or someone else a better idea .
just delete them from the gallery . i do not think there is a built-in function to do this .
the same happens for me . when i use the ' fastboot boot * . img ' command from my pc , the nexus s boots into some ( e . g . netarchy ) kernel , and everything except wifi works . i assume the problems lies with some kernel-modules ( which can actually be on the device memory , outside of the kernel ) which do not match the new kernel . since some of the modules ( e . g . for the gsm/gprs radio ) are closed source , they are not updated to match newer kernels . so you could try older kernel versions , or wait for updates from samsung
i fixed this by restoring only the android " boot " module from the original rom backup : i used the clockworkmod recovery which can also be installed from the rooted phone using the " rom manager " app . but instead of making a whole recovery , i simply went into advanced recovery options , selected the above mentioned backup folder , and selected to restore only the " boot " module : start clickworkmod recovery , select " backup and recovery " select " advanced recovery " select the image of the original backup ( see below ) select restore boot this post describes how to restore your nexus s to original stock android and provides a backup of the original rom : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=884093
no . it comes with a couple small booklets ( see this androidspin post for example images ) but not the full user guide . ( also see this howardforums post answering your question ) .
accuweather has two apps that give you " realfeel " - accuweather and accuweather quick .
the samsung n5110 is the galaxy note 8 . the " espresso10wifi " is a galaxy tab 2 10.1 ( your device ) . it is not flashing because you are flashing the wrong file for your device .
considering you are running the samsung stock ics go to " settings " then " bluetooth " , turn your bluetooth on , click the menu button ( the one left of the home button ) and click " device name " . then edit your device name .
got it fixed :d with thanks to izzy and chahk i did a lot of things so i am not sure if i write down every step i took , but i hope it will help other users someday . this is what i did . restore manger install a restore manager ( twrp/clockworkmod ) . i used twrp which i installed by using windroid universal htc toolkit : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2499926 ( if you still have a working rom , backup this now by booting in recovery mode ) flash rom check in cmd if your device is recognized with " adb devices " . if not try " adb kill-server " followed by " adb usb " . check again with " adb devices " . if recognized use " adb push cm-10.2.1-enrc2b . zip /sdcard/" ( or your own rom-name . zip ) flash kernel now you should flash your kernel , not like how i did it at the beginning . " fastboot flash boot boot . img " in cmd . ( check first if your device is visible with " fastboot devices " . extra tip install playstore with gapps or manually by moving " gmscore . apk + googleloginservice . apk " + " googleservicesframework . apk " to /system/app/ and run a playstore . apk ( in my case " com . android . vending-4.6.16 . apk" )
you can do this with adb ( android debug bridge ) . enable " usb debugging " on the phone ( settings > applications > development > usb debugging ) type adb reboot in a terminal in the directory where you installed adb platform-tools
hold the power button down until it shuts off . pull the battery out .
if it is not the overlapping wifi channels : a normal nandroid does include /system and /data , but i think you can just flash them separately . what you are referring as " firmware " is probably the /system partition . if you guys are using the twrp recovery , you should be able to add his entire twrp-created recovery onto your device , boot into twrp and start a restore , but simply uncheck all partitions except /system . i would make a nandroid backup before attempting this , as it should work , but i am not certain . if you guys are not using twrp , it is possible manually via a straight adb dd copy ( but . . . it is not perfect ) : http://www.modaco.com/topic/327661-how-to-backup-the-systemimg-bootimg-and-recoveryimg/ basically , as that thread states , on his device , use adb dd to copy a system . img from his phone onto his /sdcard . then , on your device , use adb dd to paste that system . img onto your phone . things that need answering : what partition block is /system on ( mtdxx ) and whether the pull will actually create a full system . img ( they note that this method does not always copy all of the /system partition ) .
first of all you need to install a sony pc companions in your pc and then connect the device through it . after this u can share , transfer the pic and docs . you can download it from sony xperia site which is easily available . rao saahil umar
most probably driver issue , following resources may help you http://talk.sonymobile.com/thread/42763?start=0tstart=0 http://www.priceandspecification.in/sony-xperia-u-pc-suite-pc-companion-software-download.html http://developer.sonymobile.com/downloads/drivers/
go to link provided below . it discribes how to update galaxy nexus via ota ( over the air ) . instructions
there are sevelar volume booster available on the google playstore , as e.g. speaker boost or volume booster ( for more alternatives , try this search ) . you might want to give one of them a try .
usually a bug is exploited to temporarily get a chosen process running as root , that is used to remount the file system read write , either startup scripts are changed and/or suid binaries added , then the file systems are synced and remounted read only again and likely the device is rebooted . you do not normally want to have the system partition writable on an android device , even when rooted - you only make it writable on the rare occasions when you are changing it . edit-summary of comments : it appears that /system on this device is cramfs , an inherently read-only compressed file system . likely a modified image would need to be generated on a pc and then flashed . search result for dealing with this problem on rockchip based devices : http://www.androidtablets.net/forum/rockchip-based/439-how-unpack-repack-custom-firmwares-rockchip-rk28xx.html
i just solved this issue , after a lot of search the normal picasa page takes you to google + and it does not show the empty folders etc . you have to use picasa mobile https://picasaweb.google.com/m login , and you can delete whatever you want
there is a tool in the play store that can manage picasa contents : perfect tool for picasa . and i could delete the extra directories using it .
turning the device off when you leave your car is possible : there are various apps , for example tasker , that can react to events on your phone , for example when the external power supply is switched off . also , there exists a command reboot -p that shuts the device down . ( but it needs root i think . ) tasker is able to run such a shell command , see here ( just ctrl+f for " run" ) . with this solution , whenever you switch off your car , the external power supply for the device will stop and your phone will power off . i do not know if there is a way to boot the phone with a command via usb if it is really switched off . if this is important for you , the best option is probably to just leave it on standby , as tomg suggested .
the " power " button on android tablets does not behave like that on a computer . it is really a control for whether the display is on or off , not the tablet , which is generally always on . you may be able to get what you want by setting the " stay awake while power is connected " setting under developer options , and setting the screen timeout to a short value under display settings ; if you connect the charging cable to a power source that goes on and off with the ignition , you should be good to go . if the standby time of your tablet is not enough to handle your typical time with the ignition off , you may want to use an app like tasker or locale to set additional rules , like turning wifi or cell connection off when the car 's power is off . if there is data you want to sync overnight , you could turn wifi on ( for example ) an hour before you leave for work . you may also want to disable the screen lock to minimize distractions while driving , but keep in mind the implication if you have any personal information on the tablet .
the emulator is a program on your computer like any other . the program can connect to the internet in just the same way firefox can . in particular , this means it makes no difference what kind of connection the host is using . from inside the emulator , there is a ' fake ' network driver . it appears to android like a mobile internet connection , but instead of communicating with a cellular modem , it is actually using the usual network api of your host os to send and receive data , just like firefox . it also does emulator-specific things like simulating packet loss .
i have followed this tutorial on my tf101 http://www.transformerforums.com/forum/asus-transformer-tf101-development/31927-frederuco-s-guide-root-rom-tf101.html and it works by the way , are talking about the tf101 ?
step 1 : download and install the android sdk , connect your device , and start adb : as of this stage , it shows one icon in your system tray . step 2 : enable usb debug mode click the system tray , wireless icon , settings and go to Applications -&gt; Development -&gt; USB Debugging . step 3 : play ? [ screen 1 ] [ screen 2 ] [ screen 3 ] Done. Your tablet is now rooted. Enjoy!. $ ./adb shell # su #  that works ! you are now rooted .
go to settings-> about phone -> status and scroll to bottom and you will be able to see uptime . i think this feature is available on android 4+
try typing this code in your dialer : ##786# or *#*#786#*#* if that does not work , install " launcher pro " . that app can show you hidden menus of your phone , which are the same menus that those two dialer codes should bring up .
click gallery > click any folder , e.g. camera > click any photo now the photo is shown full screen . click slideshow in the left-down of screen . ( it may be hidden . touch the screen to let it show . ) ( after a while ) touch the screen to stop rolling .
have you checked if reconnecting the lcd cable solves the issue ?
looks like a damaged lcd that is slowly " leaking out . " overheating could definitely be the culprit , as could the drop . although damage from the drop is usually accompanied with a visible crack . most likely it was the combination of the two . the fact that the phone booted up and is ( sort-of ) functional leads me to believe that replacing the lcd assembly would fix it . there are plenty of replacements to be had on ebay for up to usd$100 . i would go for the ldc+digitizer combination , even though the glass itself looks intact . there are simply too many issues with properly separating lcd from the glass that could cause you to break both and spend even more money . it is definitely doable on your own , provided you have some basic tools . there are videos on youtube with great walkthoughs to help you along the way : probably most detailed ( even though it is not on gt-i9100 , but on other modification of sgs2 ) ; some others specifically on gt-i9100 . a guide at ifixit can be also helpful .
there is no official way to install a " pure android " rom : the only official rom is that provided by the manufacturer . as sameer says in the comments , you can disable bloatware apps from the settings , with almost the same effect as uninstalling them . if you want to start from a clean slate , you should look for an aosp-based custom ( unofficial ) rom . although they are not always as reliable as the manufacturer 's rom , because they are made by third-party volunteers , for the more popular devices with better manufacturer support they can be very reliable and even better tuned than the original rom . start your search at where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ?
try this headset : http://www.amazon.com/dp/b00001p4xh/?tag=stackoverfl08-20 or try this application http://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=opotech.finevolumev2
root access or superuser is an apk that resides in /system/app . if you remove it with the rest of the apps , you lose root . as a possible workaround , you can try to run : &gt; adb root &gt; adb shell  and see if the shell that adb opens is $ ( normal user ) or # ( root ) . if you are logged as a normal user , i am afraid you will need to reinstall root in your phone . also , /system/app is like C:\Windows or /bin ( in linux ) , if you remove the files there , do not expect the device to run , as it will not have the necessary files to do so .
you are in stock recovery , not cwm recovery . cwm recovery does not verify signatures . you either failed to install the recovery properly , or you need to hit " install packages " or similar from the stock recovery in order to get into cwm .
if you see the # in the prompt , that means you have got root access . so i would assume the process to be finished then . browsing the linket xda thread : after this " step 6" comes a " big free space " , indicationg something new is starting . and in fact , step 7+8 describe the unlock process for the bootloader . so yes , if you were just after root , you have got it at that point .
full htc desire hd ( sense 3.0/android 2.3.5 ) guide to root , s-off/sim unlock that guide is a step by step instruction to have your device with root access , s-off and sim unlock . to achieve that you need to complete all the steps mentioned . answer : to have root access on your device , you can stop at the step you have mentioned . if you want to flash your device , you will need to complete all the steps . better insights what is root ? root , in the simplest terms , is the ability for an application to run with permissions that allow it to access everything . what is s-off ? in simplest terms , s-off on htc devices is the ability to flash unsigned code that modifies the kernel , boot , and radio partitions from recovery . unsigned code is code that has not come from htc directly , or has been modified in transit . having s-off does not mean that you have root . root is a function of a superuser application .
if you are using windows , usb should be your best bet . but several distros of linux does not support mtp protocol ( ics and above ) and hence , you can not mount your android to those computers . there are a number of methods which you can use for wireless file transfers . my favorites : install airdroid - this is a very simple app which converts your device into a lightweight web-server . after installation , connect your pc to your android over wifi hotspot or existing infrastructure wifi network . airdroid will give you a web address . just type it in your pc web browser and you would get a nice file management interface for your phone . use any ftp server for android ( like remote file management tool of es file explorer ) - the connectivity method is the same as mentioned above . here you can use ftp for file transfer over usb ( tethering mode ) or wifi ( hotspot mode ) . this is very handy if you are using ubuntu ( due to ftp client integration in nautilus ) . in ubuntu , press ctrl + l and type the ftp://:/ in file path . you should get full sd card mounted as network drive . i have been using the second method since past few months . since android wifi access point always gives the same ip , i have managed to put everything in a bash script to facilitate one click mount . bash script : #!/bin/sh nautilus ftp://&lt;device_ip&gt;:&lt;port_no&gt;/  do not forget to grant ' execute ' permission to your shell script ! sudo chmod 777 &lt;path_to_your_script&gt; 
email yourself the files . it is often the easiest solution .
when you connect your android phone to the windows pc you will get notification in notification in notification panel of android . tap on it and choose mobile device (MTP) to browse the contents of your phone both internal and external memory will be shown . the below link will give you a short description about it : http://blog.armazine.com/2012/how-to-change-from-mtp-to-mass-storage-mode-in-android-xperia-ray/
there are a lot of different ways to get files to/from computer to android device . here i would like to share three methods frequently used : 1 . transfer files using usb cable . 2 . wireless transfer using cloud storage . 3 . transfer files via wifi or mobile networks . the following is the detailed intro of these three ways . transfer files using usb cable the most direct and simplest way to transfer a file from your pc to android phone is using the usb cable . most of the phones we bought equip with a compatible cable , so theres no need for you to buy one . just connect your pc and your android using the cable , and you will see theres a message on the phone screen asking what do you want to do . choose the option that allows using the phone as a storage device , and youre good to go . transferring file is as simple as copying the file from your pc to a usb drive . note : the exact format of the message varies , depending on the manufacturer or your telecom carrier of your android phone , but different roads lead to the same destination . wireless transfer using cloud storage cloud storage is famous for online collaboration and easily sharing data across multiple devices , like file servers , desktops and mobile devices . so using cloud storage to transfer files is also a convenient way . most of the big players , such as dropbox , google drive and skydrive , provide free spaces to users , which is big enough to transfer your commonly used files . all you have to do is to register a free account . and install the pc client and app for your android phone . each app designates a hard drive folder , and anything saved on your pc will be automatically synced to the cloud and other devices . transfer files via wifi or mobile networks some people may think connecting android device to pc with the usb cable is annoying , or using the cloud services is not reliable enough , here i will introduce you another method , using wifi . most people have wifi networks at their workplace or home , so its really convenient . there are lots of apps allow you to use the wifi to transfer files . lets take one of them-wifi file transfer -for an example . all you have to do is type a specific url into the web browser of your computer , you can see your devices internal memory and sd card , from where you can download any files to your computer , or upload files to your phone . contrast of the three ways the limit of wifi file transfer and cloud storage is the size of the file , the free version of these apps limit the file size . you can transfer the music , pictures , movies , word document , etc by above two ways . for files with large size , you can use the usb cable directly . 6 ways ( via network ) are here
i am no linux buff but this macworld article seems promising assuming you know the uuid for the volume and do not mind working from the terminal . the article wisely recommends backing up the volume before messing around too much . also . . . googling for android+phone+uuid is returning links which are related to programming . perhaps retrieving the uuid from an android phone is a separate question for this problem .
after some months of additional observation , i am pretty certain that the accounts disappear when the free internal space gets low , usually when i am down to 12 mb or so . presumably , android tries to free up some internal space occupied by app data , and the accounts seem to be the first to go . due to the low internal storage , i have moved all apps to the external storage , so this might as well be a factor , as izzy mentions in the comments .
some of samsung devices does not support arabic even if it have ics ( android 4 ) , this usually happens if you ordered your device from outside ( like from amazon ) , if you want to add arabic , you will have to flash a rom that supports arabic ( like the official uae rom ) , if you bought the phone from an arabic country , talk to the salesman . for the keyboard just install any other keyboard from google play ( e . g go keyboard , swiftkey . . . etc )
if you have android 4 , arabic is already supported . you need only to get to setting then language system wide and change it to arabic or any other language . unfortunately you can not have the option of arabic with arabic-western numerals 123 . they only have the stupid option : arabic with hindy numerals .
ics supports arabic , and you can add keyboard languages from the settings of the device
there is no tool with this feature . but it is possible to crop the picture in the gallery .
is there no way he can access the whatsapp group maybe over wi-fi , and then promoting you to the group administrator ?
your friend need to change the whatsapp number first . whatsapp -> settings-> account-> change number . . . and follow instructions . next step add the one who needs to be the admin to the group ( here you ) ( skip this as you are already in the group ) . remove all others except you and the present admin ( your friend ) from the group . now your friend ( present admin ) needs to ' delete and exit ' the group . now the one who is left will become admin . add all your friends back to group . voila :- ) source
no need for a factory reset , friend . all you have to do is go to settings> application manager> all> download manager> clear cache and clear data . go to google play> clear cache> clear data and then go to google play services> clear cache> cleardata . restart the phone and it will be alright .
if you signed up for 2-step verification , you may need to enter an application-specific password in place of your regular account password . you can generate an application-specific password when you are authorizing access to your google account . this process takes a few minutes , and you only need to do it once per application or device . note : for android devices running 4.0 or higher , you do not need an application-specific password and only need to submit your username and password . you will be directed to another page where you can enter a one-time six-digit code . to check if 2-step verification is on or off , visit https://www.google.com/settings/ .
you can also use the photon browser . it has flash support built in . just downloaded it and tried it on a . swf and it worked great !
what is your android version ? i will assume you are using 4.1 or newer . the . swf extension is used by files played by adobe flash player . unfortunately , flash is not supported on android since 4.1 . you can try installing the flash player apk . the latest version is for 4.0/ics , but some people say it works on 4.1+/jb as well . remember : your mileage may vary  . additionally , chrome for android never supported flash - even with the apk installed . ( thanks to compro01 for confirming that ! ) so you will need to use a different browser . if you are not using android 4.1 or newer , please update your question with more information .
4.0.4 is currently the latest version , and updating your device does not make it any faster . try formatting your device as s duos is prone to lag after some use .
dice player can go up to 1.8x .
mmmm . no . at least not that i know of . i tried vplayer , rockplayer , the stock player , implayer . none of that has control over the play speed . if i find out i get back to you .
i can do this nicely on n900 ( maemo 5 ) using mplayer , but nothing on the android side yet for fast playback of videos .
the contacts themselves are synced to your phone 's internal memory , so they do take up space . the contacts are then updated every time the phone syncs with the server . if they were only in the cloud you would not be able to access them if you happen to lose the network connection , and contact lookup would be noticeably slower . also , some mobile network technologies can not maintain a voice call and data connection simultaneously , so you would not be able to match incoming calls to contacts , because the data connection would temporarily be disconnected .
from a user perspective : no , that is not possible . from a developer perspective : maybe . android does not directly provide an api that lets you choose a particular communication scheme/speed ( the idea behind peer-to-peer mode is that the two devices automatically choose the best scheme that is suitable for both of them ) . consequently , there is no way to do this without somehow modifying the operating system . you could , for instance , create your customized os and adapt the android nfc stack to only use certain modes ( for nxp 's nfc stack , see the nfcip-1 speeds enum in phnfctypes . h:955 and the methods setP2pModes() ( in nfcservice . java:1083 ) setP2pInitiatorModes() ( in nativenfcmanager . java:352 ) and setP2pTargetModes() ( in nativenfcmanager . java:358 ) . on a rooted device , there could be an even easier approach ( i.e. . one that does not require building the complete os ) : while there is no public api for setting p2p modes , there is a hidden method setP2pModes() in NfcAdapter ( in nfcadapter . java:1373 ) . however , in order to call that method , your app needs to have the WRITE_SECURE_SETTINGS permission ( which is only granted to system apps ) .
since this app is a google native app which handles its own updates by itself , maybe the update went wrong . at the moment you could clear its cache , data ( you will have to reenter the credentials later again and configure the playstore including notifications and update handling ) , or uninstall the updates , so it will go to the initial version ( can be done by going in settings -> applications -> all -> google play store ) . it should update later automatically . in case you have a rooted phone , make sure you have not done any changes in the system lately , or other apps are not interfering ( any " freezers " , " killers " , or similar ones ) . also , check if you have not forbidden mobile network access ( settings -> data usage , there you can click each app and check/uncheck " restrict background data" ) , but even if this was checked , it should work on wifi .
try this - go to settings > wireless and networking > wi-fi settings . in this screen , press the menu button and then advanced . click wifi sleep policy and set it to never . hopefully , that will retain a connection to the wi-fi access point .
it seems that you have installed the wrong recovery and your devices is semi-bricked ( it is not over for him yet ) . you should : 1-download the correct firmware blob from the official asus site 2-boot your tablet into recovery and then type on a computer with the device connected adb reboot bootloader  3-your tablet should now receive fastboot commands even if it seems not on the tablet screen ( on the tablet the screen seems stuck ) 4-type all these commands one by one : if these commands do fail try this 4th step again also , refer to this great thread on xda
try this : 1 . copy a recovery which supports the android versin of the rom and put into sd card . 2 . boot into recovery . 3 . install the recovery . zip 4 . reboot recovery ( if cwm , this option is present under advanced ) . 5 . wipe data/factory reset 6 . wipe cache . 7 . install rom zip file 8 . reboot system . 9 . pray to the tech gods to let you pass this one time : ) ! all the best !
i have read somewhere that a few crappy carriers prevent this . if it still does not work , i would recommend you to install another launcher , where you can customise more .
please check this news . i think that you will be able to edit your home dock after updating your phone . http://www.phonearena.com/news/happy-days-in-australia-touchwiz-dock-can-finally-be-customized_id57116
the way it works on my sgs2 android 4.0 is click on applications , click menu button , select " edit " now the screen shows several app icons you can change , but at the bottom are also the home buttons . all home buttons except for the most right one ( "start page " or " home page" ) can be dragged and dropped , and you can move other app icons to the row with the home buttons . note that this only works if at step 1 you are in grid view , otherwise change to grid view in the menu first . if this does not work , there may be some additional carrier software that prevents it .
rooting android saves up to 25% of battery compared to factory state . i would suggest you use kingo android root and framaroot .
if you choose to root your phone , there are several options as far as installing custom roms and/or custom kernels . some of these allow you change the clock speed of your processor , the governor controlling the processor , and so on , which can all positively ( or negatively ) affect battery life . if you are already rooted , rom toolbox gives some nice options as far as system manipulation that can help with battery life . juice defender ultimate also has some pretty cool options if you are root .
the only way rooting can gain you battery time is if you can uninstall an app that is using a lot of power , and which you can not uninstall without rooting ( i.e. . it is something that shipped with the device ) . i do not know what is on your device , but judging from what i have seen on my droid 3 , there is not likely to be any noticeable change in battery life . on the plus side , if you root the device , you will have the option to get rid of any junk that was pre-installed and thereby not have to see all the update notices for stuff that you will never use and which wants more and more permissions with every update .
first of all , if you are not 100% sure which system apps you can uninstall , it is better to freeze them first ( which is supported by e.g. titanium backup and other apps ) . so if something starts behaving weird , you can simply unfreeze those apps again . as you probably have not just frozen the resp . apps , let 's move to the second option : you hopefully made a nandroid backup before starting to tamper with the system ? in that case , you can restore this backup via clockworkmod . or if you at least backed-up those apps you uninstalled ( e . g . with aforementioned titanium backup ) , you can use this to restore them again . if this is no option neither , all what remains is to check for a fresh firmware image to flash -- either stock or custom rom .
there is no way to get at this activity other than through a settings shortcut . the code for it can be found here on github , and if you search the repository for the NotificationStation class you will find all the entry points for it : in this case , only the shortcut intent filter in the manifest . if you examine the code you will also see there is no way to remove old notifications from the list : as you can see in the screenshot , the greyed-out notifications are those you have dismissed from the ' normal ' notification tray . however , this class is mainly intended as a demo . android 4.3 adds support for any application ( with the appropriate permission ) to access and display the list of notifications . for example , a third-party launcher might want to show them , an app might want to show all notifications in a pop-up window ios-style , a live wallpaper or daydream could respond to them graphically , or a utility might analyse your phone use from the notifications ( something like tasker could trigger actions based on notifications appearing or being dismissed ) . because this is a new feature , and 4.3 is not on many devices yet , it'll be a while before third-party developers invest the time needed to offer these features , but you will not have to wait long .
as i have mentioned in the comments already ( and which harbichidian thankfully approved ) , this can be done using tasker : condition : state  docked task : ( put something here you want to be done when placing the device in dock , or substitute some dummy like " variable set : %dummy = 1" ) exit task : media control  pause there might be several other approaches to this . i still hold tasker being at least one of the better solutions ( if not even the best ) is you can do so much more with it . just check the questions tagged " tasker " , or follow the links in our tasker tag-wiki to get an idea .
your best be to view images on google glass would be to use the ' mirror-api ' methods to create an application that you can run on google glass .
you can use tpacketcapture to route your traffic through a local vpn . the app will then write a log which you can open with wireshark on your desktop and analyze data flow . it will not allow you to see which app sent which packet , but this is as good as it gets without root . although there is a pro version available which allows you to filter out applications .
you can use a sammobile rom , but be sure that the model , the country and the original carrier match the phone as different carriers often require different radio drivers if they use different radio spectrum for bandwidth . if you do not know which carrier there are several routes you can use to determine it : find out which radio you have on your device and match it to the appropriate carrier 's find out what frequencies your current carrier uses and use that to determine the equivalent carrier for the sammobile roms the version of cm you installed should also tell you which radio is on the phone , on the cm website you can also get the information directly by dialing the code *#0011# on your phone , tho it may not be overly helpful ( gsm900 is helpful , for example , but wcdma is not - if it is wcdma you will have to look up the rx ( download ) and tx ( upload ) to determine frequency ) fwiw , i find that odin generally is easier to use than kies for flashing roms .
you can download android 4.3 for s3 i9300 for your device from sammobiles . i think android 4.3 released in germany . or else if you have the back up before flashing the rom , you can restore it from recovery
i found simple and easy solution . make a html page any where . &lt;meta http-equiv="REFRESH" content="0; URL=market://details?id=package_name" /&gt; open browser and type this html url you will see your app in play market app
first off , the user can actually install the app from the market . he just can not do it directly but only make google remote-install the app via the website , as he would do if he browsed the market on his pc . second , what browser are you testing this with ? opera is not well integrated into android and will not open play urls in the app . in fact i am not sure even the native browser will . maybe you should just use market:// links instead of http://links .
i am using the code below and it is working fine with my phone and emulator . for the phone with google play app , it will automatically open the app . for the emulator ( without google play app ) , it will automatically open the browser .
settings > applications > all ( top tab ) click menu button > reset app preferences source : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zt_alkha_-s
try directly this if link is originated from an app for android to handle : market://details?id=&lt;package_name&gt; notice : there is no domain and host .
third wish indeed seems to be a show-stopper . sacrificing that , you might want to take a look at locus maps , which gives you the additional benefit of being an offline/offroad navigation with many map sources buit-in to download from . plenty add-ons available , too . might ask the developer ( e . g . on his forum ) to add tasker support . as he is very responsive , chances are quite good he will like and implement the idea . if so , item #3 would be solved as well .
tasker can write location to klm file : did you see this gps tracker made in tasker xml ( http://tasker.wikidot.com/tracker ) it creates a kml file and stores Acc:%LOCACC Prv:%LOCPRV Spd:%LOCSPD Alt:%LOCALT into that file . to view a kml file that tracker creates you can either : view it in the google earth android apo upload it to your desktop and open it with google earth . upload it to the web , and put the url to the kml in the search box of google maps . this still only works on a desktop computer , but allows the viewing of a kml or kmz file without installing google earth . several other tools exist for publishing kmz files .
gps logger suits all your needs ( 2 is an option you can turn on )
trace my trail is not only a gps logger but you can also insert pois and indication and get alarms when you are following the recorded track .
if you are ready to compromise the third requirement , google 's my tracks , fits your other needs perfectly .
my samsung galaxy s ii has proxy settings enabled under settings > wireless and network > wifi settings > advanced i can set a proxy address and a port number . the proxy i am sitting behind requires authentication tho and i am having trouble finding these settings .
to modify the proxy settings in android 4 and samsung galaxy you should do this : go to settings / wifi . long-click on your network and select modify network . scroll down to show advanced options which should show you the proxy options .
try proxy settings , a free app that reveals the proxy settings button available in most stock roms .
according to this , you need an external app and you need to root the phone . some other solutions shared in a google code issue thread . update : using gesture search , i entered " proxy " and got to the proxy settings on my droid . do not know how to get there otherwise , and do not know if it actually works , but there you go . ( someone else mentioned it in that google thread . )
take a look at the post entitled rooting an unbranded tablet by ademc on september 7 , for further information that maybe helpful to you
droid2bootstrap . apk was able to root it
the app only changes the settings , so it does not matter which gps code the rom has . all the custom roms i know of use gps code from samsung anyways . one note : this will fix very few people 's problems . the factory settings cause most of the problems , so restoring will probably hurt more than help . it is possible that the new 2.2 releases will fix some issues , however , and in that case it is probably better to use whatever settings samsung tested with the new gps code , i.e. the settings gpsrestore uses .
if you are rooted , simply remove gmail app using titanium backup ( free ) . or , better . . freeze gmail app using pro version of titanium backup . this way , you can always get back gmail easily in case you have changed your mind in future .
if you have root , you can delete the account database ( /data/system/accounts . db ) which will delete all accounts managed by system including google accounts and those ones registered by a third-party app ( facebook , twitter , skype , etc . ) . however , this method may cause the system to behave incorrectly sometimes . you also have to note you can not use stuff like the market without a google account .
to remove the account , i believe you can hit ' remove account ' at the bottom after selecting the account to act upon in accounts/sync settings . de-selecting gmail just means that it does not get auto-synchronized but is still affected by a ' sync all ' operation .
go to Settings &gt; Accounts . click on your gmail account for sync on / off . it will take you to the sync settings in emulator . then , click account settings , it wil show your mail again . now , click on your gmail account . it shows all your account details . on dragging down , you will see remove your account button . click it ; you will be safe now .
access " system settings " by touching soft key lower left on phone ( 3 horizontal lines ) . under Accounts , touch " google " this will bring up your google/gmail accounts . click the account you wish to delete . touch the soft key again ( 3 horizontal lines ) this will open a window with two choices , click " remove account "
go to settings-> accounts and sync and touch your gmail account . it will show you options of what you can sync ( books , calendar , contacts , gmail , music ) . touch the gmail one and it will not sync your gmail account with that device .
it is not possible to share a wi-fi via wi-fi , this would require two wi-fi chips . only mobile data tethering is supported via wi-fi .
download and install the google calendar from the market . source .
the playstore app usually uses /data/local to temporarily store .apk files while downloading , then installs them from there , and finally removes the temporary download-file ( which then went to /data/app ) . the /data/local directory should be readable by all processes ( so no root needed to list its contents ) , as it is used as a kind of " temporary directory " for a lot of things ( you might think of it as a " misnamed " /tmp directory ) . this directory should be " cleaned up " on reboot 1 , so your issue might rather be a broken .apk in /data/app . a new install should solve this anyway . i further recommend using appmonster pro -- yes , the pro version : on each install/update it grabs the .apk file of the installed/updated app and stores away a copy . so in cases like this , you could simply grab a previous version and install it over . just for completeness : there seem to be more such " temporary directories " on android devices . investigating a dump from a stock 2.2 motorola milestone 2 , i e.g. also found /data/download . different devices might use other directories additionally . but that should not affect your playstore question . 1 i can only base this on one of my devices ( motorola milestone 2 , stock android 2.2 ) , where i extracted a nandroid backup stored on my pc . there the init.rc file ( which is called during the boot process ) a.o. contains the following : easy to see : the /data/local directory is created during the boot , which suggests it being empty at this point . same is valid btw . for /data/download
go to settings > wireless > wifi settings . press menu > advanced . ensure the wifi sleep policy is set to never . this will make sure that your wifi remains always connected . this may however result in a marginal increase in battery consumption .
first , wimax and 4g are completely separate . wimax already has real-world implementation , whereas 4g does not ; 4g is still in development . second , 3g lte is also completely separate from 4g . lte also has real-world implementation . a 3g lte phone can only operate at 4g speeds if it has hardware capable of it . the manufacturer will undoubtedly advertise this , so it should not be hard to find out . i know of no current phones that can do true 4g , which makes sense given that 4g does not really exist yet . the same applies for " regular " 3g phones working at lte speeds . the samsung vibrant , for example , works on t-mobile 's " fake 4g " network with slightly improved speeds , but does not take full advantage of it . the vibrant 4g , however , does take full advantage of the higher speeds . currently , cell providers in the us and elsewhere are referring to various 3g technologies including lte , hspa+ , etc . as "4g " when they are not actually 4g . examples of 4g networks in development are lte advanced ( based on 3g lte ) and wirelessman-advanced ( based on wimax ) . speed requirements for 4g service set the peak download speed at 100 mbit/s for high mobility communication ( such as from trains and cars ) and 1 gbit/s for low mobility communication ( such as pedestrians and stationary users ) . 3g lte and wimax do not meet these speed requirements . the wikipedia page on 4g is quite informative .
when using the s-pen your touch is a bit more accurate , if you use a app like " papyrus " where you can write on a " virtual " sheet of paper you will see that a pen is much more accurate . but in normal terms if you dont need to be that accurate your finger is enough . the pen is nothing more than a piece of hardware having a organic material on it is top . that the galaxy tab can recognize .
go to settings , select accounts and sync , select gmail sync , select account , and tap remove account in the bottom . . .
if the email id was given when you purchased it , then it can not be removed in gingerbread . the only way is to restore it . do not worry ; just back up yur favorite app or share it with a friend . then , format it . you can clear the gmail account and sent back or back-up the apps . now , your phone will be smoother and faster .
can you disable gmail sync in settings > accounts > [ your gmail account ] ? i do not have a gingerbread device to hand to test this out but it is available in ics +
i am having the same issue and have yet to find an answer . have you been able to identify the problem ? i even tried to delete the hotmail account , with the intention of reinstalling it . however , i was given an error code and upon further digging , i was informed that i needed to reset the phone to factory defaults to get rid of the hotmail account !
at first i assumed you were using gmail but then you talk about signing into virgin media to view email so i am a little lost as to what you are trying to do . can you provide a little more detail ?
i was a having the same problem , look next to the charging port ( that would be to your right ) there a tiny hole clean it out it is blocked . i used a sewing needle to clean it out . after that people on the other side could hear me again . that hole used for talking .
if i understood you correctly , you want to get notified when a call goes through , not when the other person picks up ? you could try settings -> call settings -> all calls -> call status tones -> call connect tone to get a sound from the speaker when the call connects , so you do not have to hold the phone to your ear . is this what you were looking for ? edit : i know , it does not answer the title but could help with the problem .
i use b-card . us to import my contacts . it support ios as well . only register , insert data and scan barcode . you do not need to install an app and its free .
to import a vcf : copy the vcf to your phone , then contacts > import/export to view hidden contacts : contacts > more > display options , you have the option of displaying " only contacts with phones " and under " choose contacts to display " you can choose to view or hide contacts based on their source . perhaps your contacts are hidden because they are stored in your phone , but you do not check " phone " under " choose contacts to display " disclaimer : i use froyo ( 2.2 ) so the menu name might be different .
i had some problems with built in sync so i looked for a more sophisticated solution . after i tested some apps i choose a android app called contactsync ( the dev provided me a free test license for the app so +1 for free testing ) and the name tells it all . it can sync , import and export contacts on various ways like carddav or ftp or just local . vcf files . works well here and provides some nice features . the dev has a homepage here -> http://ntbab.dyndns.org/apache2-default/seite/contactsync.html
is there something wrong with cyanogenmod ? what you want is the stock version of android samsung put on the phone , there is no revert as it was deleted when you put cyanogen . as you dont seem to have a copy i would go to samsung support site or you will have to trust another source on the net and download it there . this would be another great community resource for your phone http://forum.xda-developers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=1156
alongside installing the correct dirvers , i have found that you may need to also do a bit of manual setup so that your computer can recognise the usb device . try this : find the . android folder in your home directory , and replace the adb_usb . ini file with this one . this tells your computer to let adb work with a load of different usb devices . you may need to restart adb via the command line : adb kill-server adb start-server  and now adb should show you your device adb devices 
if your home screen is dying like this , check your debug logs ( if you have adb installed ) . my guess ? you are running out of ram and android is killing the home screen process to get more ram . you might want to stop some services ( or root and remove stupid carrier bloatware ) . cyanogenmod and some other custom android builds will allow you to " lock " the application in ram , but honestly that can cause as many problems as it solves . on my older phones ( htc dream / htc magic ) the culprit at the time was k-9 mail .
this answer may help if you do not mind sending messages via the Contact app . i was able to go to my Contacts app , hit the Settings button , then go to More -&gt; Display options and check Only contacts with phone . from Contacts you can still search , and you can still access your recent contacts .
if you are creating a new message it might be easier to just go into the contacts/people app , set up your desired filtering there ( as others have already pointed out ) . then instead of going into the messaging/email/gmail app to send your message stay in the contacts/people app , find the person you want to send the message to and just press on the relevant contact detail ( eg phone number or email address ) to send to them . this should give you a much more manageable list .
it may depend on what phone you are using . for the htc evo ( and most likely any other htc phone with sense ) it seems you can not change the the list in " search people " but you can change the list in your " people " app . if this is what you want to do open the " people " app and you will see all your contacts . the open the menu and select " view " - here you can change some of the contacts that will be viewed in your " people " app . i tried changing my contacts list this way and then checked if the " people search " app would also remove the same contacts but it would seem it does not work that way . for example i added and removed twitter contacts but either way they still appeared in the " peaople search " list . hope this helps
when you get gingerbread on your galaxy s , then the battery usage graph shows what is using power over time settings -> about phone -> battery use and then press on the graph at the top for a more detailed view broken down by app over time . ( you can also get there through settings -> applications -> battery use and then pressing on the graph at the top ) . ( do not know if this is a samsung or a gingerbread feature but is part of samsung 's official gingerbread 2.3.3 . release for the galaxy s which was released a few weeks ago in many countries/networks )
you can use a logcat viewer , such as logcat reader ( i have found that one works well ) , and just scroll back through the logs until the time in question . a less precise solution would be to go to settings > about phone > battery use and that will tell you what has been using most of your battery .
if there is anything happening at a " given time " , or otherwise should show some " significant change " , it might also be worth to take a look at systempanel : systempanel ( source : google play ) even the free version allows you to live-monitor your android system ( where " live " means the app must be running ) , while the payed version adds a " monitoring service " which stores collected information , so you can refer to it later . as above screenshot shows , it lets you clearly see the peaks for cpu ( click the image to enlarge ) , but also for battery and other ressources . it also allows you to pick the " top processes " and see how they behaved over time . clearly a candidate to investigate the problem you described .
here is /system/bin i have not gone through yet to add documentation though , my apologies . i have made a google doc where i and some friends plan to put our documentation over spring break . if people want to help out , it would be much appreciated . android shell commands /system/bin contents : basichashtable_test blobcache_test inputchannel_test inputdispatcher_test inputevent_test inputpublisherandconsumer_test inputreader_test looper_test obbfile_test string8_test unicode_test vector_test zipfilero_test adb am app_process applypatch applypatch_static asan asanwrapper atrace audioloop bmgr bootanimation bu bugreport cat check_prereq chmod chown cmp codec content corrupt_gdt_free_blocks dalvikvm date dd debuggerd decoder dexopt df dhcpcd dmesg drmserver dumpstate dumpsys flash_image fsck_msdos gdbjithelper gdbserver getevent getprop gzip hd id ifconfig iftop ime input insmod installd ioctl ionice ip6tables iptables keystore keystore_cli kill linker ln log logcat logwrapper ls lsmod lsof make_ext4fs md5 mdnsd mediaserver mkdir mksh monkey mount mtpd mv nandread ndc netcfg netd netstat newfs_msdos notify ping ping6 pm pppd printenv ps qemu-props qemud r racoon radiooptions reboot record recordvideo recovery renice requestsync rild rm rmdir rmmod route run-as schedtest schedtop screencap screenshot sdcard sendevent sensorservice service servicemanager set_ext4_err_bit setconsole setprop sf2 sh showlease skia_test sleep smd stagefright start stop stream surfaceflinger svc sync system_server testid3 toolbox top touch uiautomator uim-sysfs umount updater uptime vdc vmstat vold watchprops wipe
app management use android package manager pm examples install the package com . twitter . android-1 . apk from the sd card pm install /sdcard/com.twitter.android-1.apk  list installed packages that contain the term twitter pm list packages | grep twitter  show the install directory of the twitter package pm path com.twitter.android  processes top  lists all running processes / apps with live updates showing cpu usage , pid , . . . ps  lists all running processes / apps and allows filtering using grep examples ps | grep apps  lists all running apps on your phone mounting mount -o rw,remount -t "filesystem" "Device" "Mount Point"  allows you to remount your partitions for write access or to mount images . examples write access for the root filesystem mount -o rw,remount -t rootfs /  write access for your /system partition mount -o rw,remount -t yaffs2 /dev/block/mtdblock4 /system  write access for /system using busybox busybox mount -o remount,rw /system  mount the contents of myimage.img , viewable in the folder myimage mount -o loop /sdcard/myimage.img myimage  other getprop can show interesting details from the device configuration , such as dns servers , gateways , gsm details , running services , build parameters , version info etc .
htc sensation comes with the android 2.3 gingerbread but " wearing " the htc sense ( 3.0 ) mod . sensation is also in-line for an upgrade to ics ( ice cream sandwich ( android 4.0 ) ) early in 2012 .
no , you can not do this , on android or any other kind of mobile phone . it is just not how the 3g network works . each operator 's 3g network runs on a frequency band allocated to them by the government . the cell transmitter runs on its own hardware that your phone does not have , with a high-power radio transceiver that needs more power than your phone has .
are you trying to access the market from a home screen shortcut or from the app drawer ? updates can sometimes break shortcuts so try to open it from the app drawer . another thing you can try is to reset market data from Settings -> Applications -> Manage applications -> All -> Market -> Clear data and Clear cache .
if you use appbrain it does downloads sequentially . unfortunately you will still need to click " okay " for each to start the download but it'll save you a few taps .
i managed to download it from freakshare , i tried it again , and now it is downloading 252mb , so that is a good size
samsung with its quest to be different , enriched the stock browser , with its own brightness control , totally separate from the os . no root there is no workaround , you have to set the brightness independently . even using an app to control the brightness levels , as soon as you launch the stock browser , its own brightness control overwrites the one from the app . root if you have root on your device , you can replace the browser .apk with the stock one from android . you get the same browser , and in theory , without that annoying feature placed by samsung ( have not done this myself ) . alternatives there are alternative solutions for this , like many other users faced with your problem endup using , the usage of another browser that is not the stock one .
get an on-screen keyboard with arrow keys , such as hacker 's keyboard . i use it as a secondary input method , it is not so suitable to all situations but can quickly be switched from the long-press menu .
you can try greenify it freezes the app when you are not explicitly using it . there is an experimental feature to make it work without root but i did not try it since my phone is rooted . there is also disable service that can disable single services . it requires root access .
you can try force disabling them from the settings
the usb driver for windows is available for download as an optional sdk component . you need the driver only if you are developing on windows and want to connect an android-powered device ( adp , nexus one , or nexus s ) to your development environment over usb . are you going to develop android app or just want to browse the internal memory ? http://developer.android.com/sdk/win-usb.html
it should be /sdcard , with a lower-case s .
i made a folder called /sdcard and wanted to ln -s /sdcard /storage/sdcard0 but i got ln not found or something like that . so i mount -o bind /sdcard /storage/sdcard0 which made me unable to access the sdcard in anyway on my phone . i was scared the sdcard got wiped because it was empty except it had a root explorer folder for a reason unknown to me . being scared of wiped data i unplugged the cable and rebooted hoping it was a temporary error caused by the mount -o bind command . fortunately it was and i also found out that the /sdcard has been restored properly automatically on boot ( the restore wasnt cused by any command it is just how android is made )
for an update to an existing app , you just have to enable that in google play 's settings . for a newly installed app , i do not think it is possible . you can block the background data for google play , but that is just a workaround and it has limitations like you will not be able to make in-app purchases when you are on mobile network .
this nexus one user manual seems to be basically the same document as you linked , but specific to that phone and android 2.1 . since the nexus one was a " pure " android experience , the vast majority of the document should cover what you are looking for . ( that link seems dead , but this link from the internet archive wayback machine seems to be working . )
the complete android guide does a pretty good job of highlighting the differences in functionality in the different versions . you can buy a book , pdf , or view it online for free .
factory resetting wipes the wi-fi settings along with everything else . from the wi-fi page in the settings app , click on the network you want to connect to and enter the password ( if it requires one ) , just as you did previously . if that does not work , update your question to say what happened .
beyondpod supports feed authentication . i use the pro version which costs $7 , but if you choose not to go pro there are only a few limitations . the free lite version should still handle authentication .
yes , connecting to a peap-mschapv2 network with 1.6 is not possible due to a lack in the network manager . after an upgrade to 2.1 or 2.2 it is possible . alternatively you might want to root the device and enter your login credentials in your wpa_supplicant.conf file manually .
problem solved . i deactivated hangouts and now it works fine .
the first thing that comes to mind is to check that reply path is not selected in the messaging settings . this setting means that if you reply to a sms , it uses the sender 's messaging center , and usually using another operator 's messaging center is not allowed . however , this should not affect your ability to receive messages .
in order to change the notification sound on the gmail app you can do the following : open the gmail app and press the menu button ( the one to the left of the home button ) press settings and then choose the email address ( not general settings ) touch the word " inbox sound and vibrate " click " sound " then there is a popup for the choice of notification sound you want for your email . for go sms pro : press the same menu button settings advanced notification settings default notification settings select ringtone
you could try an app like wallswitch , which can be set to change your wallpaper every time you unlock the device or on a timer . i do not know that there is a way to tell it to pull from " the gallery " in general , but you can just specify that you want to pull from the folders your gallery images are in ( works out effectively the same ) .
seems that i finally fixed the issue , but i wanted to wait few days to be sure . first i tried to reflash my phone again , but without wiping my data partition ( so i could keep my apps and settings intact ) . this did not worked , so i fully flashed again my phone 's firmware ( i was ussing only official firmwares , from sony ) but after a day when my phone 's gps worked fine , the issue reappeared . finally i downloaded the same version of the firmware , but for another region ( i was using a firmware made for brazilian market , now i am using the one for europe ) and this seems to work . gps starts everytime when requested . i am not really sure where the issue was , but if someone else encounter this issue - maybe you could give my solution a try .
even the best gps does not lock on instantly . you can use " assisted gps " , or agps , to help get a rough fix quickly while you wait for the more accurate gps to get a lock ; this only works when you have internet access , since it uses your ip address to locate you . go into your device 's gps settings ( settings -> location access ) also try clearing the data of the navigation app and installing other gps toolbox apps to see if it fixes the issue .
yes you can . both sim can be used for internet and voice calls . you can also select which sim can be used for internet and which can be used for voice calls . the settings can be found under Settings-&gt; Wireless &amp; networks .
you need to go into the mail application and set up an account through there . the accounts area is for syncing accounts for the phone ( like your gmail address ) .
open email . enter your email credentials ( the address and the password ) . choose manual setup . choose imap . enter server settings .
titanium should restore the apks as well as the data . but another method is to go into settings> backup/restore ( or similar ) , and there is an option for backing up and restoring data from google play .
there are a number of " shake to wake " apps in the market . obviously if you use one of those , shake the phone and it does not wake up , then it is fully off .
you can make a call to your own phone number , it is faster than suffering a boot/shutdown cycle . also , you can keep some notification just to keep the led always blinking .
you can install a custom lock screen application and use hadrware buttons like optical tracpad to wake up the phone . more info in the blog post .
it is a bit of a hassle , huh . there is a slightly unusual solution though : turn the phone on while holding down the back key , which will do nothing special if the phone was merely asleep , but will display the hboot version within about a second if the phone was completely off . from that screen , press volume up and then power to turn the phone completely off again .
on my samsung galaxy s i can use either the home or power button to ' unsleep ' the handset .
i do not think you can . i just did some tests and even the slightest press of the power button will turn it on if it is actually powered off . i did not like the having to press the power button to ' wake ' up the phone myself . would prefer if you could hit the home button or similar as a long press .
this is for the htc 1 . you will have to see if it works for you . the charge light is red when the phone is off , and orange when it is on . obviously , that is with the charger connected .
playing around with " mount " and various commands , it looked like the /data file system was already mounted r/w . this left me with the option of trying to reload a " factory image " . the link you posted was informative and looks like a good resource , however i am a bit gun-shy about trying to load code that was not specific to the exact device in front of me , as i got burned on that once before ( fortunately that one was resolved when the manufacturer finally made the correct stuff available ) . i was finally able to get this one working without having to resort to trying a generic a10 image . i ended up using " echo -e ' boot-recovery\0' > /dev/block/nandf ; sync " , from within adb shell , connected a standard usb windows keyboard from a pc , then issued " reboot " command still from within adb shell . again i got an android on his back with a green triangle / exclamation point . i hit the home button on the tablet and got into the recovery menu , and voila , the arrow keys on the keyboard actually worked to navigate the menu . i selected the option for wipe data / factory reset and used the power button on the tablet as enter , used the keyboard again to navigate the " are you sure " prompt , power button again for enter . the device showed that it was formatting /data and some other file system ( i forget ) , then when it was done it went back to the recovery menu . i disconnected the usb keyboard and hit power one more time to reboot , and this time we made it past the android logo and back to a like-new out-of-box state ! back in business ! the concept of connecting a pc keyboard might be a breakthrough for anyone struggling with recovery on one of these tablets with no volume buttons , though i can not say it was entirely my idea . it briefly flashed through my mind at one point but i did not actually try it until another post i read somewhere kicked me again . ; - ) p.s. i do not know if the exact sequence of connecting the keyboard etc was significant , but i figured i would try to be specific just for the benefit of anyone reading this in the future .
ok , got an update . i posted a long thread here a while back and it got deleted . i have got better news this time . sc-91jb is the same as the turkish piranha business ii tab 9.0 . go to this site ( its in turkish ) and download livesuit and phoenixsuit from the " destek " -> " src ve yazlmlar " tab . you can get the firmware there , ( it is the plain 4.1 jb rom ) but there is a better place . install phoenixsuit and livesuit . make sure you install the drivers . connect your tablet and open phoenixsuit ( if updates are available , then update . ) go to the " firmware " tab and choose the p422 rom you downloaded earlier , then hit upgrade . there is a high chance the upgrade will fail to go through on the first try . when it did on mine , it gave me instructions saying you had to hold the power button down for 10 seconds , then a series of button presses and connecting the tablet to the pc . make sure you use a good usb cable . when i followed the on screen steps , livesuit popped up and i was able to force a firmware upgrade . the screen on the tablet stays dark , but the " firmware " screen on phoenixsuit will show you the progress . once that is finished , my tablet started up with the " piranha " logo and booted into android . of course , android was in turkish so i just went into settings and changed the language to english . this rom includes a lot more apps than the supersonic one did ( including angry birds space . ) i just did this update today , so now i will see if the issues we were having were due to the rom or hardware . summary : this method can revive a tablet that is completely dead ! so philip , in your situation , you may simply have to plug in and force the upgrade . a long press of the power button will switch the internals on and off . this is a super easy way to get your tablet back up and running without having to drop to the command line . most of all , good luck ! ! !
try my app : soundabout . it has a media audio setting called " aux digital " for this purpose .
i have found that the auxiliary jack on my s3 is pretty tight and even when the phone senses i have plugged something into it , i have to press it just a little harder , until i hear a " click " and the plug is flush to the phone ( you should not be able to see any metal from the plug showing ) . once i do that , the sound stops playing through the phone 's speaker .
i remember seeing someone do tests on the accuracy of capacitive screens and in reality , they are terribly inaccurate . unlike resistive screens , a stylus will not make much difference for you . i believe it was said that a fine stylus would provide just as much accuracy as using a hot dog .
thin styluses are usually for resistive screens , they do not work with droid x 's capacitive screen . the difference between capacitive and resistive touchscreens
i have a pogo stylus which was originally meant for the iphone although i see they have an android version now . it works ok , but i feel like i have to push down harder than i want to to get it to work . it is accurate , more so than my finger , however if i do not maintain enough pressure when drawing a line for example , there will be gaps in the line . i have a screen protector on and i have never tried it on the naked screen so this might be a factor . when all is said and done i do not use it very much so i can not provide a detailed review . if you do not want to spend the money there are a number diy capacitive tutorials that look pretty good . some mimic the pogo design and others do not . here are a few : pogo like 1 pogo like 2 with a sock with a piece of anti-static bag with an energy bar wrapper and a drunk puppet
it looks like this can be done on just about any device with the caveat that your device needs to be rooted and you need to be willing to poke around in your system 's framework-res.apk file . these instructions come from a post on xda with a modification intended to lower the brightness , but scaling in the opposite direction would make it brighter : here is a guide on how to perform this mod on any framework-res . apk using apk manager ( thanks for the guide goes to desean ) : download apk manager and unpack somewhere grab framework-res . apk from your phone under \system\framework\ ( e . g . adb pull ) and place it in the " place-apk-here-for-modding " folder run script . bat and select option 9 once done , go to projects\framework-res . apk\res\values\arrays . xml and edit your values as per first post . once edited , compile the apk using option 11 qn : is this a system apk . ans : y qn : aside from the signatures , would . . . . least . ans : y prompt : in the apk manager folder u'll find a keep folder . . . . . done then press enter on this script . press any key to continue . . . you have to go to " keep " folder and delete resources . arsc because arrays . xml have been changed . after this you can press any key in apk manager window . once done , input 22 in apk manager and select " unsignedframework-res . apk " by entering the number that stands for it . after selecting it you should see in apk main window in the top right corner " current-app : unsignedframework-res . apk " . now press 5 to zipalign apk . you will find your completed , zipaligned apk under place-apk-here-for-modding\unsignedframework-res . apk . rename it back to framework-res . apk and adb push the file back to your phone the arrays . xml file should have a section like the below if your device supports auto-brightness : basically , the values are ordered based on detected light from the sensor , with the top value being " lowest light " and the bottom value being " highest light " . the values correspond to lcd brightness on a scale from 1 to 255 , with 255 being full brightness . you could therefore scale up all of the low light values to be brighter if you wanted .
another option is using the perl adbbackuproutines from this xda thread . they have a few requirements , though : perl obviously , plus libterm-readkey-perl , libcrypt-cbc-perl , and libcrypt-pbkdf2-perl ( if your backups are unencrypted , you can skip the last dependency by simply commenting out line 103 of backupdecrypt.pl where it is included -- worked fine for me ) . usage is quite easy : ./backupdecrypt.pl [options] &lt;backupfile.ab&gt; &lt;outfile.tar&gt;  the resulting .tar file then can be investigated like any other tarball . its structure is quite interesting in at least one aspect : it does not reflect the real paths where the files have been taken from ( e . g . not /data/data/com.app.name/databases/whatever.db , but instead apps/com.app.name/db/whatever.db ) -- which indicates an app backed-up on one device/rom might be restored to any other device/rom without trouble , as adb restore must figure out the real paths itself .
or with a one-liner : ( printf "\x1f\x8b\x08\x00\x00\x00\x00\x00" ; tail -c +25 backup.ab ) | tar xfvz - 
one more option is to use bash , cat and gunzip ( gzip ) . the full process could be this ( with an unencrypted backup ) : backup one app 's data ( for example " override dns for kitkat " ) : $ adb backup -f net.mx17.overridedns.ab -noapk net.mx17.overridedns Now unlock your device and confirm the backup operation.  extract the compressed data decompress the compressed data $ printf "\x1f\x8b\x08\x00\x00\x00\x00\x00" \ | cat - compressed-data | gunzip -c &gt; decompressed-data.tar gzip: stdin: unexpected end of file  " untar " the tar file $ tar xf decompressed-data.tar 
just for reference of others , here is some background on the . ab file format . the android backup ( * . ab ) file is a compressed tar file . it is compressed using the deflate algorithm . on top of that , there can be aes encryption used . this is determined when you create the backup , if you enter a password then the backup is encrypted , otherwise ; there is no encryption , it is only compressed . the header of the file is a little different then a normal delfate archive . it contains information about the backup and looks like the following : ANDROID BACKUP 1 1 none  the first line is the " magic " line . the next line is the version of the android backup file format . the next line is a boolean ( true or false , 1 or 0 ) indicating if the file is compressed . the last line is the type of encryption . this example is not using any encryption . if there was a password , the line would read " aes-256" . after that is the encryption cypher . if no password , then the deflate " archive " starts . it is compressed using the java deflater . which , from a developers perspective , causes issues if you want to use anything besides java to extract it . i have not been able to find anything that can deflate it using the same algorithm , even though all that i have found ( for like c# ) are supposed to follow the " spec " . with that said , there is an open source project under the apache 2.0 license , written by nikolay elenkov that will allow you to extract the . ab in to a tar file . usage : java -jar abe.jar unpack &lt;backup.ab&gt; &lt;backup.tar&gt; &lt;password&gt;  if you are not sure how to really use that ( which is beyond the scope of this answer ) the next version of droid explorer v0.8.8.7 ( available here ) will allow you to do exactly this , and more , right from explorer . you can read more about the features on my blog ( yes , i know , shameless plug . i do that when it fits the question )
the brut mod can cache map tiles on sd card . so you get large cache . caching feature is by default disabled , you need to turn it on in setting .
you may have encrypted your phone contents . both of my phones take a lot longer to boot since having to decrypt on start-up .
my galaxy nexus ( i9250 , gsm version ) with android 4.02 definitely does not take that long to boot . just switched mine off to test , and from off it takes just under a minute to get to the sim card pin unlock code screen ( and after entering my pin it goes straight to the pattern lock with my normal wallpaper ) .
there is no chance to access system folders without root .
there is a teamviewer app that acts as a server " teamviewer quick support " unfortunately it is for samsung devices only
try this app . in this app you can share the screens between two tablets or two mobile devices of varying screens wirelessly and does not require any thing extra as per your requirements .
sounds like some kind of vnc type of solution would be the best , maybe teamviewer ? you might need an enterprise license if you are doing this for commercial purposes .
you can use any standard midi keyboard with your device . ( src ) there are several keyboards with korg and roland . choice of the device is all yours . but unfortunately there are reports that your nanopad is not working with this as you asked in your original question . ( src ) you may want to verify that with the manufacturer first , before you go for a new one . once you have a standard midi device ( which does not require driver installations ) , you can use apps like usb midi monitor or grand piano note : you can try ebay for good solutions . visit a local music store and check compatibility before you buy as izzy suggested
the answer is usually " no . " the framework changes introduced with manufacturers ' ui overlays ( samsung 's touchwiz in the case of your galaxy s ii ) most likely make the stock apps like phone , contacts , calendar , etc . incompatible with custom roms like cyanogenmod rom that are based on aosp ( android open source project ) .
you should go to the google play web site , there is a list of all the apps that you have ever installed on your device , including purchased ones .
in the new market application you need to slide the tab sideways when viewing the installed applications to view all applications , you might have missed that at first glance .
ok , this answer does not get to the root cause or the " why it happened " but the issue is now resolved . it may help others if their purchased applications are suddenly not available on google play for installation on a new device . i received an notification to update my android firmware and reboot . i followed the instructions , went into google play and my purchased items were now available . i can not explain why , they just were .
if you are using the same google login - then you should be able to find them under my apps in google play and they should be marked as purchased . ( on your phone - on the web you will find them under my android apps ) . you can also click on orders and devices at the bottom of the page - if they do not show up in that list . ( and next to each you have " report a problem" ) and worst case scenario , if these apps are paid for , you should at least be able to find them in your google checkout history - and contact google to refresh your account . hth .
short answer there is no such thing as " randomly break " , phone owners tend to use or make up terms to disguise their ineffectiveness to explain what happened , or as an excuse to avoid saying " i broke my phone " . common factors leading to the glass or the display damage are , but not limited to : manufacturer fault , a damage batch ; device falling or getting tossed ; user sat down with the device in his back pocket . keep reading as to better understand the misleading information found on the mentioned forums ! clear some ideas randomly break there is no such thing like " randomly break " , every device that physically breaks has a cause behind . faulty software the software is not responsible for the device physical damage , the software interacts and allows the usage of the hardware . every software that directly interacts with the hardware has built in fail-safes to prevent abuses . take the example of a battery charge , when you are charging the system may present you with a message informing that the charge process was interrupted to prevent heat damage to the device . glass or display while users tend to call screen and say " my screen is broken " , they should actually be specific enough as to clarify if the glass is broken or the display module is broken . the two are very distinct , carrying different reasons as to why they may have broken . why would a glass or display module break ? the glass the motorola droid razr maxx comes equipped with a gorilla glass . despite the heavy promotion that its indestructible , there is no truth to that . this glass enables your device to resist damage like scrapes , bumps and drops , from the abuses that come with everyday use . a small drop in the right angle can shred the glass due to the force propagation within the impact point to the remaining of the device : e.g. , take a 22 inches fall , is just over 4 times the height of the phone . comparing this to a human been , could the average 6' tall person survive a fall of over 24' without breaking in some way ? on the other hand , a battery dilatation due to excessive heat will never cause the glass to break . way before that , the plastic casing would crack , some components could even melt , and eventually the glass would fell off , lying on the floor shining like a brand new one : ) from the corning gorilla glass - faqs : can i break gorilla glass ? if subjected to enough abuse , gorilla glass can break . however , gorilla glass is better able to survive the real-world events that most commonly cause glass to scratch , chip , or break . the display schematic of an active matrix oled display the motorola droid razr maxx comes equipped with motorola 's super amoled advanced . while the glass is designed and used with one specific purpose , the protection of the display from scrapes , bumps and drops , the display can be affected from other directions , not just by its front . if a phone falls and hits the ground by its corner , the glass has no effect protecting the display . the phone casing may not be sufficient to absorve the impact , and the resulting force from the impact may damage or even crack the display . the display is actually more sensitive than the remaining components of a mobile device . prevent damaging the display or glass the best way to prevent damage to the device , either by accident or by careless handling during use are : avoid charging the device while exposed to heat or direct sunlight . protect it with an exterior rubber casing , to absorb the impact force generated when it falls . if carried closely with hard objects , consider using a device casing , preferably made of leather or any other robust material to prevent damage from bumps . do not carry the phone inside tight jeans or in your back pocket . your natural movements or if you sit down , may exercise overwhelming force into the device .
the snapshot option allows you to use a feature that is similar to the hibernate function in windows . it saves the contents of the emulator 's memory to disk when you close the emulator , so that when you open it , it does not have to boot the os , but instead it can load the memory contents from the disk and resume from where you left off . this allows you to start the emulator faster . use host gpu means that instead of using the cpu to render the graphics , it uses the computer 's graphics card . this speeds up graphic-intensive processes . details and requirements can be found on developer.android.com. you should note that snapshots and graphics acceleration are mutually exclusive , so you can not use both .
the snapshot option speeds up the boot of the emulator by saving a snapshot of its ram once it has booted , and restoring from that snapshot on future uses . that way , it does not have to run the boot process ( which is slow , because it is emulated ) every time you start the emulator . the use host gpu option uses the host computer 's opengl implementation ( which is probably hardware-accelerated , on your real gpu ) to evaluate opengl commands inside the emulated system . put another way , when a program inside the emulator uses opengl for graphics operations , the work goes out to your real gpu , and the result goes back into the emulator , instead of emulating a gpu ( which is very slow ) . the result is a significant speed-up , especially when you consider that most view and canvas drawing uses opengl in android  4 , even in non-graphics apps . you can not have both options turned on at once .
afaik , pictures from gallery are not uploaded to picassa gallery by sync , unless you intentionally upload them by sharing options . to put this to test , i just now tried to capture an image though camera and synced . it did not turn up in picassa . i do not know why this way , but on the first hand if your first device is not uploading image to picassa with sync , there is no way your other device is going to get it . there are plenty of other ways using apps like sugar sync , drop box etc . but i assume here the question was asked in compassion with contacts and calendar which gets synced with google 's services without any other app support .
all officially supported languages are listed on their changelog : https://github.com/cyanogenmod/android_vendor_cyanogen/blob/gingerbread/changelog.mkdn
cyanogenmod roms are multilingual and you can select the language the first time your phone boots or in System settings--&gt;Language &amp; input--&gt;Language ( ics 4.0.4 ) at any time . i can say it supports all languages in the world from the far east to south america including right to left languages like farsi .
if you want to create the dumpstate file from a pc ( using adb ) , run this command from a shell : adb shell dumpstate &gt; dumpstate.log  this will create the file dumpstate.log in the current directory on your pc . you can use this as part of a bug report .
i cannot provide a definitive answer , but some folks have had over 20,000 messages , based on this reddit discussion . so if there are any limits , it may have been set by the oem ( or their custom app ) . using 3rd-party sms apps might provide a workaround to the limit . i would bet that if are hundreds of thousands of messages , there could be a significant performance issue , although that may depend on how the app processes the records . go sms pro , for example , does not load the messages all at once . but if it reaches the point where it has loaded already a lot of messages , the app slows down . update #1: to paraphrase izzy , the storage limit will also trigger the " insufficient memory " error , usually when there is less than ~25 mb free space on internal storage . this would also prevent the sms from being stored ( plus the possibility to send some on your own ) .
for starters , this should not be here , this should have been asked at the xda thread itself . with all the tweaks they make to their rom , it would have been a good idea . second , with mtp , there is no need for charge only . the sd card and phone storage is always available when you are connected . " charge only " was relevant when you were on ics or gb and you had ums ( usb mass storage ) .
as it is two questions in one , you need two answers : to run commands via adb , you do not need to set that mode now - you just need to have usb debugging enabled , and the cmd commands will work . just remember that having usb debugging enabled could warrant a security risk as it may allow someone that has stolen your phone to access it is data without having to unlock it , but as you seem to have had it enabled previously , then i believe you should understand the risks . concerning the usb connection mode : in the old android version , that mode caused issues ( due to manufacturer modifications ) , since jellybean , android uses mtp , so that option became redundant .
this is a member of the viber r and d team . viber is not fully compatible with custom roms yet . . :/ however , please try to download from the following link : viber knowledgebase let us know if the issue persists . : )
if you are looking to buy a cable that you can use to attach a usb keyboard to that connector , then everywhere i have seen calls it something like a " 30-pin samsung socket " , and the cables are called something like " 30-pin to usb otg adapter cable " or " usb otg adapter cable for samsung galaxy tab 2 " , eg examples on amazon . com , or on ebay . com . samsung themselves either seem to avoid naming the port when they are selling their official adapters and cables that plug into it , or just call it a "30 pin": " galaxy tab adapters " or " galaxy tab data cable ( charging ) usb to 30 pin "
is it swiftkey ? swiftkey brings the future of text entry to smartphones . it uses touchtypes breakthrough fluency technology to predict the next word you want to type , before you even press a key . [ . . . ] swiftkey doesnt just predict regular words  it learns as you type and remembers how you write . as words and sentences are chosen over time , its fluency engine creates a dynamic understanding of your writing style to boost the accuracy , fluency and speed of prediction .
the poweramp app will respond to " listen to . . . " commands . it is a good music player if you are willing to pay about $5 , but it does have a free trial .
try using the apps suggested here and configure them to launch the program of choice .
in this situation you have two options , which i would try in the given order : safe mode boot into safe mode ( details for what safe mode is and how to boot your device into safe mode can be found in the article how to boot android 4.1+ into safe mode : method 1: hold down power button until the power-menu pops up press and hold the " restart " option in the dialog box , select " safe mode " and hit " ok " method 2: reboot your device hold the vol+ and vol- buttons at the same time to enter safe mode . a " safe mode " watermark in the lower left corner tells you you have been successful . obviously , you had have to chose method 2 as your device will not power up normally . now , while in safe mode , change the " developer options " back to normal . then do a normal reboot to leave safe mode . hint : if your device sticks in safe mode , power down and remove the battery for a few minutes . then re-insert the battery , and the device should boot up normally . factory reset as a last resort , you can do a factory reset . be aware that this will delete all your data , plus the apps you have installed yourself ( i.e. . the pre-installed apps will not be touched ; your sdcard should also remain untouched ) . as your device still is unable to boot up normally , you can reset it via the recovery menu . check your device 's manual for how to boot into recovery ; on many devices , this is done by holding the vol+ and power buttons pressed simultaneously until the device booted up to recovery . other devices may use different combinations ; so either try a few , try google search , or search our site for it . of course you can ask it in a separate question if you are still out of look ; )
try to enable the app named " media storage " from app-> menu-> manage apps
i tried the rescan media application but did not work . restarted the phone , still did not work . then , i figured it out that the sd card came from an old blackberry and some data was left behind . thus , i formated the sd card with the computer ( fat ) and put it back into the phone . works like a dime ! : )
open up the gallery and on the top-right corner you will find a ' menu ' button . tap that and choose ' show/hide albums ' option . in the new window that appears , check ' select all ' or ' all photos ' and ' all videos ' and tap on ' save ' . if you are still unable to find any pictures or videos in your gallery , follow @t0mm13b 's answer . it will help . note : selecting ' all photos ' will show all pictures on your device . even including the small bitmaps that applications ' in your sd card ' use as resources !
download this app called rescan media and run this application within 2 min issue solved
the only suggestion i can think of is this - download this app called rescan media which simply forces android to perform a re-scan of the sd-card and pull in/update the internal media links to the images on the sd-card itself , so that it will show up in the gallery . by the sound of it , it looks as if ( i am not exactly 100% certain ) that the media scanning is broken on your handset . . . or that the gallery is failing . if the above fails to work , then perhaps a suggestion would be to try get a newer firmware or use an alternative rom such as cyanogenmod/stock vanilla android . . .
there is a single list of contacts . but smartphones allow many different contact providers ( google contacts , facebook , sim card , internal phone contacts , skype , . . . ) . but they are all shown within the same app in a single list . a symbol tells you where the contact came from . i recommend to use google contacts as main contacts provider . do not save contacts on the sim card and the internal phone memory . google contacts are automatically synced with your phone and the cloud . you can comfortably edit the contacts @ google.com/contacts . every edit is instantly propagated to your phone . and if you change your device you simply add your google account and all your contacts will appear there , too . no more sim card contact importing/exporting . in order to solve the problem of duplicate contacts from different contact providers android provides a ' join contacts ' feature , which merges the information from different providers into one single contact .
viewing their profile touch the friends tab , a menu should pop up and at the bottom should be the option to " unfriend " . hope this helps .
you can not do it using the droid app . the only way is to use facebook 's mobile webapp . find the friend you want to delete , then scroll down and find the remove friend option .
it does not appear that you can , at least at this time . not particularly surprising . their app just sends you to m . facebook . com for anything more than basic functionality .
sometimes if you are viewing your news feed , you are seeing posts from a profile you are not necessarily friends with , you just " liked " something of theirs which will then add to your news feed . in that case you go to their profile and " unlike " them . that should stop them from posting to your wall .
restoring a backup of one rom over top of a different rom is a bad idea ; although it may work in some cases , the device partitions often get screwed up . you need to flash a working rom -- preferably the original one -- and should have no problems doing so since you have clockwork access .
the /data/app-private directory is another location of 3rd-party protected apps . system apps that come pre-installed with the rom are stored in a read-only /system/app directory . /data/dalvik-cache contains optimized bytecode for each installed app , which allows the system to launch it faster . these ...@classes.dex files get generated at installation/update time , or during the first boot-up for pre-installed apps . also , with android 2.2 google introduced ability to move apps to the sd card . when you do this , a new virtual mount point is created under /dev/block/dm-X ( where " x " is a sequential number starting with 1 ) which points to /mnt/asec/xx.yy-1 . /data/data/ folder contains settings , preferences and cache for all apps , each within its own folder named after the package name . e.g. /data/data/xx.yyy/ .
the setting at the domain level was the issue . i enabled it , and it starting working a few hours later . this should not be an issue for standard google accounts - just google apps accounts .
from your description , it sounds like the game has two layouts and is switching between them based on the resolution of the screen ( number of pixels ) rather than the physical size of the screen . android allows you to use either or both of these to choose a screen layout ( amongst other things ) , but it is up to the app developer to get the criteria right and to test it on different devices . using resolution instead of screen size is a common problem with software ported from pc , because most pc software makes the same mistake . you can not work around this application error in stock android . it would be possible for a custom-rom to let you lie to the application about the resolution , but it would likely have undesirable side-effects ( possibly making the game unusable anyway ) . i do not know if any roms do have this feature ; trying one out requires replacing the operating system on your phone . changing the app to fix this problem would require reverse-engineering it . you had require some programming experience to do this successfully , and doing so may be illegal in your country .
the app imo has not been configured for high resolution screens and hence you see small buttons and are unable to play .
why do not you try using a 3rd party implementation just as izzy suggested . my rom does not have that feature so i typically use fast file transfer . it is a great app and only the host phone needs it . currently it does not work with host htc phones though .
my answer focuses a bit more on the sense vs no-sense ( see the bottom part for links about 2.3 vs 2.2 ) . i currently have a sense based rom on my evo and cyanogenmod on my old hero . now there are differences in the devices so that must be taken into account but here is what i have found . on my hero , i had a sense based rom for a long time and liked it ( i kinda prefer sense ) . when i tried aosp roms they tended to be faster and give me better battery-life but from time to time would cause my hero to reboot . when i got tired of this i went back to a sense based rom it was slow but never reboot on me . eventually i got tired of the slowness and went back to cyanogenmod for the hero . the other thing i liked about cyanogenmod was the photos app that would grab photos from picasa 's web albums . i did not like that the sense widgets and sense apps ( like the clock widget and app with all the integrated functionality ) were gone and the keyboard was the stock one ( personally i prefer the htc keyboard ) . now as eldarerathis already mentioned you can find similar replacements for the widgets and apps but in my attempts nothing i found was perfect - you may find that different . on my evo i have only tried a sense rom . i have excellent battery-life , all the sense functionality and with the rom i am using ( fresh 3.5 ) there is an app added that will allow you to add the google apps ( clock , photos , etc . ) or the aosp lock screen . i have the wireless and usb tether that eldarerathis mentioned as well and as he already mentioned the merits of google maps . i can not say that i have tried any rom 's for the desire either sense or aosp but here is a link to the cyanogenmod forum for the desire if you wanted to see what other people are experiencing with that rom . here are some links that explain some differences between 2.3 and 2.2 breaking them down my feature sets : http://www.differencebetween.com/difference-between-android-2-2-froyo-and-android-2-3-gingerbread/ http://www.bizzntech.com/2011/02/20/android-gingerbread-2-3-vs-froyo-2-2
i have to disagree with eldarerathis . i have never used sense , but the number of problems people have with it indicate to me that it is inferior on a reliability level . while vanilla android is not perfect either , i would certainly trust it more .
this is pretty much just a matter of preference , to be honest . i do not think you will really " lose " any functionality on a desire by going to an aosp based rom , either 2.3 or otherwise . you should gain built-in usb and wifi tethering , though , since those are a standard part of android 2.2+ . the real deciding factor will just be if you prefer the sense ui or another launcher ( adw , launcherpro , zeam , etc ) . you will lose any htc widgets since they depend on sense , but there are widgets in the market which actually mimic the style and functionality of the htc ones for just that reason . you also lose htc 's proprietary apps , since they generally use the sense framework in various ways . threads pop up on xda from time to time where people argue over whether sense is better than other launchers but it almost inevitably just amounts to each group saying " i think x better than y because i like the way it looks " .
there are some adapters that will provide yu with a usb port , where you could connect a usb-based network adapter . however , i had no chance with the one i had . i installed an access point in my wired setup , and it worked fine . mine is a d-link dap-1350 .
you can not . the tab does not have an ethernet jack and does not support it anyways . if you do not want to get yourself a wireless router , you can set up a wifi network through a computer with a wifi card . there is a guide on lifehacker on this for windows 7 . the basics : connect your pc to the wired network create an ad-hoc network on the pc ( you will want to encrypt it ) enable ics ( internet connection sharing ) connect the tab to the wifi network broadcast by the pc if you have trouble getting the pc portion to work , you should ask how to get it working on super user since they handle pc stuff like this .
similar to what matthew said i would also suggest a wifi router but use it as a repeater , any cheap wifi router will do just turn off dhcp , use as ap , change the gateway to something other than 192.168 . x . x and probably check the option to use as a lan extension .
use the combination of these 2 tools , it could be that the neighbouring wirelles is interfering if that is the case you can chage the channels . 2 nice tools to use : inssider fing - network tools
my android tablet also stopped connecting to my home wireless and reports connection out of range even when sitting in the same room as my access point ( ap ) . i have looked everywhere for a solution doing everything from restarting my ap and tablet , changing the pw and even security mode ( wep , wpk , etc ) with no success . my ap is an old router set to ap mode and uses a single broadcast channel . i went in and reset the channle from 13 to 11 and voila ! instant connection with my tablet .
you can change it in settings/language and keyboard . to do this , hold down the menu button , and choose settings . in your settings list , you will see language and keyboard . the first option in the language and keyboard section is language .
thanks samsung for fixing the issues and bugs in 4.2.2 they released a new update just a few days before and now it seems everything fine . no hanging after the latest stability update . battery backup is fine . charging time is reduced . good performance . the only problem is i cant download facebook application because it gets stopped downloading after 60 or 70 % . but i can install the app using a backup . now i am enjoying the new jellybean 4.2.2 after a few days regretting about updating my device .
guys just try factory reset i was having the same problem but now its smooth as earlier . . . .
i am thinking a factory reset could do the trick for you . make sure do backup your things with something like titanium backup .
open gmail from a computer and go to the contacts page , it might be stored there
you could try remove your account at the accounts and synchronisation panel in the settings and add it again so it will sync your full account .
also check you have not deleted them fully from source . if you have then google instructions on restoring contacts . google backs them up on restore points and this can be done for up to a month after deleting
the pricing model is nice . you can set a list price . they will sell the app for ( almost any ) price . you will either get 70% of list price or 20% of sell price , whichever is higher . so occasionally they might give it for free and that increases your sales ( without losing revenue ) or they might sell for a high price ( which is good if people ready to pay for it ) .
angry birds ( paid/ad-free ) , angry birds seasons ( paid/ad-free ) , angry birds rio . that is it , if you like angry birds , that is . these are currently exclusive to amazon 's appstore , for the time being . there are probably other apps that are exclusive as well , i do not have a list . the amazon appstore is be taking advantage of its recommendation engine and the one-click purchasing it is known for . in that regard it is leaps and bounds better than the current android market/google checkout system , must faster , however the recommendations will only take into account apps you have purchased through amazon 's system , so it might not be super useful at first . the main advantage of the amazon appstore is that you do not need google 's blessing , meaning you can install this on any device ( above a certain android os version ) that does not come with the official android market , say one of those cheap chinese tablets . you have access to many of the same apps , so long as the developer has uploaded them to both places , without the need for google to okay the device . update : if you like to play games on your phone gameloft 's commitment to use the amazon appstore exclusively is significant .
a nice feature of the amazon app store is that it is tied to your amazon account , not your google account . this means if you have two phones with different gmail accounts in the same house , you can share apps if they both log into the amazon app store with the same login . on android market , i have had to buy apps twice in that case .
there are a number of differences between the two marketplaces and while " advantages " may be somewhat subjective there are a few specific features that the amazon app store has that the market place does not . amazon claims to test each app before making them available for download to ensure that " each app works as outlined in [ the ] product description , does not impair the functionality of the mobile device or put customer data at risk once installed . " they offer one " paid " app for free each day . some apps have a " test drive " feature on their website that allows you to try the app in a virtualized android interface in your browser ( although i can not seen to find an app that has this feature yet ) . amazon is employing their recommendation engine to suggest apps you may like based on your purchase history . it should be noted that at the moment the amazon app store only works in the us ( unless you are able to use a us proxy in another country ) and the service is blocked on at and t devices .
the changelog droid app will start building a history of app changes from the date it is installed .
on the electrify , the external sd card is mounted at /mnt/sdcard-ext/ while the internal is at /mnt/sdcard/ . the two are logically separate and cannot / should not be merged . on the mesmerize , the external sd card is mounted at /mnt/sdcard/external-sd/ as if it were a subfolder of the internal sd storage , which is also mounted at /mnt/sdcard/ like the electrify . the two are just as separate as on the electrify , however , and the subfolder is not " real " . if you connect your phone to your pc you will see two separate drives for them , and the " external-sd " folder on the internal storage will show up as empty &mdash ; since it is ! i think what is happening here is that you want your data &mdash ; downloads , possibly pictures and music , etc . &mdash ; from your mesmerize 's internal sd , and you thought it was all on the external sd . ( i do not blame you , this system of having two areas both called sd is confusing . ) what i would do is : power off both phones remove any external sd cards from both phones to avoid confusion power on both phones connect both phones to your pc and mount the internal storages on both to your pc copy the content of the mesmerise 's internal storage over to the electrify 's internal storage properly dismount both phones from the pc power off both phones re-insert your external sd card ( s ) power on the electrify and go happily on your way
if you are asking whether installing cyanogenmod will void your warranty , the answer is yes . flashing a rom has much greater potential for harming your device than the average rooting method . it is not necessary to root in order to install cm in some cases , but usually it is , and cm itself comes pre-rooted . if you want to find out more about cm you should go to their website .
for 99% of devices , you have to have a custom recovery image installed on the device in order to install cyanogenmod . and usually , to do that you have to have the device rooted . so you have to have a rooted device before you can install cyanogenmod . cyanogenmod comes rooted and yes , it is an android release . rooting a device , while it will void your warranty , is not really that " bad " . think of it like having access to the administrator account on your pc as opposed to a " limited user " account . you also have to keep in mind that cyanogenmod does not work on all android devices . you can only install it on devices that are supported .
here is the what cyanogen mod is : cyanogenmod is a custom rom made by developers ( or you may say freelancers ) and it is an opensource gpl licensed software . actually cyanogenmod is modified version of actual android software released by google . developers at cyanogenmod make software specific to various devices . and if you want to install cyanogenmod you will have to root your phone and flash it with cyanogenmod . this will surely void your warranty . cyanogenmod is like installing a clean new android software and it is quite fast than stock one , as it does not contain any useless apps pre installed and also it is capable of using phone 's processor to its full level which is often limited in stock rom 's . i am using it on my motorola defy and it works fine , though there are some bugs but its okay . note : installing cyanogenmod without following correct procedure may brick your phone ( i.e. . make it permanently unusable ) . i would recommend you to read their wiki for more info .
i also faced the same problem when i brought the android smart phone . there is no way to download the apps to your computer from android market . you should have internet on your mobile to download the apps directly to your mobile . there are some websites where you can download the apps into your computer . for ex : mobiles24 , getandroidstuff , etc . . and more over some of the android apps need internet connection to work .
actually you can download from google play to your computer . all you need is the google chrome extension - apk downloader . just select an app on google play then on the top right corner will have the apk downloader symbol . click it and download the app in . apk format . then just transfer the app to your phone with either bluetooth or usb then install the app like normal using app installer on your phone . simple way to install is just click on the file in your phone then click install . also when you are trying to use the apk downloader . they will ask for a device id for your phone . enter # #8255# # in your phone dialer then you will see your device id . just insert your name , e-mail and device id in the apk downloader settings in extension list and you can use it .
if your computer has internet access via ethernet , and also has a wireless adaptor , you can use connectify to set up your own wifi hotspot for your phone to connect to . you can then download and install apps normally .
install mobogenie software fro , their official site its free and easy to use and install every app for android java etc
if you have windows7 running the computer which would allow for an ap configuration of connectify , then it will work . but for windows xp or vista running computers , the only mode connectify can be configured is ad-hoc , which unfortunately is not compatible with android devices : quote : a number of recent devices do not support ad hoc mode ( but do support access point mode ) such as : android devices ( there are hacks to get rooted phones on ad hoc , but they will not do it out-of-the-box ) blackberry devices ( running 5.0 or later software ) amazon kindles ( can see the network but cannot connect ) http://support.connectify.me/entries/20307637-does-connectify-run-on-windows-vista-or-windows-xp http://support.connectify.me/entries/20316691-access-point-mode-vs-ad-hoc-mode
yes : you can connect the phone to your computer via usb , click the notification on your phone to mount the usb storage to the pc , move downloaded apps from your computer to your phone ( easiest if you put them on the sd card ) , and browse on your phone to where you put the apps and click on them to install them . your phone should have a file browser , but if it does not i recommend explorer . you will need to enable unknown sources in Settings -&gt; Applications as well . you can download apps to your pc most easily from alternative markets like getjar . if you have installed something like download crutch so that you can download any type of file , or are using a non-stock browser that will ignore android 's restriction on downloads , then you can of course just download the . apk 's directly to your device and skip the pc .
as previously stated : blow hard into the phone 's port to clear out the dust and other garbage if you are connecting it to the front of the computer make sure nothing else is plugged in connect it to the back of the computer . , much better and stronger connection than the front if you are connecting to laptop , again . , first blow into the phone 's port , do not connect anything else and try all different ports .
try the tethering and portable hotspot setting ( located in settings &rarr ; wireless and network ) , then check usb tethering . this worked fine for me .
update 12/5/2013: found out that fast charge was enabled , disabling usb debugging and storage access . i know this might be late , so this is mainly for future reference . what i have : i am running cyanogenmod 10.1 m2 ( android 4.2.2 ) on a galaxy nexus , latest firmware / band updates , using latest samsung usb drivers . i had the issues : will not connect to windows 8 computer as mass storage device , or over adb ( however android unit was charging ) . solution : full reboot . this might be a issue with android 4.2.2 ; i will submit a bug report .
go to developer options and uncheck the usb debugging option and it should work .
go to Settings &gt; Storage &gt; Options &gt; USB settings and select a desired usb connection mode .
i have this problem too sometimes , with different cables and different computer . my samsung galaxy nexus charging full , charging usb , but not see the contents . i put something under the cable that pushes it a bit up just at the connector on phone and then suddenly it connects perfectly . hope it helps .
definitely the cable for me . i notice that all of my usb cables have a much smaller diameter than the one that cam with my nexus . when i use the the thinner ones i get nothing , no charge , no data connection . when i use the one that came with the phone everything works . seems you just can not try different cables . again a noticeable difference in the diameter of the cable .
it is definitely a matter of usb cable ! i came here to solve my connecting problem , too . i then tried the cable that came with my galaxy nexus and now it works perfectly . not every usb cable works , for sure now .
go to Settings &gt; Storage &gt; overflow menu (three vertical dots) &gt; USB computer connection . you can choose mtp . from now on , there will be a notification when you plug the usb device .
check this out . do not do a factory reset yet because the problem probably has something to do with the cable not the phone . this seems to be a relatively known problem . look at this google search .
funny thing is : blowing into the phones usb solved the problem for me . maybe you try that =d
replace the usb port . you can find them ( port and ribbon ) on ebay for $13 , including shipping . there are 6 screws to open the phone up . separate the outside case ; there is 1 screw at the bottom once you open it . take out the large black piece ( i think its the mic and vibrating mechanism ) . undo the bottom portion of the antenna . undo some of the connectors on the the main board to be able to lift the bottom up some and gain access to the usb ribbon . remove and replace with new ribbon . be careful when lifting the main board and removing the usb ribbon to make sure nothing is connected so you do not rip or break anything . plug all connectors and antenna back in . put the battery in to make sure it turns on and you have reception . if you are good , turn it back off and screw everything back together . make sure you get a little kit off ebay with the tiny screw drivers and the plastics tool to pull apart the case housing .
go to settings > display > rotation . in there you might have the option to enable 180 degrees . this works for me using cm9 so hopefully it works for you .
for the process to work , requirements are : titanium backup zip file , see below the license key file TitaniumBackup_license.txt . the idea being , is copy the license file and install the app onto the new device . caveat emptor this is only for legitimate licensed titanium backup owners . device is rooted usb cable plugged into device functioning copy of adb . step 1 . easiest way , is to generate the titanium backup zip file , tap menu scroll to the bottom , titled ' special features ' tap on " create ' update . zip ' " scripting type - edify default titanium backup will be installed as - user application default select the name of the output file - titaniumbackup-6.1.0 . zip tap that selection this will create the appropriate zip file on the /sdcard . pull that zip file across to your pc , as in adb pull /sdcard/TitaniumBackup-6.1.0.zip . unzip it , the file to look for is data/app/com.keramidas.TitaniumBackup.apk step 2 . pull the license file across to pc , as in adb pull /sdcard/TitaniumBackup_license.txt final step . now with both steps completed , it is a matter of : pushing the license file across to the new device as in adb push TitaniumBackup_license.txt /sdcard . it must be the root of the sdcard , anywhere else , it fails ! install the apk , as in adb install data/app/com.keramidas.TitaniumBackup.apk now launch the titanium backup , it should pick up the license file and treat it as pro version . in the event it does not , its likely a very weird glitch in the application , try reboot the device , to see if it works , if not , report it to the developers . ( i have this problem on my xperia mini , have a valid license , and it does not recognize it despite having the license in the root directory of the sdcard ! ) the hardcore way this will apply to any app . gist of these steps , is to move the application to /system/app . remount the system as re-writeable , adb remount shell in via adb and invoke su , adb shell followed by su . move the app from the /data/app to /system/app directory for example : an app called fooBarApp its underlying name is /data/app/fooBarApp-1.apk so without further ado : cp /data/app/fooBarApp-1.apk /system/app/fooBarApp.apk ( we need to drop the -1 part of the name as system apps do not have them ) rm /data/app/fooBarApp-1.apk ( to avoid duplication ! ) at this point , the ownership may get clobbered , or the permissions , for that matter , so make it chmod 644 /system/app/fooBarApp.apk reboot
cyanogenmod rom has a built-in updater application which can periodically ( or manually ) check their servers for a new release of the rom . your current rom version and date stamp are sent ( in a completely anonymous way , no identifiable information is sent for privacy reasons ) to their servers , and any new versions are returned . the user is then presented with a notification , and can choose to download the update ( entire rom actually ) and automatically or manually flash it via recovery .
one way is to take a screenshot after the fact . this works natively on ics by pressing volume down and power key together , otherwise root the phone and install a screen capture app .
i have figured this out and it is actually pretty easy : make sure one of the home screens is blank by removing all apps and widgets . then , pinch to zoom on the screen . this will bring up a collage of all the home screens . drag and drop the screen you would like into the ' remove ' trash bin . voila .
are you sure you have the google-experience launcher ? the one that comeswith the nexus 5 and has integrated google now on the leftmost screen ? it does not come with the nexus 7 update , it is nexus 5 exclusive . you can sideload it , but since you mention " five homescreens " you do not have it . you have the stock launcher . if you are using the nexus 7 ' stock ' launcher you cannot remove or add homescreens . you could install nova launcher or another third party launcher . you can easily add and remove screens on these , through pinch out and drag screen to the ' trash can ' or ' x ' icon . specific to g.e. l : you simply remove all the shortcuts from the rightmost screen and it will automatically remove the screen itself . the reverse is true also , drag an icon out of the app drawer over the edge of the rightmost screen and a new one will be created . side loading gel : phandroid ' how to ' with links to the apk files you can easily sideload gel and you will only have one homescreen by default , and integrated google now . this should work on any android 4.0+ device . i have tested on 4.2.2 and 4.3 and 4.4 on galaxy s4 , nexus 4 and htc one .
one way to do this would be to use an app like apkbackup to get the apks of your installed apps than install them on your new device . note that the data will be lost and depending on the market version it may not notify you about updates .
not sure if you are using a usb cable or some sort of wireless connection , or an hdmi cable . if you are using hdmi you should still be able to see your tablets screen . also , check the input/output settings for your tv .
answering the question of the title : " can using too much ram drain battery ? " ( not your " real " question , but possibly useful for others interested in the questions title . ) yes , when too much ram is used by apps or services trying to run at the same time , the system may need to kill some of them very frequently , even multiple times per second , and restart them soon as they are needed by something else . that is using lots of cpu cycles , and thus some battery capacity . note that is not a normal case , like " not killing some apps manually " , it is a " very broken " state - but i have seen it happen , seems to be related to many services interfering and competing for memory .
only if the freed space is overwritten with zeros . otherwise the bits in the memory weight the same as before .
there is a big difference between ios and android . ios freezes the apps , android does not . the logic he explains in that article cannot be applied to android , where some apps will drain your battery while in the background . if you care about this , use something like greenify instead of a task killer .
think of ram like a paper notebook . you can write data into the book ( with a pencil ) , and you can erase those data and replace them with new data , but the book 's always the same weight . the book does not get any heavier , whatever you write in it . the same way , with current ram technology , the battery use of the ram is fixed , regardless of what ( if anything ) is stored in it . from android 's point of view , it does not matter whether you leave an app with the home button or the back button . pressing the back button does not kill an app or remove it from ram . swiping an app out of the ' recent apps ' list does not kill the app or remove it from ram . the only difference it makes is changing what the app shows you next time you launch it : the screen you were on before , or the main/first screen of the app . imagine you have a notebook ( as before ) , and a big bookcase with lots of reference books . you can not carry the reference books around with you , so if you need to know about a subject , you have to copy the information out of a reference book into your little notebook . when you run out of space in the notebook , you use your eraser to wipe some information you do not need again , so you can copy more information into it . all this copying is tiresome . so once you have copied some information , you want to keep it in your notebook for as long as you think you might need it . you keep track of what information in the notebook you are using right now , and what information you use often , and what information you have not used for a while . when you want to make space , first you erase the information you have not used for a while . if you have not got any of that left , then you erase some information you use often but not right now . only if you are really desperate for space ( maybe there is one big subject that takes the whole notebook ) do you erase the information you are using today . this is exactly what android 's doing with your ram . the big bookcase with reference books is like your phone 's internal storage : you can not use it directly ( because the books are printed , not written with pencil ) , so it is expensive ( it takes time and energy ) to copy data into your notebook ( ram ) to work on . a task manager app is like a schoolteacher who thinks your notebook looks untidy with all those pages of notes you are not using any more . the schoolteacher comes along every so often and erases whole pages of notes . this is unnecessary , because it does not make the book any easier to carry around : the book weighs the same regardless . not only that , the schoolteacher does not know which information you use most often - he might have a vague idea , but he does not know as well as you do - so sometimes when he erases information , the cost is an extra trip to the bookshelf , which you would not have needed otherwise . thinking about it this way , it is easy to answer your question . using more ram does not use any more power directly . a task manager app can make you use more power , because you are having to copy things from internal storage to ram that you would not have had to otherwise . in the same way , a single ram-hungry app costs you twice : first you have to write all of that app 's information in the notebook , and then when you finish with it , there is a lot of information that you had to erase ( to make space ) , which you have to copy from the bookshelf again .
as the article explained to you , it does not matter how much stuff is loaded into the ram , so that is completely okay if you do not close the applications that are idle . but if the app constantly does some activity , like syncing some data , or downloading , or even recording sound , it would drain your battery , because it uses the cpu , which sucks the energy from your battery , in that case , closing the apps would be a good thing to consider . otherwise , if you are sure that the app will not perform constant activity in the background , then you should not worry about it being stored in the ram , it is just the same as storing your files in sdcard ( i mean sdcard does not use battery , right ? ) . so just relax : ) i guess temple run does not do any activity in the background , so do not worry to leave it in the ram . hope i explained to you . cheers !
i doubt that there is a direct correlation between battery consumption and ram usage . the hardware does not know which ram cells contain ' used ' data and which not . so there can be no difference in battery consumption on that level . but i think that one could say that unnecessarily killing apps causes a few extra cpu cycles when those apps have to be re-started and therefore " uses more battery " . and yes , you definitely should let go of your app-killing habit . in most cases , android is capable of managing the system 's resources quite well and you should not bother with manually killing apps . they definitely will not drain more battery if they just idle around and consume some ram . of course , if those apps are constantly using the cpu , they will drain battery ( but this is usually a sign of a bug within the app or a badly implemented app ) .
your phone is not using both wifi and 4g , but the 4g radio stays on and stays in sync with the tower ( if you move from a 4g to 3g area while still on wifi , you will see the icon change when it recognizes the tower swtich ) . on my droid bionic ( verizon ) , i have a tasker script that turns off mobile data when i am connected to work or home wifi networks ; my battery life is greatly extended with this setup , and the phone works as i expect ( i am told that mms messages require the mobile data connection , but i rarely receive them , so i can not say if that is true ; if so , it may be one reason the radio stays on by default ) .
it is as simple as running adb install -s someapp.apk . however , the app should be ready to run from external storage . adb resides in the path to ADT/sdk/platform-tools directory . related question : move to sd card doesn&#39 ; t move everything
i had the same problem and downloaded touchdown for smartphones , which worked . will send the phone back as clearly the bundled app that came with the phone is not working but another program with the same settings worked . only bought the s3 a week ago , first phone the wifi and the bluetooth would not switch on , 2nd phone no exchange e-mail , third time lucky ?
as said in the comments the device is partitioned and you can not see all parts of the device on a non root ed device . as an example a galaxy s4 is advertised as a 16gb device , and out of the box shows 9.1 gb available . this is a common practice in android oems it would seem . ( desire x from htc 4gb , shows 1gb ) just to give you a scale of what you are dealing with from addictive tips : lets start with a list of standard internal memory partitions on android phones and tablets . these are : note : it says " standard " partitions . different companies come out with their own partitions . a good example is the galaxy s4 , and the galaxy s4 google edition . they are absolutely identical hardware in every way . until recently ( with so called ' merged roms' ) no rom from one could be installed on the other due , mostly , to the partitioning of the two devices being totally different . /boot /system /recovery /data /cache /misc in addition , there are the sd card partitions . /sdcard /sd-ext note that only /sdcard is found in all android devices and the rest are present only in select devices . lets now take a look at the purpose and contents of each of these partitions . /boot this is the partition that enables the phone to boot , as the name suggests . it includes the kernel and the ramdisk . without this partition , the device will simply not be able to boot . wiping this partition from recovery should only be done if absolutely required and once done , the device must not be rebooted before installing a new one , which can be done by installing a rom that includes a /boot partition . /system this partition basically contains the entire operating system , other than the kernel and the ramdisk . this includes the android user interface as well as all the system applications that come pre-installed on the device . wiping this partition will remove android from the device without rendering it unbootable , and you will still be able to put the phone into recovery or bootloader mode to install a new rom . /recovery the recovery partition can be considered as an alternative boot partition that lets you boot the device into a recovery console for performing advanced recovery and maintenance operations on it . to learn more about this partition and its contents , see the about android recovery section of our guide to clockworkmod recovery . /data also called userdata , the data partition contains the users data  this is where your contacts , messages , settings and apps that you have installed go . wiping this partition essentially performs a factory reset on your device , restoring it to the way it was when you first booted it , or the way it was after the last official or custom rom installation . when you perform a wipe data/factory reset from recovery , it is this partition that you are wiping . /cache this is the partition where android stores frequently accessed data and app components . wiping the cache doesnt effect your personal data but simply gets rid of the existing data there , which gets automatically rebuilt as you continue using the device . /misc this partition contains miscellaneous system settings in form of on/off switches . these settings may include cid ( carrier or region id ) , usb configuration and certain hardware settings etc . this is an important partition and if it is corrupt or missing , several of the devices features will will not function normally . /sdcard this is not a partition on the internal memory of the device but rather the sd card . in terms of usage , this is your storage space to use as you see fit , to store your media , documents , roms etc . on it . wiping it is perfectly safe as long as you backup all the data you require from it , to your computer first . though several user-installed apps save their data and settings on the sd card and wiping this partition will make you lose all that data . on devices with both an internal and an external sd card  devices like the samsung galaxy s and several tablets  the /sdcard partition is always used to refer to the internal sd card . for the external sd card  if present  an alternative partition is used , which differs from device to device . in case of samsung galaxy s series devices , it is /sdcard/sd while in many other devices , it is /sdcard2 . unlike /sdcard , no system or app data whatsoever is stored automatically on this external sd card and everything present on it has been added there by the user . you can safely wipe it after backing up any data from it that you need to save . /sd-ext this is not a standard android partition , but has become popular in the custom rom scene . it is basically an additional partition on your sd card that acts as the /data partition when used with certain roms that have special features called app2sd+ or data2ext enabled . it is especially useful on devices with little internal memory allotted to the /data partition . thus , users who want to install more programs than the internal memory allows can make this partition and use it with a custom rom that supports this feature , to get additional storage for installing their apps . wiping this partition is essentially the same as wiping the /data partition  you lose your contacts , sms , market apps and settings .
most phones use data downloaded from the cell network to speed up the initial position fix when you turn on gps : without these data , it can take several minutes to first get the position , as the gps receiver has to download all the ephemeris data ( i.e. . the latest updates/corrections about the satellites ' orbits ) via the low-bandwidth gps connection . using the cell network to download these data only takes a few seconds , and then you can get a gps fix right away if you have good visibility . it does not actually use the internet at all , which is why it is not affected by the mobile data setting , but since it does download data over your cellular connection , some carriers choose to bill for this as mobile data . see also what is assisted gps ? on this site .
your assumption that contacts , sms and call logs are automatically saved to the sd card was incorrect . they are indeed stored on the internal memory of the device . /data/data/com.android.providers.contacts/ is the most likely storage location . that can change though , depending on android os version , manufacturer/carrier modifications , or even 3rd-party apps that you use in place of built-in contacts/phone/messaging apps . unless you synced your contacts to your google account , backed up sms and call logs , they are now lost after a factory reset .
it is possible to retrieve your contacts as google may have backed it up . just add your google account to the phone and when sync is enabled the contacts will be back . but sms and call logs may not restored . also from now on use any app to backup contacts , sms , call logs etc . you can use super backup from play store .
if your phone is working on outside wifi connections , and your office computers are working fine then its probably the proxy . ask your it department they should give you a manual proxy address and port to get round the proxy and you should be good to go .
the difference is in the storage capacity , 32gb > 16gb , really , you will have heaps of space to hold photos , apps , music . . . : ) go for it if you can afford it : )
some site disassembling the galaxy s iii states a 16gb flash , seems to be the 16gb version . if that is true , i would imagine the 32gb version has a 32gb flash , that is an internal storage . the tech is MoviNAND that is just work like an mmc card , but it is mounted as the internal storage for samsung 's devices .
if you buy the galaxy s iii 32 gb you get 32 gb of internal memory , i realize that you are worried about getting perhaps 16 gb internal + 16 gb sd-card but that is absolutely not the case , and it would be pretty much false advertising and they would piss a lot of people off . i just looked up the specs and it is indeed 32 gb internal memory for the 32 gb variant . i do not know how specifically the partitions are set up since i have a galaxy nexus myself , but i would not be surprised if it is the exact same , where /sdcard is a separate partition but still on the internal memory physically . so , to answer your question : is the device storage an extension of the primary device memory , or is it treated as a separate memory area that can only be used for data storage no , the device storage is not an extension of the primary memory as far as i know , it is all internal flash memory albeit still partitioned to standard android partitions for obvious reasons , where /sdcard is one of those standard partitions even when no actual sdcard is present . so as far as i understand , you will have 32 gb of pure internal storage .
there have been reports of the sprint version being split into 12gb/12gb partitions . no news on vzw or tmobile but i would bet they are split as well . so regardless of what the other people on here have said it would appear that not all the 32gb is in one partition . see : http://www.androidcentral.com/sprint-galaxy-s-iii-review robert edit : because of this new news i will be sticking with a 16gb version since i already have a 64gb card ready to use . no point in dealing with multiple " sdcard " directories .
well the hardware needs to be properly aligned , so that where it senses your touch matches up with what you see yourself touching . there are also general algorithms the system applies to make decisions about where the center of your touch is , since your finger is not a perfect point , and so on . finally , and app needs to decide what to do with a touch . when an app uses simple widgets like buttons it is fairly simple to map the touch position to a widget . in the browser , however , it is much more difficult . determining the position of a control rendered dynamically via html ( and javascript etc . ) is a fairly complex task . you will find that most touch browsers , even on other platforms , have varying levels of difficulty with touch accuracy . so it depends on both hardware and software , but the variance you are seeing between apps is probably all due to the apps .
i fixed it by creating the sd-ext partition as another primary partition . works fine now . i hope this helps somebody .
just press power + vol + then tap wipe data and press yes . hope this helps .
the problem is likely that the internal sd card to fat32 . while this may not stop android from working it does screw up many file system related commands/programs , permissions , etc . android usually uses ext3 , ext4 , or yaffs2 for the internal sd card . the manufacturer may be able to tell you which is the one they use . you can also try formatting the internal card to ext3 and doing a factory reset ; if it already successfully installed to fat32 , it should not have any problems with an ext file format . if in fact the manufacturer does use fat32 for the file system ( which would be very odd ) , it is possible that it uses a different cluster size than how you formatted it ( ie 4 , 8 , 16 or 32 kb ) , and the file utility is relying on that information to determine sizes and it is incorrect - producing a nonsensical output of 0 . many manufacturers also encode information into the boot sectors , etc . that you may have inadvertently wiped .
why is the internal storage no longer visible in thunar ? how can i restore it to its original state ? i do not know how to adapt these instructions to my model of mid first of all you need to get adb working ( android debug bridge if you want to learn more ) . specific information regarding this is available at adb for android developers ( archos internet tablet ) as linked in the answer you provided . when you have adb ready , you should be able to run adb shell . this will give you the ability to give commands to adb and we can start accessing the device . i am quoting the answer you linked here : if the connection is ok , it will start a server and after e few seconds show the '$' prompt . this means you are connected to the tablet and have direct access to the linux shell . if you type ' ls ' you will see a list of folders that contain the operating system and all supporting files that make your tablet work . now navigate to the folder containing the flash file system by typing : cd ./dev/block/vold  if you now type ' ls ' again you should see three or four folders that have numbered names . one of them is '31:8' . this is the folder that points to the internal flash . now we can fix our problem by recreating the ms-dos ( fat32 ) file system on this partition . type the following : mkdosfs -F 32 /dev/block/vold/31:8/  this will fix the fat32 filesystem . now leave the shell by typing ' exit ' , disconnect the usb and restart your tablet . on my system this made internal storage re-appear , and after that it also mounted the sd-card . problem solved . please follow these steps and report if it works or not , please supply any error messages and i will try to help you further to the best of my abilities . is that normal that internal flash storage is reported as 0 ? will this give me any problems ? this is likely just due to the fact that the internal storage is not detected by the device . it does not necessarily mean that it is broken or lost forever . i would also like to add as a final point that messing with the partitions on the internal storage is usually a very bad idea . do not do it unless you know exactly what you are doing and why . you should always assume that messing with partitions can lead to data loss .
ability to restore deleted entries really varies from each calendar . assuming you made your entries to google calendar and did not sync it to the cloud , then no it is not possible to restore it .
generic samsung firmware md5 information : you can flash an md5 file via Odin for samsung devices . an md5 file is just a . tar file with a checksum included . odin can recognise both , and you an even just remove the . md5 and have . tar on the end , rather than the usual . tar . md5 extension samsung software has . a tar file is just a *nix archive file to all intents and purposes . note : md5 cannot be flashed by cwm or twrp or any other custom recovery . for example : lets say i download a new modem called modem_s6102dxlc2_rev01 . tar . md5 open odin place modem_s6102dxlc2_rev01 . tar . md5 in the ' phone ' or ' cp ' section ( depending on odin version ) flash modem . opening tar files : to open a . tar file you can use 7-zip in windows . link to 7 zip page note it mentions tar explicitely on the page . here is a list of free archive software for windows many of which can open tar files .
what is a md5 file ? files that contain the . md5 file extension are checksum files that are used to ensure that the data within a file is complete and has not become corrupt . an md5 file verifies the integrity of downloaded files , discs and disk images . md5 files use an algorithm that is based on the number of bits that a file should contain . the md5 file format is used by the isobuster cd/dvd copying software to verify the integrity of the copies it creates as well as other software applications . however , there are certain applications that md5 files are not suitable for , such as ssl certificate programs or digital signature file creation softwares . source : md5 file extension in other words , you may have downloaded the checksum file for the application/file/etc that you are attempting to download . the reason winrar can not open it , is because winrar is searching for compressed archives , not a checksum file .
i can see this is an old thread , but there have been a few new phones announced recently with ant+ support . this list is updated regularly : http://www.thisisant.com/directory/filter/~/60/~/ and now includes the sony z1 and z ultra ( two new flagship phones ) and the samsung galaxy note 3 .
to add to the list , supposedly samsung is going to release a firmware to enable ant+ on their s4 and others http://www.dcrainmaker.com/2013/10/samsung-mobile-devices.html
as well as the phones with embeded ant support it is now possible to use ant via a usb ant stick . the phone needs to have working usb host mode support but that is true for most modern phones . i posted some details when the anouncement came out a few months back as a developer of some ant related apps .
in order to enable ant+ in android devices there are mainly two options . one is to have a smartphone with ant+ built-in , another is to add an ant usb stick and connect it to the smartphone using a usb otg ( onthego ) cable . however , also the android applications have to be written to support the external ant usb stick . at the moment , only applications that use the official ant alliance apis are able to communicate with the external accessory . this situation will probably change in the near future , but this is the state of the art , concerning ant+ and android . for more info , check this how to : http://www.selfloops.com/resources/tech-guides.html
add nexus 5 , nexus 10 , htc one and lg g2 . root is required though . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.z2software.antplus
ant+ is enabled by sw upgarde only in phones that contains ti 1271/1281 connectivty devices
you can also go to the official ant+ website at www.thisisant.com and then under the ' directory ' tab ( www.thisisant.com/directory ) select in the filter options the following checkbox : categories > mobile phones/devices
for the tour de france google created some custom firmware to run on htc legends so that they could track the riders in real-time . it seems those phones also have the ant+ capabilities . i believe that those chips are fairly common in many phones . the protocol is apparently similar to bluetooth so it is not much additional work for the chip manufacturers , like ti , to put it into their chips . i think the biggest obstacle is the drivers for the ant+ protocol do not come with the phone . that was the custom part of the firmware that google provided . check out this article here for more about the tour de france . have a look at this link as well .
get a prepaid and leave your phone with no credit most of the time ( if you hunt around , you might be able to find operators that will keep your number for a year after expiry ) . with no credit , you can still receive calls . carry a recharge card in your wallet ( or in a notes app in the phone ) just in case you really need to make an urgent phone call . if you are almost always in a wifi covered area ( in home and in school/work ) , then you can do all your messaging using google voice , im , voip , etc . you should not need to download apps over data connection , download them over wifi . check your weather before you leave , and if you want to use google maps , cache it in the phone before you leave a wifi-covered area ( alternatively , find a mapping software that uses offline maps ) . with this , your phone can live off electricity almost exclusively .
yes . i agree with everything that bryan has said but want to add . . . you can use an app like phone usage that helps you monitor your network traffic . the pro version ( $2.35 ) also allows you to set data limits that will send you a notification if you go over . so you could set it to 125 mb and you had know when you are getting close and you can throttle down your usage . verizon has a 30 day return policy ( although i think they are changing it to 15 days ) so you can monitor your traffic and if you find that you are using waaay too much you can always cancel and go back to what ever you had before . another useful app ( if you have rooted your device ) if droidwall which lets you set which apps can access your 3g connection . this would be useful if you identify that an app that requires background sync and uses a lot of data . it would also be good if you are getting close to you 150 mb limit and want to lock down your data usage . finally , many apps let you set a wifi only rule . for example beyondpod has a setting in the apps that says " only download podcasts when on wifi " but if you really want to take control of your phone you can download tasker and set an almost unlimited set of rules for how your phone operates .
using wifi == not using your data plan . so that will help reduce data usage from your provider . so long as you are not streaming ( music/video/youtube/etc ) or downloading large amounts of data ( podcasts , for example ) then you should be fine . or at least save those activities for when you are on wifi . downloading apps : each app can be anywhere from 100kb to 10mb+ in size . save these for your wifi unless it is an update you really need then and there . weather/maps : should not be too heavy of data . same with google voice .
ezpdf does bookmarking , multicolor highlighting , annotation list , etc . . . and it is saved to with the pdf when later open it in skim . idk what epub is , but it sounds similar to what ezpdf does
the kindle app allows you to highlight and make notes on both books from the amazon store , and other files like drm free . mobi and txt files , if you copy them into the kindle folder on the sd card . these notes will not sync to the web or to other devices , but are stored with that book on your phone , and you can search through the book for your notes and highlights and see them later .
fbreader or coolreader do read epubs , and you can select text/make bookmarks there .
repligo reader ( $5 ) allows you to copy text and to make annotations . also , if you convert them to epubs the nook app allows you to make notes . it may let you copy text on a non-drm'd book but i do not have any of those so i am not able to test it . ( just note that while the nook lets you read pdfs the nook app currently doesnt .
widgets/apps which might help ( also with other phones ) take a look at fast reboot . the app claims to work on non-rooted devices ( does not require root ! ) . trouble is , this does not perform a full reboot , but just " kills all processes " to simulate a fast boot ( i guess this includes the " system server " , so it comes very close to a reboot ) . another " app " you could give a try is simple reboot . it does not mention root anywhere in its description , but claims to be a shortcut to the boot option . not tested , but it might do for you . secret codes / service menus almost all real-boot solutions seem to require root , so it will be hard to find anything suitable . but : it could be that one of the built-in service menus offers an option to ( re ) boot the device . you can invoke them via your dialer program , entering a " magic number " . examples would include : *#*#197328640#*#* ( one of the service menus ) *#*#4636#*#* ( or *#*#INFO#*#* ) system information ( this one should work on all phones , and for sure gives you useful system information . i cannot remember if it had a reboot option as well -- but it cannot hurt to know this code ; ) *#7465625# ( miscellaneous service options related to the sim , afair , and coming from a samsung galaxy list ) heh ! look at this : #*2562# = restarts phone . ( source : galaxy s secret codes ) there you go ! last option should be the easiest one -- no additional tools needed . if it works . not having any samsung device , i cannot test . . .
if you can connect using adb ( usb debugging ) , you can simply use the command " reboot " . if you are rooted and have a terminal emulator installed , " su reboot " will do the same thing . the reboot command will also accept arguments of " recovery " or " bootloader " , which will reboot you into the recovery or bootloader respectively .
robert excuse me in french , le problem avec le serveur df-dferh-01 , vient du fait que votre appareil est trs rcent et que les serveurs de votre oprateur internet ne sont pas mis  niveau , si vous avec un tlphone avec une version ancienne pas de probleme avec google play si vous avez un tlphone ou tablette neuve avec les dernire version androd = pas de google play . le responsable est votre oprateur internet ! ! ! ! oui veuillez faire suivre l'information merci et patience google translation : robert excuse me in french , the problem with the server-dferh df-01 comes from the fact that your device is very recent and that your operator internet servers are not upgraded , if you have a phone with an older version no problem with google play if you have a new phone or tablet with the latest version google android = no play . the operator responsible for your internet ! ! yes please forward the information thank you and patience
it was indeed wifi channels ( as per phunehehe is comment ) - setting the router to use band 11 suddenly brought the access point back into being detectable . excellent .
alright everyone , i think i may have found something , so if anyone is having this problem , hopefully it can help . i believe it is a problem with google maps . for me , sometimes , when i launch maps and the gps icon flashes a few times without locking and disappearing , that is when the problem starts . well i had the google maps traffic widgets active , and i would use those all the times and did not realize it was not locking the gps , but my speedometer apps would not work , or even maps would not work i uninstalled maps , and reinstalled , did not help . this is what i found that works - do not use the traffic widgets , just open maps and look at traffic if you need to . the second is , if you open maps and gps does not lock , exit maps . open up gps status , let it lock - for me i do not even need to clear or update agps info , but you may need to . exit gps status , not open your speedometer app or maps , and it should work . i have been able to ' fix ' the gps issue this way over the last few days with multiple reboots and intalls/uninstalls of maps . hopefully this can be helpful or at least a start to troubleshooting . good luck !
i had this very same issue with my incredible ! i did everything you described and even flashed a newer radio version to no avail . i got so frustrated i broke down and did a factory reset - for some reason it magically fixed my issue . i know it is the nuclear option here ( as well as a popular catch-all answer ) but i honestly think it is worth a shot . this also might be an excuse to bump up to cm 7.1.0 stable . fwiw i have had various strange and inexplicable issues with cyanogenmod on my incredible , this gps trouble being just one . if you are up for a slight paradigm shift i have come to really like miui and have not run into anything terribly strange ( . . . yet ) . edit : just in case , here are some great instructions for performing a factory reset from the helpful miui htc incredible installation guide ( these steps are applicable to performing a factory reset in any rom as long as you are using clockworkmod recovery ) . 3 ) open rom manager and select " reboot into recovery . " ( yes , we are assuming you have already flashed the latest " clockworkmod recovery . " if you have not , please do so now via rom manager by selecting " flash clockworkmod recovery " from the rom manager options before trying to reboot into recovery . ) 4 ) . . . from the main clockworkmod recovery menu , select " backup and restore . " then select " backup . " this will create a nandroid backup in case anything goes incorrectly during or you get a bad rom , you can always load your backup and return your phone to exactly the way it was before you began making changes in recovery . you may also restore your backup from here , but only after performing a full wipe of your phone to eliminate any trace of the old data that may corrupt your " restore " process . for more info on performing a " full wipe , " see the next step . 6 ) now to do a clean wipe of your phone . note : at this point you will lose everything on your phone that you have not backed up to an alternative storage space , via cloud , pc , sdcard . this will basically return your phone to a straight out of the box setup . select factory wipe/data reset from the list of options ( on the htc incredible , you may move your selector up and down with the trackball or the volume buttons , the press the trackball to enter your selection . ) after your selection scroll down through the nos to the " yes " and select it , and your phone will begin to clear out its memory . when it completes , you should be back at the menu to wipe data/factory reset . 7 ) after your full wipe , scroll down to the " advanced " menu , and select it . the next list of options should display " wipe dalvik cache . " select it , scroll down through the nos to the " yes " and select it . it should only take a second . this step may be redundant after a full wipe , but if you ever need to " update " a rom , its important to know where this option is , so good practice . 8 ) press the " power " button on the phone to go back to the main clockworkmod recovery options . . . . 13 ) select reboot system now , and your phone should reboot .
answering my question after the comments , it turns out only ' pc sync ' would show when creating an event by tapping on a specific day/time , but when using the ' add event ' option , the other calendars would show as an option . once this is used the first time , then tapping on the day/time shows the other options . all good .
its the resolution setting . that or your tv/monitor does not support the default setting . i was switching mine to all the different sizes and switched it to one my monitor did not support . was a total pain to switch back as i flipped it to some off size . just try every tv/monitor you can find until it comes up . i have noted on a few occasions , it does not seem like its booting up right away , i had to unplug and wait a minute , then retry .
there is currently no way to apply a user stylesheet with the default android browser . if you firefox is not available on your phone , you could install the apk manually , but it may not work since it is not supported . you could download the opera browser , connect it to remote debugging using the dragonfly debugger , and then manually apply the stylesheet via debugging--but there are a lot of steps to that and you would have to add the stylesheet on every page load . this may not be a solution depending on what your needs are for the user stylesheet .
there are two ways for something similar if all you want is black background and white text for absolutely all sites , go to about:config and disable use page colors . then set background and foreground colors to what you want . if you require a more complex stylesheet , install stylish add on , and either use your css locally or upload to the site the extension uses . case 1 will be crappy for forms . for some reason forms and the screens like add on screen or the annoying and useless mandatory home screen are not affected . forms are affected by option 2 , but add on and home screen , again , are not .
there is an app that fixes the subtitles , here . sadly , this is not built into android in any way , and i could not find any video player that has this feature built into it .
udp streaming in vlc on android is supported . udp is not a good way to stream over wifi . you will get a lot of packet loss . if you can not change that in dvb dream , there are other applications ( like tversity for example ) that can stream to android ( and other devices ) with no problems ( or little problems ) and they even transcode the video so it is in a format that is " native " to the device .
it downloads them to your sd card . i do not use google listen but i installed it and downloaded a podcast . it put it in : /sdcard/com.google.android.apps.listen/downloads  the name of the file might be something odd so you might need to rename them but that is where they are all located .
can i search for android apps that are in hebrew or kurdish ? no . afaict , there is nothing that marks the language used in the app . are all apps automatically translated into all languages ? no . the complexity of reliable machine translation so is currently beyond our current technology ; natural language processing and machine translation is still a hot research topic .
the locale app might also be able to do this .
i am not 100% sure because i have never used the app myself , but knowing that it has a million features i am sure tasker could handle this . tasker
