hang on a second , you wanted to hard reset your phone because your splash screen did not look like the one on youtube ? it is very common for carriers to change things like splash screens . you do not say where you bought your phone or who your carrier is . can not tell you if it is a fake . if it is legit , you do not say if you bought your phone new or used or if you or a previous owner has rooted it and flashed a custom rom . that would almost certainly change your boot splash screen . i have never owned an android phone that required pushing the back button during a hard reset . here is the only method of hard resetting that i have ever needed : from the main home screen , tap menu tap settings , then privacy tap factory data reset tap reset phone enter your password if required , then tap erase everything to confirm
out of the 3 android phones i have had , one had an " android " startup splash screen , one had a manufacturer startup splash screen , and one originally had a phone network ( vodafone ) startup splash screen , but was changed to a manufacturer splash screen in one of the ( official ) firmware updates . all were bought new and legitimate with manufacturer/carrier supplied firmware . i do not think you can judge anything by what the splash screen shows , especially as this can be changed by carriers and changed in official firmware updates . you need to compare it to an identical hardware model , supplied through the same channel that is running the same firmware/os version . it is unlikely that a random youtube video happens to be identical to yours in all those ways .
there are two different kinds of widget in android : appwidget : a small view of an application ( e . g . weather widget ) that can be embedded inside another application ( e . g . home screen ) gui widget : buttons , textbox , etc ; any visual interface element . i believe you are talking about the former ( appwidget ) . an appwidget always belongs to an app . an app that acts as a appwidgethost ( e . g . homescreen apps ) can lend a part of its ui to be managed by the app that provides an appwidget . in short , it is a way of embedding an application inside another application . an appwidget is usually used as a " smart shortcut" ; a shortcut that provides additional logic other than just being clickable and launching an activity . typical examples of appwidget is recent email/sms/facebook/twitter/whatever-your-favorite-messaging-app widgets , astrid 's task list , calendar widget , etc . an appwidget is conceptually a gui widget , except that appwidget is a gui widget that is not provided by android 's framework , instead it is provided by some other application installed in the system .
as far as i know , a fully updated n1 will not have any exploitable vulnerabilities to allow you to root the device . most of the older " one click " and similar methods used things like gingerbreak , which were holes in android that eventually got patched . i have not seen a root exploit on vanilla android since gingerbreak . xda 's wiki has a couple of different options regarding the n1 which work but require unlocking the bootloader , and unlocking will perform a factory reset automatically . they can be found here and basically amount to : unlock the bootloader from fastboot mode with fastboot oem unlock flash a custom recovery ( usually clockworkmod ) flash a zip file from recovery that will install su and superuser for you reboot
i found an app bookmark home which adds add bookmark to the share list . if you send a bookmark to it , it will be stored in the apps own storage , but there is an export option to save all of them in the browser bookmarks .
if your galaxy nexus is rooted , install this app : stickmount . then connect your usb to a usb-to-microusb cable ( such as this one ) , and plug the micro usb into the phone , a popup will appear asking you what application do you want to open , select stickmount . using a file manager , such as this one , navigate to : /sdcard/usbstorage/ you will find your usb files there . note : if your phone is not rooted , you cannot do this .
you must be looking for this . though it is costly , you can get local cables from radio shack or so . then , use stickmount app . note that this works only after rooting . p.s. rooting is not as complex as it sounds . you are just gaining access to your own phone . in galaxy nexus , you can unroot as well !
because that website is providing an Invalid Certificate when opened . use chrome/firefox and add a security exception to open the page i.e. click on Continue anyway when prompted .
try this link first - lg l1 support page and checkout the manuals provided . if you do not find what you need then try Live Chat provided below in the same page to ask them directly about this problem . if no chat agents available at that time try emailing them .
i had a similar issue - only seemed to happen when power had got really low and wifi was on . the way i got around it was : connect to charger shut down nexus hold " volume down " and power button until it wakes up on the bootloader screen , press up until it says " recovery mode " press power you should see the android logo with a red exclamation mark press and hold power , and then press " volume up " which should take you to the recovery menu . once in recovery mode , leave plugged in and fully charge ( several hours ) . once fully charged shut down and restart and it should get past the x . good luck !
there is a clause in the openstreetmap tile usage policy which does not allow offline storage : bulk downloading is strongly discouraged . do not download tiles unnecessarily . in particular , downloading significant areas of tiles at zoom levels 17 and higher for offline or later usage is forbidden without prior consultation with a system administrator . these tiles are generally not available ( cached ) on the server in advance , and have to be rendered specifically for those requests , putting an unjustified burden on the available resources . . . . from locus itself , you can also see that osm is not downloadable , versus google 's ( assumed to have limits , as mentioned in their tos ) .
if you check this post and the answer by google employee : http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/google+mobile/thread?tid=61ec816cf6ebd668hl=en , its known limitation rather than a security feature . the alternative as per this post by osky : http://www.google.ru/support/forum/p/google+mobile/thread?tid=2f07884f917d86ebhl=en this is a known limitation . there are a couple of ways around it depending on what you seek to achieve : logon from your browser and select delete forever from the web app . don’t sync the deleted items label i’ve chosen the second option but on the other hand i very rarely delete and am not that affected by this curious lack of feature . thing is that trashed mails should be deleted after 30 days , and since i selected to only sync 4 days worth of garbage it should only be present in the cloud for 26 of those days . to sum it up , the trash function is flawed . if it’s a viable option for you , you can chose not to sync that label and messages that you delete from trash will not show up again on your phone . see eth@n from google comment on it in the referenced thread , looks like we can hope for the future : )
i know nothing about android development , so keep that in mind . following various instructions online , however , i was able to build the source and put it on my phone . perhaps someone who knows what they’re doing can come along and explain how it really should be done . until then… install and configure the android sdk . make sure you add the sdk tools to your path . i’m building this on linux , but if you know what you’re doing it should be possible to follow along on windows . you may need to run android and install various platform software for the build to work . i did this a while back , so i don’t remember exactly what i had to do . sorry . download the source code ( requires git ) : git clone https://github.com/WhisperSystems/TextSecure.git  enter the source directory and build the app . cd TextSecure android update project --name textsecure --path . --target android-7 ant release  cross your fingers . hopefully the build succeeds . if it does , we will need to sign the newly built . apk file , textsecure-unsigned.apk , before android will let you install it . running keytool will prompt you to enter a bunch of information , as well as a password . enter whatever you please , as it shouldn’t matter . copy the apk file , textsecure.apk , to the sdcard on your phone . install it like you would any other non-market application .
factory reset means deleteing all app and leave just the one that were preinstaled . for the ones that were preinstalled just delete their data , like contacts msgs etc . if you want to delete all data when you do a factory reset i think it will promt you if you want to delete exdernal sd card to ( external sd card witch is actually the internal memory that you use for your photos etc , long story ) if you do not have that option there then just go to storage and see if you have there an option to wipe everything .
if you thoroughly checked that nothing was left , that is a strange thing indeed ( and i cannot imagine it returned " by itself" ) . but as a factory-reset usually only deletes/wipes /cache and /data , the sdcard ( internal or external ) are not touched in this process , so oyu might have missed that . some devices offer to include the sdcard with the wipe/factory-reset , though . for a real safe clean , however , even a wipe might not be enough , as files still could be restored using appropriate software . so if you are selling your device , you had better make sure your data is completly nuked : not only " marked deleted " , but really removed and overwritten . to achieve this , you can use helpers like nuke my phone .
you mention dropbox in the comments area of another answer . merely deleting dropbox data is insufficient to cleansing its folders . you must dissassociate the device from your account or the deleted items will re-synch to the device when next possible . start dropbox . settings > unlink device from dropbox . if this was not done , or done improperly , i can understand how the recovery occurred to the phone .
sounds like you custom maps is exactly what you are after .
there is an app called screen resolution that will tell you the , ummm , screen resolution : ) what device do you have , i have seen some specs for devices coming with a 12.1 mp camera , mostly by sony ericsson , but i do not think they are out yet , so it is possible that the manufacture is not lying .
there is another app called device dicoverer that give you a lot information about your device . you can also send info by email or you view you info on site . info stored anonymously i am the developer : ) i hope that will help you
you should be able to use Settings &gt; About phone &gt; Hardware information &gt; Display e.g. on my phone , it says "3.7 inch wvga resolution " ( then of course , you would have to discover what wvga is . . . ) the hardware information screen should also tell you the camera specs too .
if you follow much the same path that nick suggested , but instead go to Settings &gt; Display &gt; Display Resolution it should show you the options for your screen resolution . as for your photos , take a picture , put it on your computer and check the resolution . and let us know if you actually have a 12.1 mp camera ! ! : )
you can visit this site from your phone 's web browser which will show you your screen resolution , android version and device id .
there are many sites you could visit ( from the browser ) that will give you this detail . ex : http://ocupado.eu/info
loudness compensation boosts the volume on the high and low ends of the frequency band . as you might expect , the higher you set it , the more it boosts . it is mostly useful for balancing out the sound on cheap headphones , which tend to have poor response at the upper and lower bounds of their range . if you are putting worthwhile sound equipment in/on/around your ears , you probably want to leave it disabled .
clockworkmod recovery ( cwm ) does not work with encrypted devices . you will have to use twrp : http://teamw.in/project/twrp2
honeycomb was a tablet-only version of the os it was only ever released for a few devices the source code was never released not released until the source for ice cream sandwich was available , and even then the android devs noted that 3 . x source was not complete it never had much in the way of market share see also : what percentage of users use each of the android versions ? is android 3.0 honeycomb only for tablets ?
to build on al everett 's answer : yes , 3 . x was a tablet only version of android . the user base is phone dominated until more recently , but now android tablets are coming with 4 . x . since the first android tablets came out with 2 . x ( the first galaxy tab ) i am assuming that there was an initial tablet crowd that picked that up instead of an ipad , which was dominant in the market at the time to begin with , and then when 3 . x came out there was some hesitation for the unfamiliar since there was no way of knowing what 3 . x was like since it was not available for the phones that users already possessed .
for a vendor to release a 3 . x tablet its hardware needs to be approved by google . very few vendors hardware was approved to release their tablet with 3 . x version . devices with 3 . x are less in the market so are the downloads
this turned out to be a problem with my router - earlier today i also noticed that i could not connect to my printer either - it seems like the router had gotten in a weird ap isolation mode or something like that somehow - i rebooted it and i can connect to the s4 as expected now .
if you tried clearing the app data , resetting to defaults , changing modes and did a factory reset than the only thing left to do is take it back to where you purchased it so they can have a look at it and fix it . it is entirely possible that you have a hardware failure .
these suggestions might seem odd and they might not yield any results but they are worth a shot : try using the panorama and video settings in the stock camera , and i do mean actually use them . do not just switch to them and switch back to picture mode . if you are lucky changing modes , taking a panorama/video , then changing back to normal picture mode will reset whatever needs to be reset . in normal picture mode long-press the shutter button . try this twice , one time release the screen as normal and the next drag your finger away from the shutter button before releasing the screen . i am not sure if doing it these two ways will have different results , but i know that if you drag your finger away no picture will be taken .
did you try resetting the settings to defaults and rebooting the phone ? there is a reset option in the camera setting menu ( open camera , the setting knob , then the three dots , restore defaults ) . if that does not work , then go to system 's settings , applications , " all " tab and clear data .
what happened with my phone is that the scene selector got set to landscape by an os update or someone else fiddling with the phone and i did not even know that there was a scene selector . once i found this setting i found that if i set it back to auto ( or macro if you want to do a close-up ) that the auto-focus starting working again . hopefully this helps someone .
try this , go to settings -> apps -> all tab -> camera -> clear data .
the device does not run on the charger . it will always run on the battery , unless the battery is not present . the discharge you see can be from just applications on the device running in the background . the charger stops charging the battery when it reaches full status . note that this may not be 100% , even on a brand new battery . my battery does not charge past 96% any longer . once it reaches that , it reports full and the device stops charging the device . the device stops charging once the battery reports full so it does not over charge and damage the battery . this is why you probably see that the battery is at 98% after leaving it on the charger for a while . it does charge full ( any probably to 100% , or close to it ) but then the device stops charging once it is full . it wont just start charging the battery again when it drops below full , because this can also damage the battery if it was constantly charging/not charging the battery .
i have froyo ( 2.2 ) , and it allows you to double-tap the sender 's line if the email address is not in the contacts database , it shows you the address and asks you if you want to create an entry if the address is in the email address , a set of icons appear ( mail , text , im , etc . . . ) the contacts icon takes you to the user info . not sure what happens if contact has two emails , trying to setup test ( will run tomorrow ) .
the latest version of the gmail app ( it has not been released yet , but you can find a copy of a leaked official apk floating around somewhere ) has this feature . it adds a " more details " link on every email header so you can see the actual email addresses used . i am not sure whether this version will work on 1.5 and up , as google has not said anything yet . i know that part of their work in 2.2 was better separating the google apps like gmail from the rest of the platform , so that they could ship updates through the market . so it is possible that this will only become available for 2.2 .
if you enabled " my location " in Settings &gt; Location &amp; Security &gt; Use wireless networks then your cell/wifi and/or gps data will be sent to google to triangulate your location if there is an application in the phone that requested for location . your gps data may also be sent to google if you are using google latitude , google navigation , location-aware search , or use other location-based services . third party applications may also track your location , read their privacy policy before installing those applications if you are concerned . edit : according to android central android does the same sort of thing , boys and girls . and it is supposed to . but it does it right . instead of saving days and weeks and months of location data , it saves the 50 most recent cellular gps locations , and 200 most recent wifi fixes . and it is stored in a little file on your phone . . . . you can shut off android 's location services and stop further caching of location data . it is in settings> location and security .
try upgrading to android 4.4.2 . settings -> general -> about device -> software update -> update . : )
" application name " when it comes down to ddms and adb means the package name of an android application . therefore when creating an ddms logcat filter , you have to enter the applications package , for example for google maps com.google.android.apps.maps .
the youtube app has been and continues to be a laggy little dingleberry . here are a few things to try : is there the same level of lag when you try to load the video from youtube.com? have you tried an alternative youtube app like viral ? when updating to the latest nightly , do you clear your dalvik cache ?
in theory , probably , no -- https://groups.google.com/d/msg/proot_me/h3rdv8na9kc/4mscyosx28uj ! with the help of proot , which would simulate chroot ( otherwise requiring being root ) . https://sites.google.com/site/taldewandroid/ is a working implementation of this idea for the opnwrt distro ( not yet ubuntu though ) .
yes . see this method or this one , for example . as per eldarerathis ' comment , these are both for running ubuntu in a chroot environment .
try installing a new launcher app ( it really does not matter if you want it or not , you will only need it for a few seconds ) from the play store . once it is installed , press the home button and android should prompt you to choose a home app . choose the one you want , select " always " , and then you can uninstall the launcher app you just installed .
samsung phones that are running touchwiz ( samsung 's fork of android ) do not support native themeing , as is the case with other manufacturers such as sony and acer . you can check if you are running touchwiz by dialing *#0*# on your dialer - if a new screen appears , you are most definitely running touchwiz . to achieve support for the theme apps you see on the play store , you need to install or flash a custom android rom , such as cyanogenmod and paranoidandroid .
i do not think you can set separate default numbers . however what you could do is set a shortcut to message that contact and leave the default number empty so it can prompt you when you call . to set a message shortcut : long press on the home-screen , select " shortcut " , then select " direct message " . this will launch your default messaging app to send a message to that contact to whichever number you set when you create the shortcut . hope this helps
the only way to remove your main google account is to factory reset the phone which removes everything . your best bet will be to download an app that can backup your sms to a file .
i have tried several apps before . this is the best stand alone sms backup .
i got two explanations : apparently after searching , whatsapp shows you online if the application is open in the background , even if you are not using it . if you think you closed the app , i can think of only another explanation , whatsapp servers are loaded and can not possibly update your status real-time . if you closed the app for some time , let 's say 30min ? and it still shows you online , then must be another problem , refer to this
whatsapp by default shows your status to your contact list - only . you have the option to show your status to contact list , everyone or nobody . this option can be reached by going to settings > account > privacy based on your question/scenario , it seems that your app is not working properly . whatsapp only shows your ' online ' when you access the app or are actively on it . if you close the app - but leave your phone on , the app should not show you ' online ' . i would uninstall the app and reinstall it . of note , i would use an app like clean master to make sure that all files associated with the application are truly uninstalled to ensure that you have a clean re-install .
from the fring for android user manual , do this after starting a video chat : to switch camera , press the switch button on the left side . if it does not work on the nexus s , it is probably because they have not had time to fix it since yesterday . you can report a bug on their forum .
check out volume control + . this app lets you control the volume for the following : media , ring , notifications , in-call , alarm , system . each sound profile ( e . g . silent , vibrate , general ) can be configured .
gallery vault uses encryption to hide media . if you have done a factory reset , then there is no way to recover your previous data , even if the file still " exists " . to decrypt , you would need some sort of decryption key or file , and chances are you lost it when you did a factory reset .
reading the faq available at thinkyeah website , they state that the encrypted files are stored in the folder .thinkyeah/galleryvault located on the sd card . further more , they state that if you install the application again and use your previous password you are able to retrieve all of your secured files . relevant faq entries : where are the encrypted files ? if gallery vault was uninstalled , can i find my photos and vedios back ? since the encrypted files are located on the sdcard , and assuming that the encryption key/file is located on that location or within the vault file itself , you are able to recover your files installing the application and using your old password . since you already mentioned that you still have the " vault " file , all appears to be in order , go ahead and try .
if you are using google latitude than sorry it has been retired instead use google+ from here
log collector comes to my mind
simply download wifi hotspot . this may help you convert your pc onto a wifi hotspot and then you can share your internet connection on more than one android phone . it even runs on java phone which supports wifi . but if you have windows xp then you might get problems but if you have higher like windows 7 or 8 then it will run very swiftly . here is a link you can use to download it https://a1-downloads.phpnuke.org/en/c151454/wifi-hotspot-creator-free-download-full-review
you only need to remember the passphrase . i have done this before . if you are worried , you could always create a nandroid backup of your entire system , then wipe and install a custom rom . install tb , and try to restore an app with just a passphrase . if it needs something you lack , then you have your answer and can go back to recovery and restore the nandroid . but as i said , i have done this process already and know that the password is all that is needed .
the faq of titanium backup about crypthography states that you just need the passphrase to recover any backup . that must mean that the private key file is stored along with all of your backups , because it could never work in any other ways . the big problem with that faq is that it should states this explicitly imho so to make things clearer for us users . i took a peek at the first bytes of some backupped file ( i am talking about the application data here , because titanium backup does not backup apks period ) , guess what i saw ? i found the very same ascii sequence in the first lines of the backup files : those files are named something . gz but they are actually not gzip files ( because of the key that has been put in front of them . gzip files begin with hex codes 1f 8b 08 . those files do not ) . if you run linux and want to check it out , download two of your backups on the pc and try this command , that shows the first four lines of the file : $ head -n 4 cgeo.geocaching-20130919-000250.tar.gz  my output is : quite odd for a binary file , is not it ? by the way that must be , yes , my tb private key enciphered with my passphrase . i do not give a thing about sharing it because you would need my backup files and my passphrase as well , to get anything useful out of . now , if you run run the same command on a different backup file : $ head -n 4 com . amazon . kindle-20130919-000004 . tar . gz guess what ? you will get the same s*it ! this simply could not be a coincidence . : ) from a certain point onward everything in backup files finally becomes binary . this behavior makes a lot of sense because that would mean that we can only share the backup files and forget about everything - with the passphrase , we can recover our backups , period . still , i really think that the developer should document a procedure about how to recover our own legitimate data ( we know the passphrase , so it is us ! ) from any computer with a decent crypto tools set ( read : openssl ) .
if you do not mind a small amount of simple programming , it is pretty easy to trigger actions from nfc using microsoft 's on{x} app ( yes , bizarrely this is a microsoft app that is only available on android ) . as long as you have already got the hardware support , this lets you trigger a whole lot of actions with an nfc tag , with an absolutely minimal amount of simple scripting . see their recent blog entry on nfc for some of what you can do .
the answer of cathrawn pointed me to the right direction ( thanks for that ! ) : it is possible with on{x} and a few lines of custom code . there you go : works great for now . i am going to dive into the on{x} api a bit in order to toggle the state and so disable settings again once i want to leave work .
i have been looking at llama . you can set actions based on conditions , and one of the selectable conditions is NFC tag detected . i have not tried this myself yet , but the program is pretty well thought out . highly recommended !
what about transferring the data from your tablet to your computer and then from your computer to your phone ? besides that , i think your phone is too old to be recognized as a disk drive on your tablet anyway . some tablets can read data via usb from sticks/phones , but i think this does not support phones like yours .
at least one of the usb devices would need support for host-mode usb - which is a hardware feature and therefore can not be upgraded via software - and the other needs to report as mass storage usb device . since your tablet has otg ( =host-mode usb ) support it may be a simply compatibility issue . bluetooth may be an option , but it is slow .
the google play error -18 indicates an app update fails to write to sd ( due to some left-overs from a previous installation of the same app ; see e.g. in the app description of vitalplayer , this post on xda , or try this customized google-search for 11.900 xda-results on the same topic ) . the recommended solution is to move the app to internal storage , trigger the update again , and then optionally move the app back to sd . from this i conclude : the app gets updated in the selected storage .
from my experience with my droid after this functionality was added to android , updates " go " to where the app is . that is , i did not need to re-move the app to the sd card after an update . as far as i know the functionality for that has not regressed . ( actually , i do not think much work has been done on it at all . google would like for phones to just have internal storage . ) that said , there is probably more chance of something going wrong with an update in that scenario . you may find occasionally that you have to move an app back to internal storage to update and then move it back to the sd card . or possibly re-install . but it is probably rare . i do not currently have a device with 4.3 and an sd card , so this is a bit of conjecture based on my experience with an older version of the os . caveat emptor .
the built-in gingerbread keyboard should support multiple languages , they can be selected from the Settings -&gt; Locale and Text -&gt; Gingerbread keyboard -&gt; Input Languages menu . after this , you will see the current language on the space bar and can roll through the languages by swiping left or right on the space bar .
on sd card stored only application data , but some parts of applications are always stored on phone , so recovery is impossible - only reinstall .
your answer lies in your question itself , you have mentioned that other than games the phone runs normally ! i think its the games that are causing this , anyway to make sure of that please read ahead . can you specify if it is one particular game or all games ? if it is just the games mentioned in the other link you have provided , can you just try with the following games and let me know how it goes ? temple run 2 subway surfer the games you have mentioned paradise island and dragon city are really heavy games ! also do you play with the charger connected or disconnected ? this was unclear from your question .
this is the due to the change in the supply current between the pc 's usb port and the actual plugin charger you got with your device . current from usb port is less compared to that of the charger . hence time required to charge phone from pc usb port is more as that of charger
i think it is the battery 's problem , you should get a new battery . i bought one from ravpower and problem solevd .
my guess would be that Media Scanner was scanning a lot of files . hence , eating up cpu resources and battery . now that you have lesser files , it is probably not working as hard . see if you have Media or android.process.media in System &gt; Battery . a rogue app or a corrupted file could be causing Media to work hard . you could also try to clear the phone 's cache to see if that helps . boot into recovery mode , and clear cache partition .
did you have a look at applications such as kioware and surelock kiosk lockdown ? these seem to be able to put your device to a kiosk environment . im certain there are more alternatives for this purpose out there . another option would be to implement your own home screen application . this answer from stackoverflow might help with that . cheers !
for a solution like a kiosk you would use dev hardware where you have full access to the hardware ( jtag for example ) and then you would push your own android build with root access enabled and then push the rom to the dev board . that said , for a kiosk type deployment you would not want root access available . therefore when you push your rom root would not be enabled . i think your confusing root access and an unlocked bootloader . by a dev board and learn how to build your own roms . : )
did you put these files in the directory , or did one of your apps ? if an app did it , it might have dropped a " . nomedia " file in there too . the presence of this file keeps android from adding the pictures the gallery . use a file explorer like astro to double check for the . nomedia file . you can safely manually delete it .
you can ' encourage ' the phone to rescan the sd card by unmounting and remounting it ( settings > sd and phone storage ) , or by using a little app from the market called ' sdrescan ' ( which essentially does the same thing ) .
this turned out to be a hardware fault which is pretty common on the sgs2 units . the vibration device is mounted next to the audio jack , meaning that it sometimes fails if the jack has been stressed . there is a short video ( warning : nsfw language ) that describes the issues and how to fix them . essentially it works as following : insert a cable into the headphone jack . lightly press on the jack , in the direction of the front-facing camera ( left , if looking at the phone from the front ) whilst lightly pressing in this direction , remove the jack . vibration should be restored . . . for now . the long term fix is to get the vibration motor re-mounted by a qualified repair technician .
the phone now mounts with multiple drives . i think the problem was i had never seen that before on my previous phones and just missed it ! ! : ( my home machine has a lot of drives . i saw one , and missed the second . one drive mounts for the phone memory , one mounts for the ssdcard .
yes , very easily actually . to make your s3 emit a wifi network enable ' wifi tethering ' in System Settings-&gt;More-&gt;Tethering and Portable Hotspot-&gt;Portable WiFi Hotspot . configure the hotspot ( name , password etc ) , in the Setup WiFi Hotspot menu . to connect your tablet to the wifi network enter the tablets wifi settings , and turn wifi on . select the wifi network you configured on your s3 ) . select connect . if you setup a password , you need to enter it . other info if you do not see the wifi hotspot option , then your network has disabled it . if you are rooted you could use an app such as wifi tethering - just be aware that this will produce an ad-hoc hotspot , and stock android cannot connect to these types of hostspots . there is currently no way , afaik , to create a standard wifi hotspot without using the stock android tethering system .
i assume that you have 3G/LTE connection on your Galaxy S3 and want to use that connection on your Galaxy tab2 , so you would have internet on it . ok ! here is the solution : on galaxy s3: enable internet ( 3g/lte mobile data ) go to settings -> wireless and networks -> tethering and portable hotspot ( the path and names may be different on your phone ) enable portable wifi hotspot click on " Configure Wifi hotspot" and define a desired ssid and password for your network . now , on your galaxy tab 2: go to settings and enable wi-fi in the list of available wireless networks , find your wireless network created on galaxy s3 , and tap on it to connect enter password of the network you created on s3 and then it should connect to your galaxy s3 and use its internet connection . more info : http://support.google.com/android/bin/answer.py?hl=enanswer=168932 if your network ( sprint ) has disabled tethering on the phone , you may want to use 3rd party apps to enable tethering ( liam has pointed to one of them in his answer )
best way is to enable wifi tethering . bluetooth also works .
what i did is to root my samsung s3 and install a wifi tether apk file so i can get free internet on my samsung tab 2 .
samsung galaxy tab 2 and motorola photon you can get internet thru bluetooth
what exactly have you tried so far and what happened ? in any case , unrevoked should work to get you root . there is a step-by-step here on xda .
i show the setting under Settings | Wireless &amp; networks | More... | Cell broadcasts  with three options to choose from : show extreme threats show severe threats show amber alerts ( android 4.1.1 / galaxy nexus )
it is Settings-&gt;Call-&gt; *uncheck* Cell broadcast -&gt; *click* OK to the confirmation question .
just go in downloads --> select other downloads ( and it will appear facebook build 141046 ) --> select it --> click cancel or settings--> apps--> all--> download manager--> force stop disable and clear cache then enable again
try : -long pressing the notification . -a small dialog that says " app info " will appear . -press " app info " -press " force stop " .
for security and reliability reasons , private app data are stored in a directory that is only accessible by that app , unless you have previously rooted the device . the only data visible from an mtp connection are files that apps have chosen to share in this way by putting them in the " shared storage " . as well as stopping an attacker from circumventing the screen lock by doing exactly what you are doing , it also stops users breaking apps by messing about with their data files .
you might be able to use an automating app like ifttt or automateit , etc to tell your phone to take any contact you save to the phone and copy it to exchange . i have not found ifttt to be that good for anything other than automatic social sharing but i have not checked for what you want to do , and there are many others automating apps .
according to the manual of your phone , you can not set a default save location , but on page 49 , it is mentioned that if you use " people " , you are prompted to select the desired location for the new contact : from the home screen , tap " menu " > " people " . on the " all " tab , tap " add contact " . select the " contact type " , for example google or microsoft exchange activesync . this determines which account the contact will sync with . for more information , see “ways of getting contacts into your phone” in this chapter . in the name field , enter the first and last name of the contact , then tap ok . enter the contact information in the fields provided . press " back " if you want to close the onscreen keyboard first and easily scroll through the other fields . tap " save " .
samsung replaced the screen ( it was under warranty )
i would suggest a full wipe , maybe it is a glitch . otherwise it sounds like a hardware problem . by the way , i have understood that it is a bad idea to use a nandroid backup from another device since some device-specific information could be moved as well .
this sounds reminiscent of a " feature " that is present on the s iii . try going into the settings . in the device section , click display , then in the screen section , click screen mode . you probably want to change it from dynamic to standard . ( some of these things might be named differently on the s4 , in which case please edit the new names into this answer . )
is this similar to the yellow tint issue with the s2 before ? then , it is probably a hardware issue . related post : what to check when buying a used device in the link you gave , i would think that light_addict 's issue is hardware-related . see if your shop will replace it . try to compare it with other existing phones of the same model , using the same setting ; you might want to do a factory reset so they will believe you there is a difference in color .
sounds like a hardware issue . i suggest promptly replacing it with your carrier before your return grace period is up ( 30 days with at and t , for example . ) you will need to do this at the same store where you purchased the handset . i have the exact same problem with my new atrix . unfortunately ( for me ) i unlocked its bootloader , so at and t is refusing to honor the warranty . i sent it in to motorola for repairs , but it is still doing the same thing ( moto was nice enough to re-lock the bootloader , but at and t is still not budging . ) in my case , i have a feeling that it is either damaged battery contacts on the phone , or perhaps a faulty battery itself . i am planning to send it to motorola again ( on their dime this time ) to see if they can fix it for real this time .
i have been noticing this too - it seems to only happen when i am enabling > 2g data access . i have managed to cut down the amount of reboots by installing cyanogenmod 7 and a custom kernel , which i found here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1156040 it is down to 1 or 2 reboots a week now , which is manageable .
it seems that old installation of locale was making problems ; since after uninstalling it problems disappeared . i still do not understand how is it possible for app to influence android systems so badly , since every app should run in it is own sandbox , but at least problem is solved .
try checking this link out there are a list of media players that may work for you if you have not tried them already . top 10 media players for android phones
there is an app called " just playlists " that states the " none repeating shuffle " as one of its features : http://www.androidzoom.com/android_applications/media_and_video/just-playlists_byqz.html
try trmp random music player . it has a great shuffle engine !
android scans your sd card . when it finds an mp3 playlist ( m3u file ) it looks for media files in the same path , if it does not find any , it deletes the playlist because it thinks it is empty . to stop this from happening create a file in the folder with the m3u file called .nomedia . this will tell the media scanner to ignore the content in the folder .
as of now , i have not seen or heard of anything free . you have already mentioned the closest alternatives in your question -- google docs or documents to go/quickoffice . something we may see in 2012 ( but possibly later ) is libreoffice on android . they are looking at creating both cloud-based and local mobile implementations . if these come to fruition , they will really kickstart the market for office suites on portables .
on the htc desire x the memory ( you would think you get 4gb , but you do not ) the partitions are as follows : system is 940 mb , data is 1 gb , ( this is what you get for your apps really ) ' phone ' storage is 1 gb 1 gb towards " internal sd " . basically you only get 1gb on the device for your apps . you could use a micro sd card to expand your storage and move your pictures/music/media to it , and some apps still support app2sd functionality . keep in mind chrome can run up to 300 mb no problem , so a cache cleaner may well help you with storage . lifehacker article on what to do if you run out of space . you can not really mess with the other partitions without rooting and then partitioning your sd card with an ext3/ext4 partition and a rom that supports link2sd to ' trick ' your phone into believing there is more internal memory . these partitions contain android , htc stuff , system apps , data partition etc . so you get 1gb in all ( you have 138mb left ) . Otherabove is the os , htc apps and other android related things , that you have no access to ( without a rooted device ) .
many phones , like mine , are having an issue where the phone " thinks " a headset is plugged when it is not ( or vice versa ) . this can cause the phone to shut off one of all of the speakers and possibly the microphone as well . this basically renders the phone useless as a phone . i created an app named soundabout that will detect when a headset is plugged in or out . the first time it will warn you and let you know that if you did not plug a headset in that there could be an issue . to combat this , go into soundabout , click on " headset behavior " , and un-check the " wired headset detection " setting . then reboot the phone to clear out any queued headset intents .
this a policy enforced by the server admin to control the access to mails . it is a normal behavior . the client just sticks to the exchange policies . in other case , it is the operators that want the client to behave in this manner .
i do not think this is a setting on your phone or has anything to do with data transfer or memory consumption ( at least as far as your device is concerned ) . i think this is a policy enforced on your exchange account . exchange activesync allows account administrators to define policies on how email is delivered to and stored on your device . specifically , an email retention policy called maximum email age specifies the maximum number of days of email items to synchronize to mobile devices . according to microsoft , exchange 2013 allows the following options for this policy ( emphasis added ) : all , oneday , threedays , oneweek , twoweeks , onemonth htc has a pdf document that outlines the supported microsoft exchange policies in htc sense ( sense is your phone 's stock ui ) and this policy is supported by your device . it would seem as though your account 's administrator has set this policy to only allow three days ' worth of email storage . justifications for this kind of policy vary ; i recommend contacting your account administrator ( or whoever operates the exchange system you use ) .
i am assuming you have a power cable plugged in . in that case you will have to unplug the cable , turn it on and plug it in as soon as something appears on the screen . i have had this problem several times when trying to flash the phone while tethered to a computer and forgot to take out the usb cable when rebooting .
perhaps this was the problem ? ( from the forum thread you posted ) : originally posted by prbgd i am totally confused now . i just got confirmation from asus a few days ago . the tech person there said the gps ( us model ) will not work if there is no wifi . this is a firmware issue . it may be fixed in next firmware update . update : after the latest firmware upgrade today , gps is working great now even without wifi . if that was not the problem : sometimes when i use my android device without cell signal it can take quite a while to get a gps fix . i think it might be a combination of it using cell towers to improve gps fix time , and having a connection to the internet to download gps assistance data . if you do have an internet connection when you are trying to get a gps fix , the gps status and toolbox app will let you download gps assistance data , which could possibly improve your fix time . just install the app , open it up , go to menu --> tools --> manage a-gps state --> download .
it definitely is a software configuration . there are 2 possible reasons for this problem : servers its contacting - when google maps on your tablet/phone contacts the gps satellites , its done through a special set of servers . sometimes , the manufacturer might have set the system to connect to a set of particularly busy servers . it has been shown that connecting to other servers with lower traffic can give dramatically faster lock on times . possible bug in the initial configuration - when the manufacturer was setting up the initial build configuration , an unintended bug could have been introduced . the solution to both can be done i believe through a simple fix in the gps . conf file but that would require root access . when i was running the stock firmware on my asus transformer , i was having the same problem . now i am running a custom rom and i have no troubles with lock on in google maps .
when the battery is low , the phone will turnoff services/processes , like sync , to save energy . it may help if the phone is kept charged .
this is something added android 4.3 and is featured on the moto x . the phone passively listens all of the time for you to say " okay google now " followed by whatever your command is . ( there is a special low-powered cpu being used to listen , which is why it is not available on every device with 4.3 . ) ( here 's a video demo by slashgear . ) i expect to see this more frequently as new hardware comes on the market .
negative . the htc desire hd does not have an nfc chip .
i think in many cases updates are to the system partition . the storage on your phone is split across different partitions , the system one is not where you download third party apps to and usually run out of space . so anything an update does on the system partition would not count against you , unless it repartitioned the storage to give system more room , which is rare and usually only heard of in bizarre cases where the device just could not support a newer version of android any other way . please make sure you have gone through the list of apps in your settings and moved any that you can to your sd card , by the way , if you have one . if your phone is rooted , there are other options as well , such as removing system apps that have been updated and are using space in the usual user partition for their update data , etc . .
this is possible , if the phone is rooted . and i suppose it might even be worth doing if you can get an old g1 off craebayslist , but probably not with the device that is your " phone " . normally when you connect your android device to a computer ( or the tv ) and enable mounting , it mounts the sdhc card or non-removable equivelent . but that is not the only possibility . with some root level reconfiguration ( replacing vold ) the usb storage driver on the phone can actually be pointed at anything that looks sufficiently like a disk - ie , a physical disk , or a file containing a disk image . since there are also ways to get the linux underlying a ( rooted ) android device to mount a filesystem served over the network from your pc , you could now point the usb storage driver at a file on your pc containing a disk image of a fat filesystem containing the media you want to serve . ( there are some potential shortcuts to merge the steps , but it will be easier to get the pc-to-android and android-to-tv parts working separately first ) you would still have to create disk image files on your pc much like you now copy things to usb sticks , but you could automate that and only eat up hard dive space having duplicate copies in the images , and you would not have to physically move the usb stick .
there are definitely android dlna clients and servers which will allow you to share or receive videos or other media over a wireless network , see these previous questions : dlna enabled media player ? what can i do with dlna on an android smartphone ? can i get dlna on my droid ? what is the android answer to air video server ? if you have a tv with a usb port , you should definitely be able to mount your phone 's sd card as a drive and play the files on it ( assuming they are encoded with codecs that your tv understands ) . also if you have a phone with video or hdmi out functionality you can play videos direct to the tv over a video or hdmi cable . but , i do not think you will be able to do things quite the way you describe . i do not know of any tvs that will mount a usb device as anything other than a mass storage device ( usb drive ) or a network adapter ( normally only specific manufacturer approved adaptors ) , and it sounds like you want to stream movies via your phone rather than just play them from its storage . one problem you are going to face is that on an unmodified android phone the moment you mount your phone as mass storage to one device ( eg your tv ) it is no longer accessible to other apps on your phone ( such as whatever 's receiving it from your pc ) . tl ; dr three realistic options : plug phone into pc copy movies onto sd card , unplug phone , plug into tv play as files if your phone has tv-out , video-out or hdmi-out , plug your phone into the tv that way instead of usb and then either play from its storage , or from a streaming video client if your tv is network connectible , use a dlna client on your phone ( see above question links ) to push the movie from a dlna server on the pc ( eg windows media player on win 7 , or twonky server ) to a dlna compatible , network attached tv ( or media streamer box attached to tv ) .
you are looking for some fairly advanced features . have you considered using a virtual pbx like freeswitch to manage your incoming calls instead ?
on all my devices , if there are more than one app to be updated , i can see the Update &lt;x&gt; button above the apps list , in the header bar with the " updates " text . this will update all apps that do not require manual updates .
android allows downloading of any file type irregardless of size ( fat32 formatted sd cards however allow only up to 4gb per file ) . many file explorers come with built-in zip support -- and again , many also offer access to network ressources via ftp , sftp , ftps , samba ( windows network ) , and more . some good examples for these include : es file explorer file manager : compress and decompress zip files , unpack rar files , can create encrypted ( aes 256 bit ) zip files [ . . . ] ; samba , ftp , bluetooth , dropbox , box .net, sugarsync , google drive . . . astro file manager / browser : zip/ tar ; bluetooth and samba ( via addon ) , sftp , and ( explicitly mentioned ) a downloader total commander : zip and unzip , unrar ; bluetooth ; ftp and webdav ( via addon ) of course they offer a wide range of additional features . downloading then either takes place using the file managers network capabilities to browse the resources and copy the file ( as you are probably used to with file managers on your computer ; on windows , total commander is already widely known and used ) -- or , alternatively , using the web-browser , which then stores the file on disk . once on the local file system , the mentioned file managers offer you to open/extract the archives ( a zip file is an archive ) either when directly tapping on the file , or via its context menu ( usually opened on tap-and-hold the file entry ) . should be pretty easy and self-explaining -- though some of the file managers also offer tutorials / online help / inline help to guide you : es file explorer help topics es file explorer support forum astro file manager introductional video astro file manager getting started guide total commander beginners tutorial total commander advanced tutorial
yes , provided you have got an application to deal with zip files , you should be just fine : winzip for android by default there is already apps within your os to deal with zip files : best is access a zip file thru your browser , download an open one . a window should pop-up , with some recommended apps already on your system .
for what its worth , the issue stopped occurring after i changed the whatsapp notification light color to white . i think it might have something to do with the fact that whatsapp and hangouts both had the notification light color set to green . if this happens to you try providing a distinct notification light color to all the apps .
the power consumption is not noticeable . even a tiny watch battery can run a small led for a few days continuously . increasing the blink rate will not change the power consumption at all : what makes a difference is how long the " on " part of the blink is compared to the " off " part . this is called the duty cycle of the led . most led controllers use the duty cycle to control the brightness of the led ( because leds are not sensitive enough to voltage ) , so even when the led appears to be on continuously , it is actually blinking faster than you can see . you can see this by waving the phone around in a darkened room : instead of tracing a continuous line in the air ( like a sparkler or torch does ) , it looks like a dotted or dashed line . if you can keep the waving speed constant , and measure ( or estimate ) how long the dashes are compared to the gaps , you know the duty cycle . the only reason for the led to blink is a human one : to make it more eye-catching , so you can see when you have a message ( or whatever ) .
in handcent you can set delay settings for individual contacts . i am pretty certain if you set this then the global setting will not override it so maybe you have set the delay to 0 on some contacts . hope this helps .
sad to say , cyanogenmod is not working on this model and will not work in the future too . you could find enough help from communities like xda-developers . one link that might help is : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2293155 there are some custom-rom developed by members of xda . never ever ever ever forget to backup your stock rom . there can be a lot of bugs in these customrom . common issues found for desire aka magni are screen flickering , wifi problem , sd-card not being detected etc . i would suggest you to first root your mobile and try installing safestrap bootloader as your first babysteps before taking a leap into installing the customrom . xda is the only place where you could get this done .
i realized last night that since i have 2 factor auth enabled for my account , i might have to generate a new application-specific password in my google account settings . i generated a new one and successfully synced with my new email using it .
you can get official un-official and aosp based roms ( cm ) for the xda discussion here http://forum.xda-developers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=1002 the aio tool should help you install eu roms on your device http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2020737
i try to not read this as " is there an app . . . " , as that would be off-topic according to our guidelines ( see what topics can i ask about here ? for details ) . so apart from looking for a different app to save some peanuts , you could live with the ads ( according to its description , the app is available for free with ads ; there is no note to the cloud feature being restricted to payment , neither does the related description on the product 's webpage , nor the faq on how can i synchronize my devices mention that ) . according to krampus ' comment below , the cloud functionality seems to be restricted to " premium users " indeed , though none of the material cited says so alternatively , there is the possibility to utilize a synchronized calendar ( like the google calendar ) for that : create an event , which then is synchronized across your devices . so the alert should trigger on all of them .
there are several factors . no carrier or manufacturer bloatware . if you want to test apps or os changes and be sure you are not hitting some device-specific bug , a nexus device makes it less likely that will happen . they all use the same tool for flashing roms : fastboot . not all third-party devices use it , and having to learn a new set of commands for every device you have is quite annoying . easy to unlock bootloader . many third-party devices do not give you a means to unlock the bootloader ( in order to flash your own rom ) without tricksy hacks . sometimes the manufacturer does this ; sometimes the carrier adds it to avoid you getting around their restrictions on tethering or something else . on nexus devices , it is as easy as fastboot unlock-bootloader . you can compile your own rom for a nexus device from the aosp sources . if you want to hack on android itself , or if you simply want a userdebug build in order to allow more debugging options for apps , it is as simple as downloading and compiling the source . third-party roms do not usually have source available , so to build a custom rom , you have to reverse-engineer the rom and/or port aosp to the device yourself ( or wait for other modders to do it ) . this is why the t-shirts worn by engineers on google 's nexus programme describe it as " pre-hacked android " . google puts a lot of work into keeping the logs ( the ones you get from logcat ) clean , to make development easier . they block code changes that add too much noise to the log , so that it stays useful for debugging . other manufacturers are not usually so careful : they do not see the log as something their customers will want , so they let it get noisier and noisier with driver debugging info nobody will want to look at . clean logs make it much easier for app and os developers to see and debug the behaviour of their code . nexus devices tend to get updates to new android versions before third-party devices . if you are an app developer , and you want to make sure your app works with a new android version as soon as possible , or you want to take advantage of new features and test on a real device ( not an emulator ) , then you do not want to wait for a third-party manufacturer to get their finger out and port the new android version to their hardware .
in addition to what dan hulme wrote , i would like to add that nexus devices have sick firmware images for previous versions of android , which can be easily installed . you can downgrade your galaxy nexus to ics , or your nexus s to gingerbread . the nexus 4 shipped with 4.2 but soon yours will have 4.4 . you will be able to load older versions later on if that kind of testing is important to you . i found this to be very valuable when testing with the nexus s because it went from 2.3 to 4.1 . you can even rely on cyanogenmod to extend the life of the phone as a test platform , if you trust that cyanogen is sufficiently close to stock for app compatibility purposes .
it turns out that just because you can see and use a map online , that does not mean that google will allow you to make the area available offline . offline maps are only currently available for certain countries , and brazil is not currently one of them , in fact it seems to be a fairly odd selection . google have published the full list of countries that it is available in here : maps for mobile - offline availability edit : note that in a july 2013 google maps update , google made offline maps into a hidden feature with no menu option any more . more about how to make maps available offline here : get offline maps in new google maps
i found that i was able to remove the version of google maps i had installed ( which was 6.11.1 ) and downloaded and installed an older version ( 6.6.0 ) from here which allowed me to pre-cache the area i was previously not allowed to . but in the older version i had to go to settings , labs and turn on the pre-cache option and then long press on the map , click on the balloon , and then scroll to the bottom for the pre-cache option . i do not understand why downloading maps of certain areas is not allowed in newer versions . obviously its not a technical reason . is there some sort of political or legal reason ? other map apps can download maps for the entire world . it really does not make any sense to me . . .
you are out of ram i think . clean the ram memory in task manager . use any other apps like advanced cleaners which you can easily find in play store to remove other junk files . post what happened .
this was fixed in the 4.3 update that came out for my phone lately . all done .
use a synchronization tool like e.g. foldersync , which should take care for timestamps accordingly . synchronization tools should be specialized in handling all aspects of really maintaining synchronous copies -- including time stamps , of course .
check the exif data and see if there is a timestamp there . if there is , photo date correction will allow you to overwrite the botched file timestamp with the exif one , giving you back your proper sorting .
this is a question which really trouble me a lot when come across with devices which only have mtp but not the mass storage mode . i also have concerns about it with exactly the same reasons with mahn . after some testing , i have find a temp solution which maybe able to preserve the timestamp . it makes use of the excternal sdcard / otg card reader and also the cp command with -a the timestamp will be able to preserve . but the requirement is the phone need to be rooted . first copy the data to sdcard . read it with memory card slot / otg card reader use adb shell and acquire root permission ( su ) cp -a * the data from card to internal memory .
i have nexus 4 and had the same issue with timestamp and photos ( indeed all the files ) . here are the command lines ( with a rooted phone ) i used thanks to this post ( on ubuntu ) : sudo apt-get install android-tools-adb ( on ubuntu if android sdk is not installed ) adb devices cd /media/my_backup_folder_where_i_put_a_folder_with_all_my_data_named_"savandroid"_in_it in order to go in my folder " backup " witch contain the folder " savandroid " adb root adb push savandroid /sdcard all files and folder that are in " saveandroid " are sent to sdcard worked nicely with all timestamp correct ! tips : on cyamogenmod i had to select root for " apps and adb " in developers menue by default it is only set on apps
i have the exact same issue . it seems that it is being blocked by fuse on the nexus 4 running stock jellybean 4.2.1 . that info was taken via an adb shell session ; i presume that fuse will be in the mix for all app-level accounts . tl ; dr from the looks of it , it can not be done without rooting the phone .
preserving date modified on nexus device --- no root needed --- from android to pc : use mtp from pc to android : use droid explorer cheers . . : ) it preserve date modified . i dont know how droid explorer does it . but it just works . make sure usb debuging checked before use droid explorer . um . . there is one limitation though . . droid explorer only can transfer files , not folders . with droid explorer , copy files into android phone on some specific folder then with file manager inside android , move those files into folder we want , do not use copy because copy will alter date modified while cut does not .
my solution to preserve modification date during file copy on android device with mtp : tested on lg g2 stock ( without root ) , andorid 4.4.2 and htc one m7 , andorid 4.4.2: network share of the folder to copy on the computer ( win 8 ) use syncme wireless to copy files from computer to device as far as i can see , the modification dates are fully preserved !
you can not , this is a current permission problem ( bugreport here ) of android 4.0+ 's /sdcard folder if it is not using fat32 ( but fuse ) . reason : there is a transition away from fat32 to unified user storage for both apps and media data ( using ext4 ) on a single file system . we got tired of seeing oems include many gb of internal storage for music , while users were still running out of space for apps and data . this approach lets us merge everything on one volume , which is way better . -- dan morrill , android engineer at google the old fat32 properties are emulated using a fuse layer to be compatible with existing apps . also : /data/ and /sdcard on google devices starting with the nexus 7 use a single partition only ( /data/media represents the " sdcard " content and is exposed using the fuse layer to apps ) . here 's cyanogenmod 's implementation of the fuse driver if you are interested in seeing the source . looks like setting timestamp attributes is implemented , though . edit : it only works with root . exact reason : all files are owned by root . sdcard_rw ( see here ) . a caller withouth uid=0 can not call the utimensat ( ) syscall , it fails in the vfs layer already ( eperm ) for timestamps other than current : the caller 's effective user id must match the owner of the file ; or the caller must have appropriate privileges . to make any change other than setting both timestamps to the current time ( i.e. . , times is not null , and both tv_nsec fields are not utime_now and both tv_nsec fields are not utime_omit ) , either condition 2 or 3 above must apply .
backup solution using " sandisk memory zone " to preserve timestamp date . copy/moving files from android device to external sdcard - tested on samsung note 2 , note 3 and mini siii just backup your photo files to sdcard and move the card to other android , pc , apple or other device - if not used to backup your photo files , follow this simple 8 steeps instructions " search on google play and install " sandisk memory zone " . start the app and wait for index file to finish . select backup/restore and change or mark settings . select memory card destination and what to backup ( contacts , sms , photos , music , etc ) . verify required and available capacity , and go on continue botton . wait for the backup to complet . now you have a copy of the files in your sdcard on " . memoryzone_backup/files/1" now you can move your sd card files like photos to your windows , linux or other android device preserving original timestamp .
multiple approaches here . first , you can open the playstore app , hit the menu button , go to settings , and advise it to only work with wlan , plus not install apps automatically . this would cover part of your problem . second , you could also tell it to not check for updates at all . while on a first look this seems to contradict with your intention -- please read on . go and install yourself the appbrain app market app . this actually utilizes the google play store , it is not a separate market . it even uses your google account for everything . now synchronize your installed apps with the appbrain app . after that , you will see available updates -- and you can decide on a per-app basis whether to . . . accept this update skip this update only ( and be reminded only for the next update ) skip updates for this app altogether as you told the " original " playstore-app to " shut up " , there will not be multiple update notifications . just use the appbrain app for updating your apps -- it will do so by calling the playstore app using its api . batch-updates ( "update all" ) are of course possible as well .
so what i have discovered so far . . . android does not have this functionality yet and you will need to install a 3rd party app to get this . an app that i found works is ' swift contacts ' . whats nice is i am able to type the name of the person right in the ' to:' field and it does a lookup and completes the email address . the only problem is i think this app will stop working after a period of time if you dont pay for it . are there any free alternatives ?
you answered your own question really : is removing unwanted brand based or operator based app any difference than disabling these app from all application in settings ? to which you wrote : i do not find any improvement in memory too since these apps were preloaded in os and you cant use those space any way . disabling an app merely " hides " the app from your app lists and prevents it running in the background . but it still consumes space in the phones memory . whereas , removing an app deletes all traces of the app from your phone and frees all up related space .
as it has already been said : the main difference is that disabling an app simply marks it unavailable ( which can easily be reverted ) , while removing physically removes the app and all connected data from the device . what was still left open is : what do you gain from removing an app , that you did not get by disabling it – so it would be worth the risk of not being easily reverted ? space : you are probably talking about system apps here . those are usually installed on the /system partition , which is mounted read-only , and cannot be used by " normal ( user ) applications " . so removing the app itself does not give you space to " simply install other apps " . but still : almost all apps have data , which is stored in /data/data/&lt;app_package_name&gt; 1 . while pressing " clear cache " and " delete data " from settings→apps resets those , it does not completely delete everything . removing the app does . so you gain at least some space here . performance and battery : if you disable an app , it becomes invisible to the user – but the files are still there . also , the package manager still knows it exists . plus the app 's " intents " are still available : if another apps directly calls them , the disabled app still responds to the call . it also seems to listen to some broadcasts it previously had registered listeners on ( example : my lg optimus 4x has those bloated lg stuff i have disabled . nevertheless , after each boot i receive prompts from their " remote service " app to approve ) . that means , a disabled app can still be running in background , if called from some other place – and consume battery plus cpu , even bandwidth and other resources . a removed app obviously can not . 1 some apps also store ( usually " huger chunks " of ) data on sdcard , but almost all apps have at least their central data below /data/data .
in either case ( removing or disabling ) , the app will not be running in memory . if it was a service that kept running , like samsung 's apps , you had have lesser apps using the cpu , and that may improve battery life . if you remove / uninstall an app , you are definitely going to free up some memory/storage . but if the app is very small to begin with , the freed up storage is probably going to be negligible . if you disable an app , you have an advantage of being able to enable it when you need it . there is no need to download and install it again .
another difference that i have not seen mentioned here is that removing the app might cause problems with firmware updates , so i would suggest clearing app defaults , force stopping , clearing data and then disabling app unless absolutely necessary or your phone is no longer receiving updates anyway
the speed of an upload , or download , is determined by more than one factor , and can not simply be " increased " . if the network connection is weak , there is little you can do about that . the speed will be determined by your upload speed , the receivers download speed , and how the communicating devices handle it all . as you are likely using wireless on your phone , things that can interfere with the wireless signal has also a lot to say . the more clear space is between you and the router , the better . even then , other wireless devices can cause disturbance in the signal . so the answer is , you really cam't , unless you know exactly what is slowing the speed down , and even then it is a gamble . what you can do is of course connect the phone to a computer , and upload the pictures manually from there . if the computer is connected to the net with wire , your pictures should take no time to upload/download . . . unless you are on a 20 year old net line , that is . . .
go to setting--> data usage under the usage graph there is list of apps with usage specified on right side . go to google play and at the below you will find option restrict background data click on that check box . . and here you go . though you cant install any apps from play store with these setting , but you can always enable background data whenever needed .
since wireless charging actually stops charging at 100% , daydream will not stay active . there is a open issue for this at https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=48980 as a workaround , you can root your phone and , go to a command prompt and type the following : su svc power stayon true 
when you plug your phone into a pc , or other device that communicates with the phone , the phone uses a usb " data mode " , so to speak . in this mode , there is a 500ma maximum draw from the usb port . when you plug your phone into a regular ac wall charger , there is no data connection . the phone then uses whatever amperage is supported by both the phone and charger ( typically between 500ma and 2.1amps ) there are usb charging cables that have the data pins re-wired to disable a data connection . this makes the phone think it is plugged into a regular ac charger , and allow more than 500ma to flow . that does not mean the usb port has more than 500ma to begin with . typically , usb ports on pcs have 500ma , or usb 3.0 ports may have 900ma . theoretically this is safe because it is just disabling a data connection . it is not using more power than it should . phone 's are designed not to accept more amps than it can handle . there are also apps that allow for fast charging by forcing the phone into using the ac charging mode instead of data . however you still need a compatible kernel or it will not work . ( for standard users , changing the kernel is a complicated and risky procedure . ) please note that there are reported cases of people 's phones not supporting regular data modes after attempting to activate fast charge via an app ( notably the nexus 4 ) .
you could make use of the condition state&rarr ; bluetooth connected : the device is connected to another device via bluetooth . if either of name or address are specified , they must match a connected device . connections to non-paired devices ( e . g . while pairing is taking place ) are ignored . warning : tasker can not directly detect when a bt device is connected , only when a connection or disconnection is made . as for the task , take a look at music play : play a sound file from the sd card . file is the path to the file on the sd card e.g. music/wow . mp3 alternatively : notify sound : show a notification on the top bar and play a sound . the specified title will appear on the bar initially . notifications with a particular ( non-empty ) title replace existing ones with that title . when the notification area is pulled down , the specified text will be visible . or notify vibrate , play ringtone , say ( synthesize the given text into speech ) . . . trying a raw thing ( i did not test this ) : condition : state→bluetooth connected ( specify the parameters ) task : say " you are connected now . " for more information , you might want to take a look at the user manual . also check the tasker homepage itself for more guides , faq , how-tos , etc . moreover , the wiki contains a lot of ready profiles , step-throughs , and more .
even if the other ap connected , you will lose your call . when you switch access points , you are going to drop the wi-fi call . the device may have a hard time figuring out if it should switch to ap2 because it is still connected to ap1 and it can still see ap1 . if the signals overlap , it will connect to the strongest one at the time , if it is already connected , it will not attempt to connect to another ap until it is no longer connected . once you go completely out of range of ap1 , the device scans and sees ap2 , then it connects . it does not matter how " strong " the signal is for another ap , if you are connected , it will not see another ap . then once you disconnect , the device needs to go in to " scan " mode . if your router supports it , you could turn down the power of the ap so they do not overlap ( or if they do , it is only slightly ) . but then again , if your router supports that , you could also increase the power so you do not need the second ap .
it is not normally to do with the position of the phone , there is normally a " proximity sensor " on the front of the phone that locks the screen if the phone is against your face , and unlocks the screen a few moments after you take it away from your face . according to the galaxy pocket duos 's specs on gsm arena there is no proximity sensor built into that model , compare with the alcatel ot-991 or samsung galaxy s 's specs where you can see they do have a proximity sensor .
rather than putting it in your pocket , place it next to your laptop with the screen on . then you can see if your hotspot is cutting out , or maybe your 3g is cutting out . i imagine there is a threshold of where you need a certain strength of 3g signal to operate a hotspot .
of course i would figure this out just after asking the question : you can view the application details in landscape mode by first selecting the application in the left-side panel , then clicking the larger application icon or title in the right-side pane .
technically you do not " run linux on android " . in fact , every android device runs " under " linux ( that is , android uses the linux kernel ) . what happens when you install a linux distribution ( i think that is what you meant by refering to linux ) on android is that the android os and the linux dsitribution share the same kernel . even if you replace the android installation with a pure ( gnu/ ) linux one , the used kernel is " the same " . therefore the hw api calls are identical , and you can access the hardware from e.g. python without any difference .
background data is anything that involves mobile data or wi-fi ; it will use whichever is enabled ( i think wi-fi has higher preference ) . this includes autosync , background polling , notifications , and other similar operations that will access mobile data . assuming you do not have any task / data killer that runs in the background when your phone sleeps , the mms will be sent you do not need to have the messaging app open . however , if the sending fails ( after a certain number of retries ) , it will fail and you will have to resend it manually . update #1: autosync depends on background data . if background data is disabled , autosync is also disabled . autosync is used by accounts defined in settings ( in s4 , System Settings &gt; Accounts ) . but it is also possible to have background data enabled , and autosync disabled . in this case , apps could poll and show notifications ( e . g . twitter ) .
press the power button on the device . all phones should have them and they are usually the buttons that lock the screen as well . if you happen to not have a lock button you can change how quickly android will lock the screen on idle in settings . the way to change this varies from different flavors of android .
it sounds like a defective unit . i would send it in for warranty replacement . if it is getting warm while plugged in the power is shorting out the unit causing it to show no life but receive power .
i do not think we can do this just by installing an app . i mean , we can not define our new app as default app for making/receiving calls . so , i think it is in rom developer 's hand . only they can replace it with custom one , afaik .
take the dialer from your old stock rom , extract from the zip , and install in new rom . you will need the app "/system/app-mover " , free from playstore , to move stock rom dialer into the system . goto settings> apps and disable custom rom dialer . your running a custom rom so this should work , i did this on my htc . if this does not work out right , just reverse the steps . no damage to the system .
the best decision so far is : download sqlite database editor . ( root is required ! ) go to " application databases " choose : internet ( with icon of earth and small script com . android . browser /data/data/com . android . browser/databases/webview . db choose from tables - " password " press select* enjoy ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
there is no functionality to view saved passwords included in the stock browser . the only method for retrieving passwords saved in the stock browser is to open the webview.db file ( it is an sqlite database ) in /data/data/com.android.browser and look at the password table ( it is stored in the clear , no encryption or anything ) , but that requires root .
you receive updates from the carrier . you can circumvent this by rooting your phone and installing a custom rom ( or stock rom , if available ) to get the latest version of android .
quite easy : find / starts exploring at the file system root ( i.e. . the very top ) . so it comes to places you have no access to as normal user , and runs into permission issues . it sees a directory called /proc/19619 and , knowing this is a directory , wants to traverse into it . but it is not permitted to ( most likely the permission of that directory is something like drwxr--r-- , so everybody can see ( "r"ead ) it – but only its owner can change into ( execute ) ) . so your find sees it , but can not dive into it . as you have been running this command as root , permission problems should not be the issue . but taking a look at the directory in question pops up a different answer : /proc is storing process information . below this top-level dir , directories are created using the pid of running processes . so /proc/19619 stores information on process 19619 . most likely your find was seeing that directory , and at the same moment that process ended ; so when find finally wanted to dive into , it was gone : No such file or directory ( not anymore ) .
check out this application to know whether it has camera/hardware problem - system info droid it provides whole summary of the device .
under tools there should be a MessageSave command that will allow you to export your contacts to a . vcf file , which you can put on your sd card and import from the contacts application on your phone . this is a link to doing the same thing with the goal of exporting for mac devices , but should work the same , and this is a detailed step by step to bulk export to a single vcard . both should do the same thing , and both should get your contacts to your android phone !
the process is pretty straight-forward . in outlook , export your contacts into a coma-delimited text file ( . csv ) . depending on the version of ms outlook you are running , the location of this feature may be under a different menu item . open up a browser , go to gmail and login with the same google account you use on your android phone . click on the " contacts " link , then click on the " more actions " button and select the " import " option . now navigate to wherever you have saved the csv file from step 1 and select it . after the import process completed , your gmail account should now have all of your outlook contacts . on your android phone ensure that your google account is set to synchronize the contacts by going to menu -> settings -> accounts and sync , selecting your google account and ensuring that there is a checkmark next to " contacts " . also make sure you are allowing background data and auto-sync on the previous screen . again tap on your google account and un-check/re-check the box next to " contacts " to force an immediate sync . wait several minutes and check the contacts app - all of your exported contacts from outlook should now be on your phone . keep in mind that this is a one-time , one-way sync . if you want to have any changes you make in outlook to automatically sync to your android phone , you will need a 3rd-party application on your windows machine that will auto-upload your changes to your google account .
go contact sync will sync your contacts between your outlook and your google account . your android device will then sync with your google account and everything will be in sync . you can probably find tools to sync your calendar as well , if you wanted to .
have you tried using adb from the android sdk to connect to the device ? i believe it is the same protocol also used when the os is running and connected via usb .
just a thought : setup a google gmail account , filter the important emails to be send to this gmail account , attach the gmail account to your phone , and set up another alert when receiving an email from the gmail account .
sorry , without root , is probably not possible . with your device 's os version and the fact that you want to capture an overlay ( video playback ) , even harder . prior to android 3.0 , screenshots were taken using the framebuffer , that is accessed by opening the /dev/graphics/fb0 device . this location requires root access , and even with root may not work for all devices . some devices use a pair of framebuffers and toggle between them . additionally , and more related with your current problem , the framebuffer does not contain surfaces in an overlay ( often the case with video playback ) . that is the reason as to why you do not get the video , only the application frame . support information by developers on stackoverflow by this answer and this answer .
open instagram . . . then go to " edit your profile " and then delete your mobile number from your profile . . . hope it helps . .
i had this same issue . turning off all notifications in instagram did not help - this is actually a twitter notification from following instagram on twitter .
just text " stop " to the number sending you those annoying messages . worked for me !
if you are following instagram on twitter , either unfollow them , or " turn off " text notifications on twitter
sorry for the irrelevant answer to the op 's question but felt a need to point out about alogcat . alogcat seems broken at the moment under jellybean ( due to an additional introduction of permission READ_LOGS required for reading logs ) . just keep an eye out for the update soon ( or flag the developer by starring the issue here ) . if you fancy the alternative , try this version called catlog found here on github , this has the permission in place to do so . as for droidwall , forget about that version - its old and obsoleted in favour of the more updated version afwall+ , the linky to the play store version is contained on the github page , alternative linky to f-droid repository here .
this official google support page tells you how to access gmail from a normal email client using imap : you have to turn it on through the gmail web interface , then add the account to your email client like any other imap server . the standard email client on samsung devices supports having multiple accounts . press the + button in the email app 's settings to add an additional account . most third-party email clients for android ( such as k9-mail ) support multiple accounts too , but the set-up will be slightly different for each .
i am not 100% sure about the nexus 7 , but with my nexus 4 , you can hold the power button for a very long time ( something like 20 seconds ) and it will hard-shutdown . this should help facilitate a hard reset and let you get into fastboot or recovery mode if you need to .
it does not seem unusual to me that an app that commercially depends on tracking its users would send you to a website to track and count you , and then have that site redirect you to the real store page . if you do not trust them not to misuse this tracking data , do not use the app .
i just figured it out , very easy . the android market is now called " play store " by google , and is listed under " p " in your phone ( not " g " for google play store ) . just go into all your apps , go down to " p " and long hold the " play store " icon to get it to your home screen . this icon looks like a white shopping bag with handles and a blue , red and tan diamond/pyramid figure on the front . good luck and have a great day .
from here i tried http://androidforums.com/droid-x-support-troubleshooting/196653-help-market-place-gone.html to get the marked app back , without doing a hard reset . used astro file manager opened astro , clicked up navigate to /system/app locate vending . apk push on it to install it , clicked ok etc now back on home screen , follow what is suggested about a clean slate . . . settings -> applications -> manage applications chose all find market push on it and select clear data go back to main home screen , turn your phone off and back on
my android market icon dissapeared when i clicked on it yesterday on 2.2 i just read today in the news that google changed the name from android market to google play to get more customers focused on its videos and books . i found a brand new icon in the second apps location on my phone . it is called google play not called android market any longer . all you do is click accept and use . . . . .
it is a built-in app and can not be uninstalled . to restore the icon to the home screen , find the icon in the application list and long-press , then drop it where you want it . alternately , long-press the home screen where you want the icon to be , choose " shortcuts " , then " applications " , then the " market " icon . update : okay , it appears that you are not the only one with this issue . see this thread on the google support forum : http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/android%20market/thread?tid=3322620a3c715568hl=en one offered solution is to do a factory reset . it is up to you to decide how comfortable you are with that . update 2 : several people in this thread said that the factory reset worked for them . additionally , someone wrote a script ( also in that thread ) to fix the issue , which you would need to get on the phone . ( usb would seem to be your best bet . ) caveat emptor . someone also mentioned that if you get the vendor . apk you can also get the market back . ( details are a little fuzzier . )
if you are running stock android i believe you are going to have to do a factory reset . if you are rooted and running some custom mod , you can probably just install the googleapps . apk or reflash the rom .
is your phone rooted ? if so , try using the wifi tether app . you will need to download the apk and side-load it .
acutally for the samsung europia , a free update can be downloaded via kies to upgrade to android 2.2 . this then allows you to natively turn your phone into a wifi hotspot . it is then the usual connect to wifi affair
aside from izzy 's suggestions , i also find clean master helpful in cleaning unecessary files / cache . check it out . : )
the chrome page in the app store says this about the new permissions : this version requests two new permissions , camera and modify audio settings , to support webrtc , an experimental feature under development . webrtc itself is designed to expose your camera and mic to the browser , so that web-apps can implement video-conferencing and other multimedia solutions in-browser . the webrtc people have at least nominally considered the privacy implications , by adding an info-bar to chrome : chrome on windows is said to have access to your camera and mic . so if you use chrome on windows ( and soon firefox too ) then you are implicitly trusting the vendor of those programs to not take pictures of you when you do not authorize it . the same is true for android . one hopes that they do not introduce security flaws that allow unauthorized access to the camera/mic by malicious websites . as to what you can do about it , on a rooted phone you can uninstall chrome or install a permissions-control app that denies permissions to installed apps . you can switch to a different browser that does not support webrtc . otherwise you are stuck with what android provides . if you decide that you trust microsoft or apple more than google , you can switch . or maybe you trust an open-source android variant like cyanogenmod . for myself i consider the fact that google already has a bunch of apps on my phone which have access to my camera and mic , so if google wanted to spy on me they already can . heck , they could build that right into the os and just not tell anyone . google apps that can access the camera/mic : search voice search plus translate drive shopper goggles youtube remote youtube not to mention the camera app which is built-in to the phone . edit : the question was updated with a screenshot of what the phone shows when you are prompted to update the app . unfortunately at this time there does not seem to be a way for app developers to document why they need particular permissions , except in external sources . for example , this chrome update states why it needs the permission in the " what is new " page . however , if you do not look there and just see the scary warning , you are left wondering what is going on . as an app developer i wish we could add help text to the permissions page to explain to the user why we need the permissions and how the privacy policy protects the user . google could certainly make this more usable and less scary .
you can stop this notification from showing up , but you will need root and xposed framework installed . so this solution is only for experienced android user . http://repo.xposed.info/module/com.mohammadag.disablecleardefaultsdialog
as uri seems not to place it in an answer , i will do so -- to help other searchers see there is an answer ; ) as pointed out , there is a miui control panel , which should ship with most miui roms . if it is not included with yours , you will find it in an app called extended settings .
most apps save their settings and preferences to the internal memory . however , many apps are written to use the sd card for some storage as well . this is usually done to prevent taking up too much space on the ( often very limited ) internal memory . for example , many apps with " offline " mode ( e . g . news readers ) will place downloaded content onto a folder on the sd card . some apps handle disappearance of such cache from the sd card better than others . in most cases though , you can get away with clearing the app cache and data via Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications menu , then tapping on the app , and tapping " clear data " and " clear cache " buttons , if available . uninstall and re-install is a last resort option and should always work .
i believe it depends on how that app was using the sd card or if it was installed on it . if the app was moved to the sd card it will probably have to be uninstalled/reinstalled .
in my case , i am on android 4.2.2 so things should not be changed much on your environment . however , what i do , from settings> application/apps i get my all applications installed on my device . so , if any application supports to be moved on to sd card , i can simply move it by pressing the application icon> move to sdcard . if it does not help . try using link2sd . this should do your job .
can you visit this link with your phone ? market://details?id=org.mozilla.firefox  also you must note that : firefox is available for android phones ( 2.0 and above ) and the nokia n900 . the official page of firefox mobile gives also a list of supported devices that have been tested .
what model/os/screen size do you have ? firefox is not supported on all platforms . for example , i can get it on my nook with gingerbread , but can not find it on my froyo ideos with a tiny screen .
go to settings , language and keyboard and see if there is another keyboard you can enable and use . if there is one , check the box to enable it . then go out and open something that requires text input like an text message . long click on the text field and choose input method . then change to the keyboard you just enabled . see if it has the microphone . if you only have one keyboard to enable you could try a third party one like swiftkey beta . i use it and it has a microphone option for speech input . plus the keyboard rocks with all kinds of great features .
the new ota update of android version 2.10.405.2 included a voice-to-text option on the keyboard . the microphone key is located on the left of the comma key . nb : i believe this update has only so far been released to unlocked htc phone users only . . . if your phone is locked to a network you must wait for your network to push the update .
in settings , click default calendar to select a default calendar for new events . then , when you click new event , there is an option for calendars . make sure pc sync is selected and not exchange .
[ disclosure : i work for cosign ] i just viewed a digitally signed pdf in adobe reader for android version 10.6.0 . unfortunately , it does not appear that the app will verify the digital signature . it does display the graphical representation of the signature , but there is no signature panel and no message about the signature 's verification status . hopefully they will add that feature to the mobile version someday . please submit your own answer to your question if you find any android software that will verify a digital signature . in the meanwhile , you could roll your own solution if you are willing to write an app . see the signature api guide at www.arx.com/api for info . or you could use cosign web app , box or google drive . all of those apps work in mobile and include integration with cosign . by opening the doc in cosign , you had see the doc and its signature verification status . see screen shot below .
i do not know about the htc one v specifically , but in my experience , the mic , stereo ouputs , and the single button answer/stop will work for both apple and ( most if not all ) android phones . but the volume up/down buttons will not work , even with an app such as headphone button controller ; it simply does not get detected . the problem arises when the marketing depts start using a word such as " compatible " , meaning a degree of compatibility , but not necessarily every function . so they feel ok saying an apple headphone is compatible , meaning just the audio works , or even the audio and the answer button . however , it is possible that the htc can somehow detect and use these extra two buttons , i suppose , but i would guess not .
use openwrt 10.03 or later . install the following modules : kmod-nls-base kmod-usb2 kmod-usb-core kmod-usb-net kmod-usb-net-cdc-ether kmod-usb-net-rndis kmod-usb-ohci kmod-usb-uhci  then edit /etc/config/network . under the wan configuration , change option ifname eth1 to option ifname usb0 . then enable usb tethering on the phone and reboot the router . this article has some information about how to get the configuration smoother so you do not need to reboot the router each time you want to tether . this article has a simpler way .
in my case , the upgrade to the android 4.3 did not replaced my custom /etc/gps.conf file . it was edited by hands on rooted device before the android upgrade and stayed with the same content afterwards . answering myself : )
whenever i flashed a modem ( for my region ) on my phone , i noticed that it changed the values set i via fastergps ; this app can edit the gps . conf . so yes , chances are it will rewrite your gps . conf after you update . so , make a backup first .
* is being processesd by your zsh . there is no /storage/... path on your system , where you are running the adb commands . zsh cannot possibly know that you are trying to talk to an android device , so it is trying to expand the wildcards using local system paths . since that path does not exist , let alone have files in it , it is properly telling you " no matches " . you probably want adb pull '/storage/emulated/legacy/DCIM/Camera/*.*'  note the '-quotes . they prevent zsh from seeing the wilcards as wildcards - they will be treated like plain text by the shell , and passed in to adb as literal text .
the best way to 4.3 may be unrooting and flashing the stock recovery image . i used the nexus root toolkit 1.6.4 to install 4.3 on a galaxy nexus having some minor problems . i would suggest waiting for nrt 1.6.6 which will have full support for 4.3
no . it is not possible to get this information with the android sdk . you might get this information if you have access to the drivers and the kernel of your device .
the files are generated by samba when it encounters file name having invalid windows file name characters like : , \ , &lt ; , > , | or directories ending with dot . the reason the files appear on your android device is they were synced back from your pc . you can safely delete the files , but they will mostly likely reappear again , as long as files with invalid characters are created by android apps .
if you have root , i really recommend you titaniumbackup !
i heard dropbox is a good alternative , but i have not tried it myself .
i cannot say for all apps you listed -- but for some , the following applies : some system apps ( as e.g. the market/playstore app ) have to be present in /system in order to work . for the playstore app , the reason is : the permission to install other " packages " is only granted if one of the following two conditions is met : it is signed with the same certificate as the system ( rom ) itself -- which does not apply in your case , due to the custom rom used it is installed as " system app " ( i.e. . below /system ) -- which did no longer apply in your case , since you uninstalled the app from there expecting the pre-conditions given , developers might have forgotten to include a check and implement appropriate exception handling -- which then may lead to the described force-close . similar constellations might apply to other apps/packages as well -- though i am not sure what should make the google translate app so special ( maybe it has some special hooks i missed ) . you could try to find out by following roxan 's advice , to integrate the app as " system app " again using e.g. titanium backup , and see if it still force-closes .
instead of doing this manually , use titanium backup pro . it allows you to integrate updates to rom for all system apps . so after installing this , long press your desired app and choose the option integrate update .
i do not you are running out of available ram . you should try using a memory booster like go task manager to clear some up .
it may just be a software bug . have you tried formatting it with the phone itself yet ? else : the nexus one is now unsupported by google , so if this is the case you can only fix it by installing some aftermarket firmware like cyanogenmod and see if this solves your problem . cyanogenmod has a device page for the n1 and a full update guide . if you want to try even more , there are also unsupported beta firmwares for ice-cream-sandwich and jelly-bean available on xda 's nexus one development forum from other developers .
32 gb cards work just perfectly on my nexus one . i have original rom which was updated once ota . the phone reports os version as 2.3.6 . i use sd card preformatted as fat 32 . you can try to format your card using phone itself , go in storage settings and erase the card . it should work after .
go to settings , applications then find the all tab . scroll down and you will find calendar storage and contact data . open each of these and choose clear data .
mainly there should not be any hardware problems if the unit was tested correctly . for other information you can use this application that has also power monitoring for gps .
aosp video playback samsung 's touchwiz framework includes samsung 's own video player for android . it is a decent player and covers a lot of different video formats . aosp ( android open source project ) roms come with the ' stock ' video player , which does not seem to have the wide array of features that samsung provide . samsung video player apk : i found a link to the apk for samsung video player . here is the player as you said , you would have to install vlc , mx or an alternative player on aosp to enable more video formats . i think the trade off of downloading an app , vs reinstalling the laggy , bloated touchwiz is an easy choice , but it depends on what you prefer . it would personal choice really . galaxy s5 video player you can actually install galaxy s5 apps on your s4/note 2/3 as well . this xda thread has the apk files for galaxy s5 applications , including video player added bonus : other samusng apps : this xda thread has samsung apps you can flash via custom recovery . however , it requires a custom recovery , and the video player is not listed . here are the apps you can install , perhapst he samsung app store would have the video player : samsung apps store polaris office touch wiz 4 hd launcher touch wiz clock package samsung task manager memo ( not s memo )
z-device test may show your sensor output : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=zausan.zdevicetest possible reasons : some aftermarket display protectors may cause that an earlier android release only switched the screen off via proximity sensor when held vertically . this would have prevented your described problem . ( see http://www.guytechie.com/articles/2012/1/22/galaxy-nexus-slow-proximity-sensor.html ) . maybe this behaviour has been reverted . if you updated just before noticing this problem , you might have to switch back or wait for another update to fix that again . installing a 3rd party update like cyanogenmod9 might also fix your problem .
the problem ended up being transient ; i rarely restart my phone . somehow it got stuck in ' on call ' mode , so the proximity sensor was enabled despite nothing being running . a reboot resolved the silly issue .
you may need to remount your file system to enable write . i am not sure how that is done with root explorer , but from the terminal it looks something like : mount -o rw,remount /partition/name/  you can get the partition name by typing mount without any parameters .
if you are using the speed software root explorer application then you might be holding your phone wrong ! - guffaws no really ! when i hold the phone in portrait view i can not get access to the little button in the interface that puts that directory into r/w mode ( read/write ) : hold your phone in landscape view when you navigate to that folder . when you get there you will see the little button to ' mount r/w': remember to turn it back to ' mount r/o ' ( read/only ) if this does not fix your issue then i will wonder if you actually have root access . just saying . . . good luck ( :
i am using a htc hero and when i had to unroot my phone , i found the ruu for my phone . this in simple terms is a restore to your phone which the service provider uses to restore the phone to absolute stock . i would check and see if you could not find the ruu to your specific phone ! good luck !
any micro usb cable that has the capability of charging your phone does excactly that . i found a link on usb powering . the source is from 2005 but the issue remains the same . some cables do charge your device due to a sufficient power flow through the cable while others do not .
for what it is worth , i purchased a generic microusb cable on amazon for like $2 , which was advertised as being for blackberry users , and it works just fine on my incredible . i use it as my charger at the office .
my un-technical answer is no . i have a microusb ac adapter for a bluetooth headset that charges my headset just fine but will not charge my phone for some reason . i also have a retractable miniusb cable to connect to the computer with and it is fine for data but it also fails to charge my phone .
i would say it depends on the cable , but you have a fair chance to get your phoned charged . i have tested htc hero with 3 types of usb cable ( universal , bought with my pocket hdd and bough with my dvd-drive ) , 2 types of a gps charger and one type of a gps car charger . all worked well . : )
sms works on any phone . on android , your phone will have an sms client built-in ( probably called " messaging " , but it varies between manufacturers ) , and you can also choose from many third-party sms clients . as well as plain old sms , there are many instant-messaging systems that work on android and iphone , and other platforms too . your iphone-using friends may well have one or more of these installed already . some examples are skype , jabber , whatsapp , google hangouts , and facebook chat . what you describe as " apple messaging " is probably what apple calls itext : it is the sms app on iphone . it also has its own closed chat system built-in , so that if it knows the recipient of an sms is an iphone , it'll silently send the message through apple 's servers instead of through the sms system . it still uses sms for people on other phones , so you do not need to worry about being exiled .
you mention imessage , which is important to understand that it is a proprietary solution from apple . there is no way to communicate with imessage from android , and there probably never will be . that said , there are a very large amount of third party cross-platform messaging apps , and if your friends and family would accept getting these ( they might already use them ) , you could communicate via these . there are probably hundreds of them , but some of the most popular ones include whatsapp and viber — both of which offer iphone as well as android versions of their software . the obvious strengths of any kind of im software like this , whether it is imessage , whatsapp or viber , is that all of your data is sent via your data plan , or even via wifi if available . you will be able to send images without paying an mms fee , you will be able to send audio without being charged for a call ( voip ) and you will be able to send text without being charged for an sms ( via e-mail or im ) . there are no drawbacks as i see it , except for maybe backwards compability with non-smartphones , sms definitely has the edge there .
i can not reproduce it . it may have been fixed during an os upgrade . if it comes back i will refresh the question .
sounds just like a simple bug in doubletwist 's app , and you should probably send them an email reporting it . programmers have access to system " events " ( for lack of a better word ) and we use these events in conjunction with the state of our app to trigger certain behaviors . like , if i created an app similar to doubletwist , i would handle the system event of you unplugging your headphones to check if an mp3 is playing , and then i would immediately pause it so that my app does not embarrass you by blasting your music out loud every time you unplug your headphones . they could be performing this type of check ( when receiving an alert from the system that the state of the user 's headphone jack has changed ) and either reading the state of the headphone jack incorrectly or evaluating the " are we playing audio " state of their own application ( or both ) .
have you tried using headset blocker ?
setting the correct system date and time . it turns out authentication requires establishing a secure connection with google’s server . the ssl certificate contains a expiration date which would be compared against the system date of the android system . if the system date is too far in the past or in the future , the validation would be failed , thus the connection cannot be established . this is a security measures of the https connection , so check your system date next time encountering such strange error message . or if that above fix is not working for you then you can try out ‘youtube connection trick’ to rectify this problem . follow the below steps – add youtube app and login into your gmail account . go through the gmail asp and add account if needed . sign in to your gmail account with your user name and the password . go through your login process and now try to check menu > settings > account and sync . select “add account” and add a secondary account . this solution will work out if the above doesn’t works .
in what country is your isp ? here in the phil , its the same problem because of the unreliable network . my workaround is to use some vpn services to remedy frequent disconnects . i currently use droidvpn , free version limited to 100mb a day . try it and comment on the result .
my android 2.2 ( samsung galaxy fit ) has two installed calendar provider . when i create a new calender-entry i can choose to put it into my own lcal calender or into the "xxx@googlemail.com-calender" in the cloud . i am not shure whether this is samsung specific or android standard .
i believe user 's zoks .netapplication is exactly what is required to answer the question . if you also want the new local calendars synced between your phone and other locations ( your own http/webdav/caldav/ftp server for example ) you might want to consider calendarsync . it has a hefty price tag , imho . but it does what it says it does . and is still being developed as of today . ( i am not affiliated with the app 's developers at all ) . calendarsync can also create local , standard android calendars . and all such calendars can always be accessed by other , normal calendar applications such as acalendar or digical . if you do not want any sync functionality zoks .netcalendar manager is an easy to use solution .
you could try calapp . calapp is a ical file browser and calendar application . it allows you to import events , todos , journal entries from ical , icalendar , ics , vcs formatted files to your smartphone and browse them selectively . it has a built-in calendar to store your notes , appointments , todo list etc .
https://market.android.com/details?id=de.mgsimon.android.andtidwiki and a tiddlywiki . html + calendar plugin
as far as i know , the only ' non-cloud ' one is ancal , which unfortunately seems a bit lacking in features . ( there does not seem to be a way to set alarm or silent , set end of event , export/import events . . . worse yet , it beeps for alarms that were a day ago ! ? )
recently created localcalendar app is what we needed . it works on android 2 . x too and is open source . ( github )
please check my android app called calendar manager . it creates a local calendar database which does not sync to any cloud storage . you can use other calendar apps to manage your appointments , since the databse integrates nicely into the android system . however , you can synchronize the database with your pc using software like myphoneexplorer . note : it only works on android 4 . x+
i developed an application named " local sync " for windows/outlook systems . you can visit the website for my project to see if it suits your needs . here is a brief excerpt : local sync application implements data synchronization ( tasks with color categories , notes with color categories , categories , contacts with color categories , files and calendar ) between android 2.2 and greater and microsoft outlook 2007 and greater via wi-fi , usb cable or bluetooth ( via bluetooth pan - wifi must be on ) . it is possible to synchronize one android device with many pcs and one pc with many android devices ( e . g . synchronize android with notebook and pc at home and with pc at work ) - local sync is primarily designed to support such a scenario .
i was recently recommended colornote , which keeps its calendar data separate from the stock calendar storage , and so ( presumably ) is less likely to accidentally send your private data to cloud services you do not wish to use . it has a very clean month-view , but the day view is quite limited - you can only see the first ten characters of each item ( at least on my tiny samsung galaxy europa ) and appointment times cannot be set , only appointment reminders . so for me - a substantial calendar user - it is not sufficient . i have tried a lot of calendar applications , and i am seeing that the vast majority of these interface with the stock calendar - the ui is very good , and i should think it saves developers a ton of work . hence , you need to be careful to keep the google account sync options disabled - turn it on and your data will be send to the cloud in short order - i.e. game over if you are opposed to this . ( the google account cannot be removed from the phone , as other applications " require " it ) . personally , i am considering a good calendar app that works with the stock calendar , then rooting the phone and installing a firewall . my guess is that i can limit the applications that use google services to a minimum ( i.e. . market/play ) so i can have reasonable confidence i am not going to accidentally use their calendar cloud . i appreciate this faffing is not of interest to everyone - but i would argue the process of not using the cloud really ought to be easier !
i think business calendar may fit your needs . although it has cloud sync , you can choose to use local only .
your external sd card is presumably ( in pretty much every case ) formatted as a fat32 filesystem . fat32 does not support symbolic links . linking from a ext2/3/4 filesystem to a fat32 filesystem would work , iirc , but linking from fat32 is not possible .
it seems like /sdcard is fuse fs " link " for /data/media . try this : ln -s /data/media/external_sd/SD/NaviSEA /data/media/NaviSEA  ( i do not know what " external_sd " means on your device , but if this an external sd card you still can get errors . )
at and t 's 3g works in the 1900 mhz and 850 mhz frequencies . even though htc sensation xe is listed as supporting the 850 mhz frequency , it is only using it for slower 2g ( edge ) speeds . for 3g it is using t-mobile 's hsdpa bands 900/1700/2100 mhz . unfortunately no amount of tweaking in the phone 's software will make it work on at and t 's 3g bands , since this is a hardware difference in the phone 's modem . there are very few phones that work on both t-mobile and at and t 's 3g frequencies - those are called " penta-band " . the new samsung galaxy nexus is one of them , along with older nokia models e7 , n8 and n9 phones , for example .
i know this is an old thread and you may have already found an answer , but i had the same problem after installing winamp 5 pro on an android device . i had previously had no problems with winamp standard on both android and pc i upgraded the pc version to winamp pro and now it all works as expected again . so i suspect you need the same version of winamp on both platforms ie . either standard or pro
after some look-ups , i have to come into conclusion that you cannot do this . as you thought it is your ethernet connectivity that prohibits you from this . when you are using the ethernet-connected modem device for wifi , there is only one device in your wifi network . but winamp says , Make sure your PC and Android phone are on the same Wi-Fi network. note : if you really need this syncing feature , you can get a wifi adaptor and connect your pc and phone to the same network and do syncing
of course . open the clock app . on the bottom bar you will see three icons , one for alarm , one for place and one for menu . click the middle one . select the cities you want and those time will be added to the clock .
based on a google search it is either an allwinner a13 tablet or one of it is clones , but i can not be sure , since the model number is pretty generic for cheap chinese tablets . some specs can be found on slatedroid .
super easy : go to all settings about device ( in my case about phone ) then you should see where it says Model Number that is your device . mine says : droid razr m as the model number ( not really a number but whatever ) . a quick google search will give you the specs you want . just search for your model + " specs " and you should be able to find it pretty easily . edit : if the model number did not give you enough info , try searching the model number along with the system version , it might give you more information . you could also use the screen size specified in the hardware information to narrow your results .
i used android system info app and it gave me a bit more hardware information ( cpu speed , cpu chip , etc . ) but nothing definitive about the manufacturer . . . i guess it will remain a mysterious an allwinner clone . . . thanks for the help , all . . .
download the app cpu identifier , it will tell you all thee info about your device
for gsm devices , as far as i know , the proxy settings for your mobile data connection are defined in the access point name ( apn ) . go to Settings &gt; Wireless and Networks &gt; More &gt; Mobile Networks &gt; Access Point Names &gt; [Your data APN] ( your device 's menu may differ slightly ) . check the Proxy field - it is possible this got modified somehow . might also be worth snooping around your carrier 's website for the recommended apn settings and double-checking that everything is correct . once finished , press [Menu] &gt; Save and give it a test .
did you switch from " mobile data " to " wlan " ( also " wifi " or " wi-fi " on samsung ) last time for surfing in internet ? if yes , then try this ! sometimes when you enable " wlan " before disabling " mobile data " ( top line , near the battery-charge-state or the current-date/time ) the proxy settings for gsm will stay and be used for you wlan ! all you need to do is : disable " wlan " ( also " wifi " or " wi-fi" ) ! enable " mobile data " ! start chrome and navigate to somewhere or search for something ! can you surf ? if no , switching from " mobile data " to " wlan " was not the issue , else : disable " mobile data " and wait 2 seconds ! enable " wlan " it should work now .
dashclock widget is an amazing app to let you view missed calls or notifications right from your lock screen for android 4.2 and up . since you are still on android 4.1.2 , install widgetlocker lock screen and use it .
to me this looks like a widget displaying system information . tap-and-hold it , a trashcan icon should appear on your screen ( most likely on the top , and most likely marked red ) . drag the widget onto it , and let it go . this will remove it from the homescreen .
check out your live wallpaper . does restarting help ?
looks like factory test mode . you can remove it , but you need to have root access . if you have root , do these : open a terminal emulator ( e . g . android terminal emulator ) type su then enter the following after the # echo -n on > /efs/factoryapp/factorymode yes , on is the correct setting to turn it off . exit the terminal , and reboot the phone . reference . if that does not work , you may need to re-flash the rom .
press and hold ( long press ) on the widget , then drag it to the remove/trash icon that will appear .
this is probably because you are viewing wikipedia 's mobile site . on the bottom of every page there should be a link to " view this page on regular wikipedia . " tap it , and after the page refreshes you should be able to resize/scroll it normally . if you like , you can also tap the " permanently disable mobile site " link to prevent being redirected to the limited mobile version of wikipedia .
there are many 3rd-party apps available on the market that allow you to set up actions ( toggle cell data on/off , for example ) at specified triggers ( e . g . on a timer . ) tasker and automateit are great examples . if you have a specific data limit on your plan ( e . g . 3gb per billing cycle ) , a more advanced app like 3g watchdog would be a better choice . it allows you to set and monitor limits on cell data usage , and disable it when the usage gets to the threshold .
this can happen if the download cache is full or nearly full , and the download would fill your internal storage . try cleaning out your caches to free up some space ( sd maid is a good free app for this ) and seeing if the downloads will complete then .
i have seen problems when i do not have wifi on for a while . some updates are marked as wifi-only due to the large size , even if you have turned off " update over wi-fi only " in the market settings ( which i assume you have unchecked ) . i think there may be other quirks with the market app . for example , if you are in airplane mode but have wifi on , the market may think you are offline and refuse to work . it may ( or may not ) help to switch between having auto-update on globally ( in market settings ) vs . having it off but enabling auto-update for individual apps . btw i just enable auto-update for apps that i trust and know i will not read the update log for before accepting the update .
it is most likely GT-N7105 , the international version . you can find the other models in wikipedia .
usb devices are designed to use a wide variety of voltages ranging from 500ma to 1500ma and have been standardized for quite some time . you can generally plug any usb device into any usb cable and into any usb port , and nothing will blow up . using a more powerful charger should speed up battery charging , while using a less powerful one will just charge slower . a good resource for this topic can be found here . as noted in that article , the only real concern is when charging an older phone with a newer charger , as the battery might not be able to handle the higher current . in your cause your using an older charger with a new phone , so your all good .
make sure satellite layer is off , and swipe the screen down with 2 fingers .
3d maps includes 3d models of some cities . london is not included , yet , but new york is , as are cardiff and birmingham on the uk . you do not need to do anything to view them other than select the map layer , zoom right in , and then swipe down with 2 fingers to angle the view . ( the 3d models appear if you are looking straight down , but it misses the point , somewhat . . . )
the play store does have an option in its central settings for controlling whether shortcuts on your home screen are automatically created for apps when you install them : you can get here by opening the play store , pressing the menu button on your phone ( or the " three dots " menu icon if you do not have a hardware menu button ) and select settings , you should then see the " auto-add widgets " setting that you can enable or disable .
i have sort of successfully enabled call recording of both inbound and out bound using callrecorder and alsa . the problem i have is callrecorder crashes multiple times during the phone call and restarts another session .
the issue is related to , as far as i know , cyanogenmod policies . . in some countries call recording is illegal and therefore cm team has not implemented this feature . it is really annoying because the issue applies to certain ( but not all ) regions of the world . i do hope that cm developers will come up with some sort of hack in the future . for now i am using auto call recorder ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.appstar.callrecorder ) and using mic as a source . the volume of inbound audio is very low unless the mic is turned on during the call . call recording is the only feature i lack in cm . . .
yes , it is a system process . other apps may use media storage to download , play , and stream audio/video . i do not know specifically which media apps actually uses them though . you might try to block it , and see if any functionalities in the media player you regularly uses stops working .
i attempted to get vnc options working , but they are all buggy . in particular the keyboard mappings and clunky and the screens never seem to render correctly . i even wrote to an author offering money for improvements but never got anything back . teamviewer 8 is the only solution i have found where it actually works the way it is supposed to ( i.e. . seamlessly ) . teamviewer is free for personal use , which is a bonus , but it is by far and away the best solution i have found . it properly supports the android home/nav keys and has complete and properly mapped support for keyboard input . to use it , install teamviewer 8 on your pc/mac , and " teamviewer quicksupport " on your android device . as far as i know , root is not required . no , i do not work for teamviewer .
as you already put it into your question : you might consider installing a vnc server on your mother 's device . admitted , most of them require root access , so this could be a problem . however , at least one claims to do without root : vmlite vnc server . but it comes at a cost : there is no free version available , so you'ld have to pay about eur 6 . to give you a closer idea , some quote from the app 's description : this app works on rooted and non-rooted android devices . however , for non-rooted devices , every time after turning the device completely off and on , you will have to connect your device to a windows pc or mac using a usb cable , then run a free desktop program , vmlite android app controller , to start the server on your device . once the server is started , you can disconnect your device . if you do not turn your device off ( but just let it " sleep" ) , then the server will continue running for months , if desired . as that should definitely work , there are some other apps which might be working as well : vnc server ultimate writes the app normally requires root but on some devices it works without root . , so you could give it a try -- it is free , and a paid version is available for just eur 2 .
usually , with the multiuser feature , apps are not downloaded again ( but rather linked ; let 's skip technical details here ) . in your case the trouble is : your apps are not connected to google play , so i am not sure how that would be handled . however , here 's a way you definitely could do so . but it would require you to install one app from google play to handle it : login with your " owner account " get yourself appmonster free backup restore via google play start the appmonster , go into its settings , and check/configure the path it stores the backups to . for your goal , it should preferably be in a location accessible for the other users as well . now " back up " the apps you want to " transfer " . you might wish to include appmonster here as well . login with one of the " target users " use any file manager to navigate to the appmonster backup directory now you can simply " start " the .apk files , and the installer should pop up . as the backup directory structure might be a little confusing , you may wish to first install appmonster that way , and use this app itself to install the other apps ( after having configured the backup directory again ) . be aware this only handles the apps themselves , not their data . another variant , including the app data , could be utilizing adb backup and adb restore . to do this without a computer , you could use helium - app sync and backup . other than above variant , this creates backup archives ( *.ab ) of your apps , which then could be restored using the very same app . i have never tried that amongst multiple accounts , so i cannot guarantee it works . helium is available for android 4.0 and above ; but as you already use the multiuser feature , this should be no show stopper : ) note , however , that you would need to install helium also for the accounts you wish to restore to . and again : while i am pretty sure the appmonster variant will work , i cannot guarantee that helium works in this context . but it might be worth a try if you want to include the data with your transfer .
anyways , you can still probably just use smart voice recorder anyways even with the shutter on just turn the volume all the way down to silent .
do you use a third party application to voice record ? if you disable the shutter sound and use something like smart voice record , i am able to successfully voice record and take pictures without a problem .
i would first try updating the phone with official kies software . download it from here , install it on your computer , and run it . the program should walk you through the upgrade process . if the above fails , you may have to go the hard way and follow instructions from here . this post from xda-developers forum has links to various region-specific roms , as well as instructions for flashing it via 3rd-party tools : installation : - download appropriate ics rom , and extract the . tar file from the zip . - download odin , open it . - select pda tab and point to rom file . leave re-partition , pit , csc , phone tab unchecked . - switch off device , put it in download mode ( hold down Vol Down + Home + Power buttons ) . - completely close kies and any anti-virus applications if running - connect device to pc - " id:com " port should turn yellow - now click Start - after reboot , you will see screen showng android updating , then will install some application . * important note : all the links and instructions i provided are for the samsung galaxy note international model - n7000 . if you have a different , carrier-specific variant ( e . g . us at and t 's sgh-i717 or south korean shv-e160x models ) , you will need to search for kies and/or stock rom version applicable to your specific model number .
if you are adventurous and know your way around odin ( samsung 's firmware flashing tool ) , you can go here to get the correct regional firmware for your samsung galaxy note . important : make sure you download the correct firmware for your device and region . for example , xsa is the regional code for australia . next , download odin from the same site and use it to manually flash your device with a new firmware . you may also need the samsung usb drivers for windows ( if you are using this os ) . go here , or here to get the usb drivers . after you have downloaded all the required software , do this in order ( note : these instructions are only for microsoft windows ) : install the samsung usb drivers onto windows . extract the samsung galaxy note 's firmware . start odin . shut down or power off your samsung galaxy note . go into download mode by holding volume down + home + power simultaneously . ( note : do not press the " power " button first or the device will boot up ) . then , when prompted , press volume up button on the device to start the download mode . connect your note 's usb cable - one end into your note ; the other end into a usb port in your computer , or a usb hub connect to your computer . back in odin , you should see a com port highlighted in yellow - this is your note 's com port that odin will use to flash the firmware onto the device . next , click the pda button and locate the firmware extracted in step 2 above . in odin , ensure that only the auto reboot and f . reset time options are selected . then , click start button and wait ( for a couple of minutes ) . once odin signalled pass , unplug the usb connector from your note and let the device reboot normally . you should be able to regain access to your device after it has rebooted . you do not need to use samsung 's crappy kies application . if you have it installed already on your computer , uninstall this useless bloatware . just use odin for flashing any new firmware for your samsung galaxy note .
it seems tethering on sgs2 on cm10 is currently broken , according to entropy512 on xda developer : cm10 supports tethering , however wpa/wpa2 tethering was broken on devices with bcmdhd wifi until i fixed it earlier this week . some devices may not have the fix enabled yet ( it has to be enabled on a per-device basis , since the " fix " will break devices that do not need it . )
ifixit has a teardown that shows the wi-fi antenna is on the back . interestingly , when i took it off and looked i saw that it was nicely labeled too . also , the wi-fi reception seems much better after reattaching the cover . maybe my antenna was not connected very well . it appears a simple mod could be done to attach an external wi-fi antenna if i needed to do that . a mod may be in my future .
while unlikely , it is possible that the nexus 7 does not support your local lte network . it seems like aero2 only operates lte on 900mhz and 2500mhz ( take that with a grain of salt though ; it may be incorrect or incomplete ) . the nexus 7 2013 apparently does not support either of those frequencies . oddly enough , apparently neither does the ipad mini . you may want to contact aero2 or whatever local providers and find out which frequencies ( or " bands" ) they operate in your area . it does not matter if their network or sim cards are "100% certified for the nexus 7" , they may not operate the appropriate frequencies in your area specifically . rather than ask " do you support the n7 ? " , ask them " what lte bands are operational in the area with the postal code [ your postal code ] ? " if your area should have a band that is listed on the gsmarena page for the nexus 7 , then you may have problems with your device . if not , then you may want to find a carrier that supports lte on the appropriate bands in your area .
there is a setting for lte on a 2013 nexus7 ( 1b32-4g ) . i just found it where you set up the access point name ( apn ) . just go searching . i was surprised to find it . you have to click on a lot of selections to get to it in settings then at the bottom of the first section called wireless and networks click on more . click on mobile networks , then you will see mobile network settings . in that menu list select access point names ( apn ) , you should see your network carrier such as " t-mobile us " and under it mine says "epc.tmobile.com" that was already set up at a t-mobile store when i bought my sim card and registered . then click on the dot to the far right to select your carrier so that the dot turns blue . click on the name of your carrier on the left side of the screen , and on the new menu list , which is called edit access point , scroll down towards bottom , before you edit or add anything , and click/select " bearer " . in that menu list , click and select the choice lte . it may have been selected as unspecified at first . press the " go back " button , and as soon as you complete that the rest of the list of items in field called " edit access points " fills in automatically for what you need , including the name field , which in my case says " t-mobile us " . close all screens as you are done . now it is a matter of finding out if the right " bands " correspond to get the right reception . my own preferred network selections are limited to 2g and 3g , even though it says "4g " on the label with the model name . that is another issue i am taking up with asus right now as two supervisors told me that my model number is 3g/2g , but they also say that asus will not take care of the matter by giving me an actual 4g tablet which is what i paid for on amazon.com. even though i now have the lte setting corrected , it still says hspa in settings> about tablet> network type , which i read is only 3g . i am still baffled .
android comes with sqlite . that should be adequate for most applications .
there are some packages on google play you might wish to check : bit web server ( php , mysql , pma ) ulti server : php , mysql , pma ksweb : server + php + mysql as the names suggest , all these are web servers bundled with mysql and some scripting support ( php ) . a search for mysql might reveal additional candidates .
try an alternative cable , some non official ( cheaper ) leads can break for easier than others and cause the phone not to charge properly , hence why your phone is making a sound and switching the screen on and off
you have to actually setup your voicemail with tmobile as well as on your phone . you simply ring 222 from the phone . here is a detailed description : http://forums.t-mobile.co.uk/help-and-support/index?page=homecat=voicemail
no one will run the same apps with the same settings in the same environment as you . any " objective " evaluation will be no more useful than reading the xda forums , for example ; you are going to end up with an indication of reliability and speed , nothing more . there is also a ton of roms for the sgs , many of which are only published certain places ( xda , modaco , rom-specific forums ) . you had be hard pressed to find a complete resource . even the " rom guide " threads on xda tend to fail to include many of the roms from xda . in sum , i would read the xda android development subforum for the i9000 and shortlist a few roms that sound good to you , then test them out and see what works best for you .
i had similar prob . the solutoin is very easy . try these three alternatives . 1 . stop running apps which are not just using . you have to stop them from setting then apps manager . now try to open your gallery . 2 . if one does not work , simply reboot your phone and open your gallery to delete files . 3 . if these two does not work take backup of ur phone . , better to pc and restore the phone to factory setting .
an alternative way is to uninstall some applications that are huge in size . in this way the internal storage can be freed enough to open the gallery app without insufficient memory error .
if you go into your files , you will see a photos and videos sign . click on that and it should say delete . if it does , click it and choose which ones you would like to delete .
while several hints can be found in the insufficient-memory tag-wiki , you case seems a little special ­– as you report to still have ~75 mb free ( 3 times the limit this error should be triggered ) . this should even enable you to install a file manager ( if you have not already done so , or a useful file manager was pre-installed ) . so in order to remove some photos/videos , you could start the file manager and look into the " usual locations " . i have put that terminus in quotes , as different apps seem to place them into different locations . most photo apps save their images below /sdcard/DCIM , many use their own folders here . but as that is not related to your " phone storage " ( sdcard , whether internal or external , should never trigger that issue ) , there might be a similar folder on phone storage . irritates me a little , but i have read that before a few times . so make sure to use a file manager supporting this ( alternatives below ) . next to the DCIM folder , also check Pictures , Photos , Video , media , Music , and Documents , if they exist . a good alternative to " local " file managers ( apps that is ) , there is always the option of using adb ( if you have not yet installed it , check out is there a minimal installation of adb ? ) . in case you are not used to the unix/linux command line , tools like qtadb might come in handy , offering a graphical file manager ( amongst other things ) . on a rooted device , and with the help of adbd insecure , you could even access the entire file system this way ( careful ! ) .
a " factory reset " only wipes the user data from the device : it does not touch the system apps or operating system at all . you need to either find the apk file you are missing ( perhaps from a friend with the same phone ) and install it as a system app via adb ( since you can not use the phone normally ) , or find the stock rom and reflash it onto your phone using the usual rom-flashing process for your phone .
you should never mess with the system without having a backup . to get root back you can just re-flash the rom that you are using without wiping anything . this will remove whatever happened with your busybox .
project voodoo is a community-build kernel based on samsung official sources with minimized patches . it provide few fixes focusing on file system , visual and audio improvement , without a lot of changes feature add-on or changing of user experience . in a nutshell , voodoo replaces rfs with ext4 in order to greatly boost your phone’s speed and user experience . require rooted : no custom rom : no custom kernel : yes lagfix : native ext4 user option : multiple builds provied latest stable : beta4 for 2.1 latest development : pre6 for 2.2 ;
one click lag fix a one click application to fix the io performance lag issue by using a ext2 on top on the original rfs . in addition , it provide few utility to optimize io scheduler and also wifi timeout . oclf uses a loopback ext2 mount on top of rfs to store the rfs data inside require rooted : yes android app : market ( todo : add link ) custom rom : no custom kernel : ? ? lagfix : ext2 on rfs user option : in app selection latest stable : 2.2.8
cyanogenmod is a famous community-build android rom for multiple android devices . give you a very different user experience . cyanogenmod is a free , community built distribution of android 2.2 which greatly extends the capabilities of your phone . require flash : yes custom rom : yes ( that is mean no samsung stuffs , changed app launcher , etc ) custom kernel : yes lagfix : hot development latest development : work in progress
doc 's froyo is pretty , great , and i think it is like the go to rom for the moment
you may want to have a look here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=886000
andy appears to be gone , so i am going to post the answer since the problem is solved . according to motorola level 2 technical phone support the only solution to this issue is to restore the phone to it is factory settings .
you can not change this . simple solution : do not shut down your phone any more ( except when it runs out of battery ) . if you switch off your screen only , your phone will go to sleep and will not consume much power . if it still eats too much battery , consider disabling wifi , background data , sync or even switching to airplane mode . as noted in the comments the logo is only shown to beautify the startup of your phone and to not show you ugly boot messages as some linux systems earlier did and still do . showing a complex animation does require some computing power but will not delay the startup very much .
as others have said , the boot animation ( samsung logo ) you see during boot is only the pretty face to the bootstrapping going on in the background . that being said , you can in fact change that animation if you do not mind rooting .
oh -- i found it dropspace allows one to select a folder on android -- and keep it fully synced with any ( but not the root ) dropbox folder .
note dropbox has their own implementation of this , but it is not at all the same ( i recommend dropsync instead ) . you can mark individual files as a favorite , then they sync normally : downloading ( favoriting ) files to your phone or tablet the mobile app shows you the list of your files , but it only downloads the actual files as needed , such as when you tap on a file to view it . to ensure that a file is always on your device and up to date , mark it as favorite . this will also make it available when your device is offline .
dropspace has some limitations according to it is description on the play store : *** current limitation: Only files existing on the sdcard are synced. That is, it's not a full 2-way sync.  i have been using dropsync . it does sync in both directions and i have had no cause for complaint .
to download , you need to open the dropbox app , and select the file you want to download . to upload , you need to open the dropbox app , and select Upload here from the dropbox menu . the files you see on the dropbox app are not the actual files . they are only links that are in the dropbox server , which you must download . the dropbox app for android does not work the same way as the dropbox app for the pc . the pc version automatically downloads / syncs the file on your pc .
foldersync is also able to sync folders with dropbox and it supports tasker automation as well . this way you can configure - for instance - tasker so to trigger a sync whenever you connect to your home wifi . the only drawback is that foldersync is not getting updates since quite a while , unfortunately .
there is no malicous intent you can safely use it . this app has been part of the android open source project ( aosp ) since at least android 1.5 cupcake and cyanogenmod only adapted it . here 's cm 's source code which shows it was only copied from the original aosp code : https://github.com/cyanogenmod/android_packages_apps_soundrecorder/blame/cm-10.2/androidmanifest.xml here 's the initial aosp version from 2007 which already has the same permission grant : https://android.googlesource.com/platform/packages/apps/soundrecorder/+/e2118f54af4c5215bd988979769e383292b9c9cb/androidmanifest.xml now one may ask why it has this grant in aosp already : i do not know why , it is seemingly not needed .
you can do what andrew said , or you can download app ops and remove the permissions from the app iteself https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.colortiger.appopsinstallerhl=en
you can use chatsecure ( formerly known as “gibberbot” ) with facebook added as an xmpp account . just enter username@facebook.com and your facebook password to connect . for even more protection of your details you can use the " connect via tor " option with orbot ( the android port of tor ) to hide your location from facebook as well .
you need to add another file browser besides the built in gallery . astro file manager should fit the bill nicely .
try clearing the cache of the messaging app . from the home screen : Menu | Settings | Applications | Manage applications | All | Messaging | Clear cache if that does not work , i would try the following , in this order : force stop restart the phone ( off then on ) clear data ( will likely lose your sms messages )
there are a few methods that exist presently ; this website offers a . zip file that contains a " one-click-root " type file , that you simply run while your phone is plugged into the computer to get it rooted . as usual , you will need to make the appropriate backups of your data . xda also has a how-to that is a bit more involved and uses some adb commands which will require the sdk . you will have to download the file on the page and then follow their method : put the phone in debug mode : go to settings > applications > development and check usb debugging box . extract the files from the zip below , connect the phone via usb , and copy them to the phone via adb like this : code : now we enter the phone 's internal shell , also using adb : code : adb shell then we take advantage of the " fake " root exploit : code : cd /data/local/tmp chmod 0755 exploit.bin ./exploit.bin now after that last command you should be back to your normal console , not the phone one , so we need to connect to it again , and doing so we should now see that we have root permissions since the "#" symbol is displayed instead of "$" . code : adb shell now we mount the /system partition as writable and copy the necessary files there , and set them with the right permissions : code : mount -o rw,remount -t ext3 /dev/block/mmcblk1p21 /system cp /sdcard/Superuser.apk /system/app/Superuser.apk cp /sdcard/su /system/bin/su cp /sdcard/busybox /system/bin/busybox chmod 4755 /system/bin/su chmod 4755 /system/bin/busybox mount -o ro,remount -t ext3 /dev/block/mmcblk1p21 /system exit restart the phone and check if you have root in a terminal by typing the " su " command , or by installing any other app that requires root , and seeing it the superuser app pops up .
it is not possible to flash a verizon rom on a sprint phone , because sprint and verizon are different cdmas . you flash a verizon rom on a verizon phone , and a sprint rom on a sprint phone .
if you can tether mobile data of your galaxy nexus over wi-fi , you have full-featured ad-hoc network . if you are not sure , install wireless tether ( root access is required ) . after connecting laptop to this MobileAP , look for ips of client and Default Gateway ( ipconfig /all cmd command works fine with windows ; fing can also be used ) . ip of Default Gateway is ip of your android device . you can use these ips in any networking service you want . it works . another approach in ad-hoc networking , it does not matter which point is broadcasting ssid . so , you can make your laptop virtual router too . connect your galaxy nexus to it and do whatever you want . to make your laptop virtual router with nas support , i would recommend you to install connectify pro ( not free ) . there is a nice free alternative too : mhotspot . after connecting your galaxy nexus to virtual hotspot created by it , you can use any networking service over it .
you probably want to install a script like int2ext or mounts2sd . note that these use a second partition on your sd card ( generally ext2/3/4 formatted ) rather than the main sd card partition . you can also move apps to the sd card ( settings -> apps -> " on sd card" ) .
in order to understand if the problem is of your phone or of something else , ask your boyfriend if he sees a double-check or just one check ( ✓ ) near the messages he sent you , but you did not receive . if there are two checks , the message was delivered to your phone , but for some reasons it is not shown up . maybe because of a malicious application ? if there is just one check , the problem is on the side of whatsapp as messages are sent to their servers but not delivered to you .
imessage automatically uses sms messages for contacts who do not have an iphone , so the answer is yes : you chat with them by sending an sms message . apart from using sms , there is no way for non-apple users to get messages into imessage . the protocol is closed and apple does not have clients for other platforms , nor an interface for other apps to communicate with it . they designed imessage not as a chat system in itself , but as a way to quietly redirect iphone-to-iphone sms messages to use their servers instead of the sms network .
any ideas whether this feature will be part of the core of android 4.2 , or if it is just for nexus 10 ? multi-user support in android 4.2 will be for all tablets . so yes , all tabs with android 4.2 jelly bean will have multi-user support . google is officially supporting this only for tablets as of now . however , i am very sure that custom rom makers will port it for phones . in fact , there are already a bunch of custom roms which do this . i wish i got this on my nexus 7 . nexus 7 is a tablet , so when you upgrade to 4.2 , you should get multi-user support .
if you have read around , then you will already have read that the idea of " free ram " is a bit of a nonsense for android . pc operating systems take an app out of ram as soon as you quit it , which leaves empty space that the pc probably has to spend power on filling again afterwards - probably with the same app next time you run it . android tries to avoid this waste by leaving apps in memory after you stop using them or after they finish running , so that they are ready to run again next time . if it needs more ram for an app , only then does it get rid of these cached processes . android will first get rid of cached processes , based on how soon it thinks it is going to need them again . if it still needs more ram for the foreground activity , it'll get rid of background services ( which sync your email etc . but are not directly visible ) . if it still needs more ram , it'll get rid of activities that are directly accessible but are not currently visible , such as the launcher , the activity you will go back to when you press back ( maybe even in the same app as the activity that is running ) , or the greyed-out activity that is partly visible behind a dialog . this way , even if you have no free ram , android can free up quite a lot of ram for the foreground activity : all the ram on the device , except that needed by android itself . i suggest to work out the best setting using trial and error . without more knowledge of the app , i can not predict the effect of having the setting too low : perhaps the ai will make worse moves , or take longer to decide . if the setting is too high , you will notice that when you leave the chess game you have to wait for the previous app to launch : this is particularly noticeable when it is the launcher , and you get a spinning progress indicator instead of the list of apps . if this were one of my apps , i would consider this a bug . it is bad form to give the user a setting with no way to know what value to set . the app has more information about how much ram the device has and can make available than you do : it should decide itself .
it is possibly your email client that is set up by default to not fully download each email to potentially save bandwidth ( e . g . only load headers or only headers + body w/o attachments ) . do you have an internet connection when you hit the " download " button ? please also note , that this download is done in the background and depending on the size of the content that is going to be loaded this may take some time . you might also have a look into your email clients settings and switch on full email fetching by default ( so all content is prefetched in the background on reception of new mails ) .
this may not apply to the nexus one but when this happens to me on my droid i turn the screen off wait a couple seconds and turn it back on . sometimes it comes back fine other times it comes back with an option to force close the hanging program . either way i never have to pull the battery just force close the process .
try pressing the home button , on unrooted devices , the home button can only be overriden by home screen apps so unless your home screen is freezing as well , it usually can bring you back to the home screen so you can force close the freezing app from the application manager ( settings > manage applications > " app name " > force stop ) .
go to settings , applications , click the all tab and scroll down to internet . then clear cache see if it works , if not clear data .
i had the same problem opening attachments ( . doc ) in email . i tried clearing the cache - did not work , but . . . under settings . . . applications . . . view all . . . internet . . . scroll down to " launch by default " , and click clear defaults . next , when opening an attachment , select chrome and just once ( or something other than internet ) . worked for me ! ! !
as far as i know , currently there are no android devices with dual-sd card slots . keep in mind though that mobile devices is a huge and ever changing market . there is nothing preventing some manufacturer from releasing such a device , if they determine that there is enough demand . not sure i understand the need for a second sd card slot , though : sd cards are cheap enough to not have to worry about them wearing out . newer phones support the sdxc format that boasts capacities of up to 2tb . ( 64gb and 128gb cards are already widely available . ) even with multiple sd slots , you are still technically limited in capacity , albeit you probably will not hit that limit for a while longer . it really depends on what content you are planning on storing there . obviously you would not be able to store a large collection of blu-ray rips that take 8gb+ per file on any size card . bundling a second sd card slot would sacrifice on internal space of a handset . the trade-off would have to come from other areas , such as smaller battery or other feature . i do agree that google 's push for " cloud services " ( nexus devices do not have sd card slots at all ) is misguided , seeing how most carriers are resolved to cap and overcharge of mobile data as it is . however , seeing how other manufacturers are releasing new devices with newer sd technology , and that technology is ( arguably ) getting more and more affordable , i do not see how sacrificing on internal space would be of any benefit to even the biggest space hogs .
this property comes from during build-time and is extremely , dependant on the wifi driver , for each and every device tree that gets integrated into the build of android , there is what is called an overlay , this overlay may contain extras pertaining to the said device in question . in fact , its rather , an xml document that gets parsed during build and " overlays " or " overwrites " the standard android defaults , such as animation speed , etc . this pertinent information of this comes from the device 's overlay/frameworks/base/core/res/res/values/config.xml which contains the very exact line : from that , that is telling the build , to say , that the property wifi.supplicant_scan_interval is supported and can be used dynamically from the build.prop file found in the /system directory , which in turn , is read from the android 's native binary executable wpa_supplicant . however , it must be said , it depends on the wifi driver to support that , and how much integration of the wifi functionality is within the frameworks . to find the exact source can be found in external/wpa_supplicant/wpa_supplicant.c , around lines 2459: default here on gingerbread is 5secs , again the mileage will vary depending on the version of wpa_supplicant used , there was two versions , wpa_supplicant_6 which was broken under ics , and the newer version wpa_supplicant_8 , despite saying that , it may no longer be supported now with the newer releases .
make sure your google acct does not sync picasa photos . . . then go to settings > application manager > all apps > gallery > clear data and cache . deletes the synced album . similarly you can clear all synchronised data from gmail also . in settings-> accounts-> google-> your account , you can uncheck all options . so your google details will not get synchronised . . .
when you set up synchronization , it sets up sync with picasa and other services . you can go in to the settings and accounts and unselect specific services , like picasa . that should remove the images from being synced to the phone .
remove your google account and make sure you are checking off google backup when you add in your account for the second time , this will work !
digital clock does almost everything you ask . ignore the rubbish picture from the page , it is a full-screen clock with white text on black and it is free . to configure it as you need , launch the app , then open the settings ( tap the screen to open the options then tap settings ) then set : clock -> screen timeout to unchecked . clock -> orientation to landscape . time and date -> show date to unchecked . you can also adjust the time format and colour if you wish . the time is about half the screen height , but i can easily read it on my phone from more than 20ft away so that may not be a problem .
i use stopwatch and timer goes full screen when you change into landscape orientation , also i used the lap times when we had to give a team presentation .
i use ovo timer : a minimalist app to set your timer by dragging an arc on your screen . also , you can set time by voice ( it needs internet connection for this ) . it runs on android 2.1 and up . the only con i have found is that it only supports times not greater than 1 hour . about what you are asking for : just display the time ( for example 14:28 ) . check . not go into standby mode . check : you can configure it to do so via preferences . hugest font possible , black on white , landscape . close enough : it rotates as your device does . also the red/white arc animation gives you a clue about remaining time . free app . check . open source app . i think not .
i use flow timer for this , it displays the ( countdown ) time in the largest possible width in black on white ( default ) . furthermore by default it just dims the screen but does not turn it off ( in the settings there is a choice to keep it at " bright " , that is , to not even dim the screen a bit ) . landscape mode ( even tablet ) as well . you can also add several timers after each other for different parts of the presentation . no interaction required , it just makes a small beep ( configurable ) and continues/finishes . full disclosure : i am the author
okay go to your home screen click on menu then go to settings , scroll down to manage applications or manage apps . . . click on that then u will be able to see downloaded apps , then apps on your phone storage , and more to your right u will see apps on your sd card go on to phone storage u where u will see all apps that are stored to ur internal memory/phone storage . . and click on the apps u wish to move to ur sd card and it will have all options saying , force stop , uninstall , move to sdcard/phone storage and then clear data . . . what u want is move to sd card so click that then verify by pushing ' ok ' and there u have it . hope this helped . : )
if you have your phone rooted and secondary partition , you can use link2sd . it is good alternative to use .
i have cm10.2 nightly kernel and happens exactly the same . i read that some peolple with cm10.2 quarx didn´t have this trouble . on the other hand i could not find any solution , so i am thinking in testing cm9 ( for motorola defy+ ) or go under cm7 .
it depends on how the android image you are using was built . when you build a rom image from the android sources , you set what drivers are included in the image , according to what target hardware you are expecting to use it with . if you got the android image from the manufacturer of the tv box , it should have drivers for all the hardware in the device . ( at the very least , it should say if anything is missing . ) if you are using a third-party image that was created for that device , again , the author should tell you which hardware is supported . if you are using a third-party image that was not created for that device , it probably will not work at all . if you are building your own android image , then you should look in the sources you are building from , to see if the hdmi driver is included ; if you do not already know how to do this , you probably should not be trying to build your own rom . you might also find can i install android on my non-android device ? useful reading .
your usb port is bad - this is a hardware issue . take the phone in for warranty service . edit : i had this happen on my nexus s as it came out of the box today . i flashed the latest stock rom , then re-installed cyanogenmod over top ( and restored my data ) . it seems to be a little less flaky . you may not be able to do anything of the sort , but it may help others .
i have one thing to say . before even concluding it as a hardware issue , you can do one more thing . go to Settings -&gt; Privacy -&gt; Settings Reset -&gt; Reset Phone it does not remove any personal data on the phone and resets the settings only . the phone restarts itself . now plug in your cable to the pc and see if the same issue continues to happen . if it happens again then it is purely hardware issue .
it was the cable . the store gave me a new cable , but it was power only . i did not know some cables were power , but no data . i will be returning that . thanks to matthew for his suggestion in the comment .
have a look at mygps4u . exactly what you are looking for .
not a definite answer but an idea . you can also try automation applications like tasker and write a small sequence that will periodically report the gps location .
kindle fire utility provides an easy and automated way to get root , android market with other google apps including google services framework . alternatively , you can use quite nice imo messenger to connect to gtalk , skype , etc even with no root .
i had the same issue , after giving up on waiting more , i restarting the phone . after reboot , the update started from where it was , and finished as originally intended . to restart the phone , hold Vol-Down + Power for a few seconds . posting answer as the op only posted solution in a comment .
it is simple : when the hardware keyboard is attached , the tray ( lower right of screen ) has a keyboard icon . click it and the top option is use hardware keyboard on/off .
total guess here : press and hold the power button . is there a power saving option in the popup menu ?
try a swipe down on the top status bar , do not you see a toolbar with a button to turn it off ? if you do not see that probably you can customize the buttons on them and add what you wanted to it . hope it helps .
if you are rooted , install rom toolbox pro . go to its Interface section where you can find Icon Changer . its what you are looking for . using it , you can change notification bar color as well as icons appear on it . while the app makes backup of relevant system files before change , you should always be prepared for disaster with nandroid backup .
i was under the impression ( before stumbling upon this solution ) that the notification system was a part of the secured android system , and would only be available for modification while rooted or modded . this little application , notification toggle , gives you the power of notification power widgets without root privileges ! as far as graphical and design changes , the most likely solution is a custom rom , and you will most likely not be able to do this without rooting and flashing a rom . note : this app does not seem to enable you to change the lookout of the notification bar , which , upon second reading of the question , sounds like most of what you are looking for . i was excited about this app , so i felt compelled to share it , but i do not believe it allows for cosmetic changes to the notification bar :/ sorry !
a quite close profile is described at tasker-profile ( google-translate english variant here ) . i will try to give an abstract here : basic data on/off tasks you will need two tasks for this : enable mobile data : net -> auto sync ( set on ) net -> mobile data ( set on ) disable mobile data : net -> auto sync ( set on ) net -> mobile data ( set on ) you may probably skip the " auto sync " part ( especially if wifi comes into play ) , i mentioned it just for completeness . also , the tasker -> psafe variable can be utilized to check whether the device is in power-safe mode ( ~ 1 ) or not ( ! ~ 1 ) . conditions these are the harder part . as for screen on/off , it is easy : event -> display -> display unlocked for active display , event -> display -> display off for display being switched off . the harder part is to check for still running transfers -- i do not know how to do this explicitly , but it probably can be done implicitly via above mentioned %psafe tasker variable : with a running transfer , the device is less likely to be in power-safe mode . you probably need to experiment with this . connect these conditions with the appropriate tasks to create profiles . periodical checks for these you need to add a variable to above tasks : %lcd , giving us the state of the display . so in variable -> variable set name=%lcd -- in 1 . set to 1 ( on ) , in 2 . to 0 ( off ) . now create an additional profile : time : repeat 15min state -> variable value %lcd ~ 0 state -> variable value %psafe ~ 1 so it runs all 15min , but only when the display is turned off and power-safe active . we also need an additional task : net -> mobile data : on net -> auto sync : on tasker -> wait : 1min net -> auto sync : off net -> mobile data : off adjust to your needs . checking for possible transfers in progress again , i am not sure how to check whether there is an ongoing transfer . a possible solution can be found in google groups , but i could not verify this . though , as you might want to try it out , this is the basic extract : it is a profile i created on my droid to experiment with the concept of watching 3g traffic levels . %tg_rx_rate will contain the kb received in the last 10 minutes , and can be used in a context condition . if my phone is just sitting around , the background level network traffic is less than 20 kb per minute . surfing the web , it is 100 kb or way more per minute . your mileage may vary . since /sys is really a virtual folder , the /sys/class/net/ppp0 folder only exists when the 3g interface is turned on . when i turn on wifi , the dir /sys/class/net/tiwlan0 is created instead . ( so by changing the dir path , i can also watch wifi traffic too . )
watch out for this , yes there are different sized cables they look the same but are not . you will probably be able to squeeze it in and it will work but may break the connector after a while ( this happened to my galaxy note 2 ) . it may have something to do with different pins within the cable itself . i found it very hard to tell the difference but try to just use the one that came with the device . if not just use a different cable but from a newer product as there are definitely different pins within the cable . best thing to do is if a cable does not fit in easily do not put it in .
it should easily go in . the ports on the two devices are the same and with same orientation of the port as well . maybe there is something stuck inside the port on your galaxy tab 3 . you can usually tell by the shape of the male port . the two slanted ridges on the size are an identifying feature of micro usb a/b . b also has two little latches on the bottom . micro usb standards a and b are compliant with each other as well but these two devices should have the exact same micro usb b port .
generally bluetooth uses less power . on my htc desire , i use bluetooth because it lasts longer and consumes much less power compared to wi-fi hotspot when connection is idle .
with gmail if you set up label , you can set different notification sound including vibration per label . this means in gmail . com first of all you have to create a filter to apply a label to email address you want different notification . after that open gmail in your phone , go to menu -> settings -> your email address -> manage label -> select created label . here set the desired notification scheme .
goto settings--> apps--> all--> ( you can find Settings App ) click on settings--> clear data and cache
google officially renamed the market ( and its associated products ) to google play , which they announced on march 6th . google play encompasses all of the content distribution/sales services previously provided by google such as music , movies , and apps . due to this rebranding , the various android apps have also been renamed : google music is now play music google books is now play books google movies/videos is now play movies the market is now the play store the last one i have bolded because it will update itself , meaning that the market will suddenly seem to " disappear " . in reality , the application has simply been renamed , so open your app drawer and look for the " play store " app instead of the " market " app . the icon will resemble the same shopping bag as the market icon , but it will be white : the other three will not update on their own , but can be updated from within the play store as per usual . the functionality and visual design of the play store app is almost identical to that of the most recent market app versions ( 3.4+ or so ) . again , it is simply a renaming/rebranding of the original market app . however , if the market did get completely uninstalled for some other reason ( not associated with the play store update ) , you may need to look at android market disappeared ! how do i get it back ? which also discusses how to re-install the market .
assuming usb debugging is on connect it to the computer via usb and wipe it with adb . if that does not work you could throw it in the microwave .
go to recovery mode of device and wipe data from there . in recovery mode , you need to work with physical keys ( touchscreen does not work in this mode even in normal situation ) . generally , volume keys are used for navigation and home key for enter/ok . how to click wipe data option when i can not see it . see youtube video of your recovery mode or check it in your friends ' device . you can really do it after learning series of keys which needs to be pressed . e.g. down key 5 times , then home key , then down key 3 times and again home key . how to ensure i am in recovery mode when i miss it many times even after proper key combination ? after you think you should be in recovery , leave device idle . if you hear boot music , remove battery , re-insert it and try again . how about ssh/ftp ? its very difficult without working touchscreen because it needs particular app/service running on device . what about other physics based methods like magnetic wiping ? what you see in hacking movies can not be applied in real world . particularly , powerful magnets can affect data on hard disks . device storage does not store data using magnetic attributes . even if you find something which could wipe data such way , i would strongly not recommend it because there is no reason why it can not damage hardware capabilities if it can wipe data from flash storage . in the last , this part is off-topic on this site .
i have not used it in awhile , but something like airdroid or the like could be helpful . i have heard of a handful of apps that work in the same fashion , exposing your android device to a browser on the local network . with airdroid running you can connect to it on your laptop using the ip address of the phone and a port number . something like this : http://xxx.27.21.11:3456 the browser window will let you control the phone . i used it a few times to write long texts/emails . it does a lot , you should be able to initiate calls , browse phone data like contacts , look at media , etc . i just scanned a review of the new version , it sounds much better and does not require your phone and laptop be on the same network .
. hbk is htc messages backup extension : you can " write " them only via backup from phone and " read " only via the restore option . see this for more information about how to open or write these files
there are many apps that can backup your smses to your email account or to an xml file . the one i use , called sms backup+ , would upload your smses to your gmail account under an sms label , which can then be printed from your mailbox . there are probably apps than can export to text file as well . edit : or in fact , there are apps that can print your message via google cloud print , e.g. cloud print by paulo fernandes or printer share by mobile dynamix .
if your question is about global language support , you might want to check how do i add a new language ? if you however simply refer to keyboard layouts : this very much depends on the keyboard/ ime used . there is e.g. touchpal keyboard available on the playstore -- and also a lot of language packs for e.g. hebrew , spanish , russian , or even handwriting . same applies to some other keyboard apps , like e.g. anysoftkeyboard ( which even offers a pack for bb-codes used in forums ) , ice cream sandwich keyboard , perfect keyboard , and others . though your question says you are probably rather looking for the former : if it is just for the keyboard , the latter is the easier approach . while installing a complete language pack may provide you with support for your language in other apps , you should be aware the language must also be explicitly supported by that app itself .
press menu > settings > about phone ( scroll down ) > status . there is an item called battery level , which shows the currrent battery level in % . also the part battery use might be interesting . you will find a list with items that use the most battery there .
you can try battery notif free from android market . bardcode scanner compatible store link
battery indicator is a free app that does this : http://www.appbrain.com/app/com.darshancomputing.batteryindicator unfortunately it does not replace the stock icon , it just adds another that displys the #s . i am not aware of any way to replace or chage the stock icon , even with root acess .
Settings &gt; Display &gt; More settings &gt; Display battery as percentage .
if you use cyanogenmod , there is an option to show numeric battery percentage , and numeric signal strength in dbm on the status bar
if you view a chat and open the overflow menu ( the three dots ) . click " people and options " you should see the " people in this hangout " . if you then click on the person you should be prompted to add them to your contacts .
as far i know you can not add people directly from a hangouts chat . you will need their email atleast . if you have their email id , open gmail and open contcts . then click " add contact " and add people with their appropriate emails .
i do not think it is possible to open this file on your computer . it can only be read by the htc sms app . if you still have the sms on your phone you could install sms backup and restore which will allow you to back them up as xml which you can then print from your pc .
in case you no longer have a copy of the sms on your phone , but have backed-up the sms to your pc or email , you need a combination of t0mm13b 's comment and bmdixon ' s answer . as mentioned , it is not possible to open . hbk files on the pc . what you can do is : restore the . hbk to your phone as sms in your sd card , make sure you have a folder called sms_backup . if this does not exist , create it . this will be in the same level as the Android folder . copy the . hbk file to the sms_backup folder restore the sms from the sms settings export the sms as . xml using sms backup and restore email the . xml file to your pc after downloading the . xml file , open it from a program like notepad or microsoft word , and print . take note that xml has a weird structure , so expect to see a lot of tags ( in greater than and less than signs ) .
no , delivery reports generally just tell you that the message has been delivered and is sitting on their phone . it does not necessarily tell you that they have been read . there is not a way to tell if its been read as far as i know .
numerous messenger apps provide the possibility of see of a person has read your message . for text messages it is not possible to get a read status as this is not part of the sms protocol .
i have not found anything yet , but there are reports that this will allow you to use the mac as a bluetooth headset
swiftkey have an article on this although it is a little vague , it is seems more like they are describing how to use entirely different keyboards here : i want to use a different keyboard , how do i switch ? press and hold in any text field to bring up the pop-up text menu and choose input method . here you can choose other keyboard types , including the default android keyboard . on devices running android 4.0 and later , whenever the keyboard is on screen you should see a notification in the notification bar that will take you to the input method selection screen when clicked .
if you are talking about the stock Email app , there is no way to show the password . this is for your privacy and security . you do not want people to be able to see your password if you lost the phone , especially if do not use a pin- or password-enabled lockscreen . the best way to resolve this issue is to contact your company 's it support , and request for a password change .
there is no file that i know of for changeing keyboard layout . you might want to try to change the settings for your phone to english and then back to german . that might help reseting the keyboard layout , depending how htc have set up the firmware the you used when you reinstalled the phone . if that does not work , you could try to use adb from googles android developer site . there you can set localization for your phone without using the menu in settings . that should be the same thing though . tells how to change localization on a device through menu and using adb command ( which is advanced ! ) . android developers dev guide , device also some instructions how to change/test localization on an android device when you test their tutorial program on localization . android developers resources , test localized if this does not work , you could always try to install another software keyboard from the market or reinstall the android firmware in the phone .
i think the easiest way would be to flash a stock german rom , and completely wipe out the broken settings .
i solved this by overwriting keyboard layout in my rom backup file from stock german rom , and flashing the new " backup " back .
official ota 's from htc could only be installed if you posses the stock recovery . you can download the right one for you from xda here . when you have downloaded it you can just flash it by typing this ( with your phone connected in fastboot mode ) : fastboot flash recovery path/to/recovery.img disclaimer : probably the update will not work if you have a custom rom installed on it ( custom roms sometimes have different packages that the ota will corrupt ) . if you want to update via ota you should first install a stock htc rom too .
manufacturer otas can only be flashed using the recovery that came with your device , which is ( more often than not ) 3e recovery . i would recommend that you find a stock recovery . img , fastboot flash recovery recovery.img , then apply the ota .
goal if you have the ota image downloaded and , as in my case , ended up without success you should be able to adb sideload &lt;filename&gt; it still manually ( video here ) . problem/error . . . unfortunately the ota update via adb sideload errors out with : where /system/app/Drive.apk could be any system app . who is not to blame ? twrp is not to blame , i thought so in the beginning , but it would work with twrp as well . titaniumbackup pro . since i rooted my device and use a power-user feature , i should have known of its side-effects . now i do know , though : ) . . . and there is a good chance you learn about this from this answer now . apparent cause of the error using titanium backup pro i had used the " freeze " feature to get rid of some of the system apps , namely : asus keyboard calendar calendar storage com . android . providers . partnerbookmarks com . android . sharedstoragebackup com . google . android . voicesearch exchange services gmail google one time init google play books google play games google play magazines google play movies google play music google search google text-to-speech engine hangouts iwnn ime iwnnime keyboard ( white ) one time init this was apparently why the adb sideload bailed out early with the error message given in my question . i also uninstalled some of the system apps , and i think i remember " drive " ( remember ? : /system/app/Drive.apk ) was one of them . the solution i found the solution over at forum . xda-developers . com in this answer . the gist is that if you have a modified image , you need to restore that to make the ota sideload succeed . first download the stock image for the build you currently have . make sure it is the correct one for your device . so i was trying to upgrade from JSS15R to KRT16S on the wi-fi version , which meant i needed to download the 4.3 (JSS15R) image . that was the file razor-jss15r-factory-ec2d4f76.tgz in my case . i then unpacked that which gave me a subfolder named razor-jss15r . inside of it there were shell scripts , a .img file and a .zip ( image-razor-jss15r.zip ) . the latter needed to be unpacked . then i had the .img files in the folder i unpacked the .zip into : boot.img cache.img recovery.img system.img userdata.img then i followed the steps outlined in the linked answer : boot into bootloader ( keep volume-down and power pressed directly after turning it on ) connect usb ( make sure before that , that all usb drivers are installed ) change into the folder with the previously unpacked .img files check from the android sdk prompt that you see the device with fastboot devices . then execute fastboot flash system system.img which will flash a stock system partition note : unlike in the linked post , i left out the step with the fastboot erase system because that is apparently implied by fastboot flash system system.img as can be seen from the output . i also left out fastboot flash boot boot.img and fastboot flash recovery recovery.img because i thought it was unlikely that these " partitions " had been modified ( i was right ) . you may need the latter two , though . it would probably depend on what you have modified that prevents the adb sideload step ( i.e. . read and understand the error message ) . here 's the output : et voila , a clean system that can be ota updated . so in short , you may only need to fastboot flash system system.img from the stock image you are running , if you ever get an error during the verification phase : Verifying current system... "/system/&lt;SOME&gt;.apk" has unexpected contents. E:Error in /tmp/update.zip (Status 7)  download for factory images ( nexus 7 , both ) factory images " razor " for nexus 7 [ 2013 ] ( wi-fi ) factory images " razorg " for nexus 7 [ 2013 ] ( mobile )
i think this one really depends on the device and procedures involved in installing a new rom . for nexus devices , there is really no point because you can just fastboot oem unlock the bootloader and install your new recovery with fastboot flash recovery [file] . other devices , however , may force you to use tricks that require root in order to unlock the bootloader . for example , in order to install a rom on a device which does not support fastboot , you may need root in order to install a custom recovery .
the vulnerability towelroot used has been fixed within android 4.4.2 . check your version . plus , as you can read here , geohot , developer of towelroot , now works for google , so probably there will not be updates . i would not recommend any other root method : it could invalidate your warranty . see this article .
what is going on is that your phone is not using your password . when you log in an oath token is issued . this is more secure , because your password is not stored on the device . it also has the additional benefit that it can automatically log you in in your browser . to deny access to your phone , remove the authentication token here . moreover starting with ics you do not need to use applications specific passwords for your phone . enter your regular google account info ; it will notice that you have 2-factor authentication enabled and open an internal browser where you can log in using your otp .
just a suggestion : is it possible that you have swype on the kill list in your task killer ? ( note : i have a droid as well , and have not experienced this . i do not run a task killer though . also , i could not live without swype . )
good question . . . i am experiencing this currently although the app is already living on my phone . a quick fix for me seems to be un-selecting swype as the alternative keyboard ( see steps below ) and then re-selecting it . then i will then have to reset swype ( i.e. . long-press in a text field , select input method and select swype ) . Settings &gt; Language &amp; Keyboard &gt; Swype 
try relicensing it . that has worked for me in the past .
i believe this problem was caused by having swype installed to the sd card . moving swype back to the phone 's internal storage seems to have fixed the problem . Settings--&gt;Applications--&gt;Manage Applications--&gt;Swype--&gt;Select "move to phone" 
the text-to-speech conversion in android is all done on the cloud . the phone sends in your recording and returns the speech . you need to make sure you are connected to either 3g or wifi for this to work . do other apps that require connections work ?
i am practically certain that the soundwire app will do what you want it to do ( if i have it the right way around ) .
it requires setting up a semi-server app on your laptop , but you could do this with the logitech squeezebox software . install the ( free ) server software onto your laptop from here : http://www.mysqueezebox.com/download this will index all of the media on your laptop and give you a web based interface to your library . then you can use something like the squeezeplayer app on your phone to connect to the server and play what you nominate .
after using mobile network and you disabled it , you will receive a notification in black background about your balance internet gb/mb or charged price for internet usage ( as like what you received now in the picture )
airtel system has some bugs . the usage is not shown properly and i will advise to install an app that would manage your data account . which can show your real usage .
install greenify . it will stop all background processes and save memory , battery and unwanted network connectivity .
from your screenshot , it is apparent that you are using a dual sim phone and that data roaming is enabled on one of those sim cards . i have never used a dual sim phone but i read on a forum that at any point of time only one of the sim cards can be used for data while the other is on standby or being used for a voice call . make sure both your sim cards have data disabled . also disable data roaming for both sim cards . use these screenshots for reference : check your data usage in Settings&rarr ; Data usage to see what is using your data connection make sure Data roaming is disabled for both sim cards
answering your second question : google voice does not currently allow forwarding to another google voice number :
yes , it uses the light sensor , and yes most of the smartphones support it . as for how does it work ; smartphones , generally , have a light sensor located in the bezel right next to the screen that measures the ambient light together with control software that appropriately raises or lowers the screen brightness based on the measured light level . if you are watching in the dark the screen should be appropriately dim . when the ambient light level is higher the screen needs to be made appropriately brighter for two reasons : because of glare from ambient light reflected off the screen , which washes out the image , and because the eye 's light sensitivity decreases substantially as the ambient light level increases .
yes , as you have guessed on devices that support automatic screen brightness , there is a light sensor , it is typically a small hole on the side of the screen . not all phones have a light sensor ; for example samsung spica lacks one , though you can use the power control widget to quickly change the brightness .
only the root user can set the date . if your phone is already rooted , just type su enter to get into a root shell , then the command you want to run . if your phone is not already rooted , you will need to get root access first . see how do i root my android device ?
the android os itself is not dependant on any files on the removable sd card . if you have no apps that use this file , you can safely delete the file , or even format the sd card if you want .
for information about seeing log messages , look at the answers to how can i view and examine the android log ? note that the behaviour is different between 4.1-jelly-bean and prior versions . android users do not work like users on a normal gnu/linux system , so unlocking the lock screen is not a " login " in the same way that logging into a terminal session , through an x display manager , or via the network are on a gnu/linux box . failed attempts to unlock the lock screen are not logged . the log is meant as a debugging aid , and log messages are not stored forever , so the lock screen application would have its own way of storing failed attempts . in general , the android engineers at google like to keep the logs quiet on production devices , so system apps have a lot of logging that is turned off in the official build . there is nothing to stop a device oem , or an unofficial rom , having more logging for failed unlocks ( or any other events ) . you could compile your own rom to achieve this , but doing so is way beyond the scope of this site .
have you seen this ? not to be sounding smart or anything but i think this is something similar to what you are looking for - a sandbox to protect the android internals , the above was designed for kids so that when they play with it , they cannot do destructive damage to android , or mess with settings etc , apart from shoving it into the microwave or anything like that .
deploying the devices with a custom hardened rom should work . there are several mdm solutions out there . check out the following articles for details from a design point of view and also deploying it in an enterprise . designing secure android apps securely deploying android devices ( something you might want from a mdm / policy point of view )
you can not . . . unless you manufacture the device by yourself . you can not stop power users from flashing rom which would flush your software based protection ( even if you have embedded the solution in rom to survive factory reset ) . unfortunately , almost all devices in market support it . if not , there are ways to hack bootloaders , too . if you are still interested in software based solution , try contacting soti . they provide such type of solutions at a cost .
netaddictfree for android is able to block or restrict access to others apps . in your case , it is possible to block the " parameters " apps .
if the application has been downloaded previously , and the certificates does not match , android will display the same error . make sure you have uninstalled any previous versions of the application and then reinstall the application . if you can not find your application in the app drawer , you should go into setting-> application manager and then uninstall the application . or the second reason may be that the app is not compatible with your android version .
if she is going to send them via sms , you could lock your messaging app with a 3rd-party app like sms lock . or if you want to hide/lock messages for specific contacts , try go sms pro ' s private feature . you set a contact as private , and you will be asked to input a code every time you go to your private inbox . this is separate from your usual/public inbox . not sure if there are other types of unlocking mechanism , but i used a code which can be different from your pin .
you can use telegram and make a secret chat to share the photos . the messages and files in secret chats are encrypted end-to-end and for more security you can enable an autodestruction timeout in the conversation that destroy completely ( inclusive at the server side ) all the messages and files shared until the established time-lapse .
you should try audio manager from anuj tenani . you can also save videos , images and audio which were send via any application from the gallery . it is also available on itunes . --about the app -- the app is cleverly disguised as " audio manager " in the app drawer . disguises itself as a audio manager app which can be used to turn the volumes up and down . but if you long press on the audio manager title the actual hide it pro app will launch , which is basically your secret vault of pics/videos/messages/apps etc . -- features in detail -- 1 . ) app disguised behind a fully functional audio manager 2 . ) categorize media into folders of your choice 3 . ) batch ( multi-select ) support for hiding and unhiding pictures 4 . ) delete/share/unhide/move pictures between albums 5 . ) sort files by date/size/name and sort folders by count/name 6 . ) gallery features pinch to zoom , double tap to zoom , one finger hold and move zoom 7 . ) slideshow with fade , zoom , swipe effects 8 . ) send/share pictures 9 . ) special optimization for low end phones . 10 . ) video player features play/pause/forward/rewind/next video/prev video support 11 . ) disappears from recent apps list 12 . ) two lock screen options viz pin and password 13 . ) escape pin/password for times when you get caught 14 . ) built in encryption tool ( with military standard 256-bit aes encryption ) to secure your most important files 15 . ) plugins for features like private messaging / calls , private browsing , locking apps . etc .
if you want hide those pics then - - use smart lite locker ( app ) [ android ] if you are not saving them on your device then lock those apps on which your sexy gf is sending pics - use applock ( app ) [ android ] or else you can lock with smartlite locker also ( both are apps ) [ android ] link to the applock app link to the smartlite locker app
have you tried going to your contacts - menu - more - display options ? you should see your various accounts where there is an arrow to expand and check boxes for those particular groups ( well , there is on mine ! :- )
it depends on your carrier 's technology . according to wikipedia all the encryption used in gsm ( a5/1 , a5/2 and a5/3 ) have been cracked ( albeit some are more difficult to decrypt than others ) . a5/2 , the least secure of these , is no longer in any gsm-related standards ( and newer phones should not implement it ) . a5/3 has not been decrypted in 3g , but people have cracked it . gprs and edge ( gsm 's data protocols ) - the " g " or " e " above your network signal status icon - may also be vulnerable . it depends on your carrier 's encryption level . some carriers do not encrypt gprs data at all . others will use the gea/1 or gea/2 - which both have a publicly available tool called " gprsdecode " available to crack them . gea/3 is " relatively hard to break " , but the recommendation is to upgrade to gea/4 , which uses 128-bit encryption . umts ( aka 3g ) is more secure , meaning that your data is safely encrypted . to be certain that you are actually using your carriers network , your carrier needs to have implemented usim , and your phone needs to support it - which is guaranteed if your carrier supports umts and your phone supports 3g . however , to get these additional security features you need to use umts - which means your phone can not be on " prefer 2g networks " mode , and your phone can not connect to 2g networks . now , as for " doing nasty things while your phone is off " - i really do not think this is possible , but perhaps you can clarify what these " nasty things " are ? and also perhaps where you have read about this . tl ; dr depends on your carrier and if you use 2g networks or 3g networks .
fwiw i have been having a similar problem , but without the modifications you mention . my process was to root , install supersu , titanium backup and then restore a bunch of apps . the first time i got the problem , i thought i had restored some system apps or something , so i reverted to stock , and tried again , but being more careful to only restore apps and stuff like wifi access points . this suffered the same problem ( but possibly less so ) . i have gone back to stock again , and i am going to try it to see whether i get similar behaviour without rooting . if all is well for a day or so , then i will root , and see if anything changes . if it is still stable , i will start using apps that utilise root and see what happens .
the crashes are caused by poweramp 2.0.9 build 529 . how i found out : the player was freezing at the beginning of songs every once in a while and uninstalling it solved the problem . no more restarts : ) maybe the crashes are caused by play store via apps that are utilizing the modded licence check of play store ( poweramp is one of them ) . but i cannot be sure since i do not have any other app that requires licence control . just wanted to say that if anyone else is having the same issue with modded play store , removing your licence requiring app ( be it poweramp or sth else ) may be your solution . edit : false alarm . the restarts have started after a couple of days , and now more often than ever .
use titanium or any other app that can delete system apps and then delete everything related to knox ( samsung protection crap ) . the freeze is caused because knox keeps trying to block su access and somehow the system crashed and it reboots . i had the same problem and doing this completely stopped both the freezes and the reboots . of course , make sure to backup everything before . from system to apps ( use titanium aswell ) .
hi i am trying to restore my imei number and i would like to unlock the network the phone is on . i can get onto the service mode screen but there are not any menu options . i have re flashed the phone and still not got any menu options
i use current caller id and it seems to work ok , better if you let it connect with facebook . it is not perfect but it will help out . i also use reverse lookup . it is after the fact , but it does a good job . it will google the number and quickly add it to your phone book if you want . neither are going to get you coverage all the time but it is the best i have found .
you can try screen filter app in google play .
in your keyboard settings there should be a " my dictionary " or " my words " or something similar , in there should be all of the words you have added to autocorrect , if " was " is there , delete it , if not add " was " .
look up your phone 's pit in google and put it in pit in odin . flash it , then flash your rom . in case your battery is not charging : look for someone to charge it for you in his device before you do this as it consumes battery power with the constant rebooting of the yellow triangle .
check out http://www.samsunggalaxysforum.com/tutorials/unbrick-you-phone-in-minute/
now , the only option you have left is to flash your rom . flash any one of official firmware from below : gingerbread 2.3.5 xfjva gingerbread 2.3.5 xxjvt follow the links and do exactly what it says . it'll take less that half an hour . just , do it . . nothing more ! do not do any experiment before you boot your device . plus , do not follow any non-matured instructions from forums etc .
adobe flash has been deprecated starting jelly bean , for reasons only adobe knows . however , there are still workarounds for installing flash . the trend in mobile ( android ) development now is using native android , or html5 . flash is discouraged , although there are still flash websites around . phones with older versions of android may be able to access them . related : why does jelly bean no longer support flash ?
on samsung devices over on the sprint forums , they have posted a fix for this without needing a reset : go into menu -> settings -> call settings -> reject with message . if you have more than 5 messages in there , delete some so you have less than 5 . people are reporting that once they do that , they are once again able to receive calls without the force close happening . hope that helps ! in case its an htc device follow this go to your facebook app and under synchronize settings choose to delete all facebook data . afterwards log out of the facebook app . go to account and synchronizing settings and remove any facebook entries . now your contacts should no longer contain any data from facebook and should not be linked with facebook either . go to the facebook app , sign in and re-choose the synchronizing settings . press " synchronize " in upper right corner . go to accounts and synchronizing and add facebook for htc sense and perhaps also the normal facebook account . it will now start re-synchronizing everything and you have to link all your contacts again , but it now works if both methods did not work for you go for an factory-reset that will surely solve your network and call issues .
this error message would not go away until i cleared my call log history .
1 . if user uninstalls whatsapp , the last seen date will be when he or she uses the app . if user deletes his or her account then the account itself will be nonexistent . the users name will disappear from the users list itself ( just like contacts who do not have whatsapp are not listed ) and about that user being last online on 16th april , no the user has not blocked you . read this faq on the official whatsapp site .
i think this could be a problem with your apache configuration . maybe the server is not listening on the correct address ? check that the server is set to listen to all relevant ips or all of them with a wildcard if necessary .
best thing to do would be to check your apache logs and see if you are indeed getting a http request from your phone . if you seeing entries as requests from the phone then it could be an issue with the apache setup . if you are not getting any log entries then most likely the issue is from the device 's side .
it needs to be a google contact . your voice request is sent to google 's servers to be parsed and it looks for the information in your google contacts . the server can not query your phone . see this google help thread .
this says you should be able to use the " google drivers " after some minor tweaking . if your device came with any software for your pc , it will have the " official " drivers though , and i recommend using them . you must have android sdk installed before you can proceed . if you don’t have it already , proceed to our guide on what is adb and how to install it . make sure you download the google usb driver package as well . open the google-usb_driver folder that you will find inside your android sdk folder . open the android_winusb . inf file in notepad or any text editor to edit it . add these lines under [ google . ntx86 ] or [ google . ntamd64 ] depending on whether you are using 32 bit or 64 bit windows . if unsure , it is safe to add these under both these sections . ; nvidia tegra %singleadbinterface% = usb_install , usb\vid_0955 and pid_7000 %compositeadbinterface% = usb_install , usb\vid_0955 and pid_7100 and mi_01 don’t edit or replace any other text that is already there ; just add these new lines and save the file . open a command prompt window and enter this command : echo 0x955 > > "%userprofile% . android\adb_usb . ini " you will also have to enable usb debugging in settings -> applications -> development . edit i would try this first : this site has the " official " drivers for the tablet . you will still have to enable usb debugging , as i mentioned above .
just flash the system . img ( one from 4.2.1 ) over your current system , also make sure you are running the corresponding recovery , radio , kernel , and bootloader that came with your takju/yakju factory image . do that and and try the ota again , should work . " flashing system . img did not wipe data/app " ( just backup if you are worried about losing data/app ) note:you will lose root or else try flashing 4.2.2 manually from here
it seems that i have solved the given problem . in fact , it was not actually a problem - the application i used had some problems with bluetooth . i tried setting bt up , and it worked . i was able to send files from my pc to my phone without any problems . on the other hand , the application did not work - i was unable to control my pc via my phone using bt . checking their website i noticed that the bt feature is actually pretty bugy . ( the app is unified remote ) . then , just for testing purposes i tried windows remote service , and it worked , without problems . so , basically , it seems the problem was somewhere in the app . i changed the app and manage to achieve what i needed - to remotely control my pc from my phone . just one note - it is recommended you use windows ' default drivers for your bt device . you can use this freeware - bluetoothinstaller . com to install the bt device with ms dfeault drivers .
go into the youtube app > press ' menu ' > select ' my channel ' you then have 3 tabs of uploads / favourites / playlists et voila
when you are in the browser , open the menu , choose More | Settings and select " set home page " .
yes it is possible with tasker + secure settings plugin . i dit it in a harder scenario ( altough i am an sk17i owner too ) i used the above combination to unlock , force landscape , and wake up an alcatel dual sim phone paired with a nuu minikey sliding bluetooth keyboard .
i cant find that option in my nexus 7 . it seems they have removed this in jellybean or kitkat . this is what i do . settings> apps> all> contacts> clear data , clear cache settings> apps> all> contacts storage > clear data , clear cache this will clear all the database of the people app .
does this work for you ? contacts -> menu -> delete -> select all -> delete if not there are apps " delete contacts " in the market you could try .
thunderbird is not an email service , it is an email client . therefore it accesses an email service from the internet . if you have an email client on your phone , or use an online one , as long as they are both accessing the same email service they will be synchronized . it is probably better to use imap as it works better for synchronizing multiple clients .
normaly the developer can set which button do which action . so it is different from app to app . the only way is , sorry , rooting and remap your headset buttons .
the apps will disappear from your home screen if your sd card is unmounted from the phone for any reason , they will not automatically come back on their own . the most likely reason is that the sd card can not be mounted to both your phone and your pc at the same time , so if you plug your phone into a pc , and your sd card is mounted as a drive so you can copy files to and fro , etc then that dismounts the card from your phone temporarily and you will lose the home screen icons . the apps should still be in your applications list and you should be able to add them back onto the home screen the same way that you did it when you installed them . this is a combined limitation of the way that the android os handles sd cards , and the way that most home screen launchers ( like samsung 's touchwiz that you are using ) cope with apps moved to sd .
i have an evo and had this problem as soon as i started moving a lot of apps to my sd card . basically , apps moved to an sd card are stored in a secure area and it apparently takes android a while to make this " secure " area available at boot , and this may not happen before your launcher starts . the more apps you have , the longer it takes to do whatever it is doing , and at some point you will find none of the sd card apps available at boot . restarting your launcher may or may not be necessary ; the one i use , tag home , does seem to notice apps becoming available on the sd card . . . sometimes . i found that a hot reboot ( a partial restart that only reloads the phone 's ui ; you can find apps that do this in the market , though you need to have rooted the phone ) would usually help , but i had to time it properly , or do it multiple times . i read somewhere that gingerbread ( android 2.3 ) makes this better . the evo came with 2.2 and recently a 2.3 ota upgrade appeared for it . i have not yet installed that for a couple of reasons : first , as i said , i rooted my phone and need to be cautious with this , and second , there were some bugs reported in the upgrade which will be fixed later this month . so i do not yet know firsthand if this is true . i have had much better luck partitioning my sd card ( adding a dedicated 1gb partition for apps ) and using an app from the market called link2sd . not only do the apps usually seem to be available by the time the launcher loads , you can move the entire app to the card ( did you ever notice that apps take some internal memory even after moving them to sd ? ) and even moves apps that can not be moved the usual way . ( hbo go wants 15 mb of my internal memory ? not anymore ! i even moved adobe flash to sd and it continues to work fine . ) however , you have to root your phone to do all this and it is fairly advanced .
i have the same problem , the partial solution is open the task manager and clear the " level 2" ram memory , this will close and relaunch everything and the apps in the sd reappears .
i had this kind of problem and solved it this way : why my app disappear at reboot ?
the answer to both questions turned out to be force to stop the app twlauncher . then when i close the apps management it started again and i get all my icons ( and shortcuts ) back . so now when i have my sd card unmounted i can not see the icons . when it is mounted back , i have to restart twlauncher . it is very annoying but at least i know i have not lost all my apps .
i do not know for sure if this is your only problem , but i am posting it as an answer just in case . you seem to be confused about adb commands . adb shell foo  is a command that tells adb to open a shell on the device , and run the command foo on the device , whatever you say there for foo . therefore , the command you have been running , adb shell recovery  does not tell the device to go into recovery mode : it tells the device to run a command named recovery , while android 's still running . from your description , it sounds like this is the same program that the recovery mode uses , but it is not intended to be run while android is running . it is writing to the screen directly , without going through android , which is why it keeps disappearing and can not accept input . it is actually pretty sloppy work on the part of the manufacturer that you can run this program at all from within android . in the same way , the command you want to use to reboot into the bootloader is adb reboot-bootloader  ( on newer adb versions you can replace the hyphen with a space if you like . ) there is no shell in the command , because this is an instruction to adb , not a command to run on the device .
have you tried the manual from the international site ?
i do not think there is such option in android , but if you know your phone 's model you could always google it . for instance , if you look at wikipedia article about galaxy nexus , you would see that it supports all four gsm bandwidths ( 850/900/1800/1900 ) . just have a look at " compatible networks " section in the box on right side .
wikipedia and the xda-developers wiki should be a good resource : gt-i9250 on xda wiki gt-i9250 on wikipedia
to use the mhl output of the phone ( using micro usb connector ) you need to either have a device ( such as a tv ) that supports mhl directly , or use a dongle to convert mhl to some other standard ( such as hdmi , vga or composite ) that you can use with your device . this is done entirely in the dongle . so as long as your device outputs mhl and you have the dongle , it should work just fine . currently the only dongles in the market are mhl to hdmi ( although there are mhl to vga and composite coming to the market soon ! ) . so , you can not wait for the new dongles , you have to get another dongle/box that converts hdmi to composite and connect it to your mhl-hdmi dongle .
i use anysoft keyboard for writing with accented , etc . characters . try it .
you can " long press " a key , which will give you alternative letters if alternative symbols are associated with it . try it with the letter " e " . to select the desired letter/symbol slide your finger to the side .
i removed /data/etc/wifi , /data/misc/dhcp and /data/misc/wifi and it worked .
this is what worked for me : turn off wifi ( this may not be necessary ) remove /data/misc/wifi reboot another possible option : fxr wifi fix and rescue
i found the solution , it is a device matter and not host matter : hence , i am right when i wrote this question in stackexchange-url and not in askubuntu exchange . go to Settings &gt; Developer options&gt; Developer options . then , check : USB Debugging
i used a wrong driver . h9000+ means you need zopo mtk6577 driver from http://zopomobile.cn
please erase all data and the dalvik-cache ( if you have recovery ) . are you using the stock or custom rom ? this looks to me like a bug in the rom to do with nfc - this is the only reason the device would lock up like that . if you are using a custom rom , i suggest you contact the rom developer with the logs , if not , check for a software update . edit : the nfc service will only run if nfc is enabled - if you disable it , and then reboot , it should no longer be active . if it is you can kill it via Settings-&gt;Apps-&gt;Running .
you can not do it with the same google account that is made to sync with other clients . only alternative is use a separate google a/c imo .
you could try to disable google people ( contacts ) sync application using storage/apps menu item and then disable contacts sync option for google account . after that you should be able to add contact which is marked as phone only - not synced . hope this helps . . .
go to settings→storage→apps scroll to google contacts sync open this app select disable you can now add contacts without the pop up saying it will sync with google . it will say phone-only unsynced contact . also when disabling google contacts sync , a warning will say " may affect other apps" ; click ok anyway . when done adding contacts go back to storage→apps , select disabled ( top right ) : google contacts sync will be there re-enabled , and your good to go .
i do not know sogo-connector and synthesis sync clients , but i am sure it is possible to select an account for synchronization . look for mylocalaccount in google play store . this allows to create a local account . once the app is installed nothing happened . even you will not find this app in your list . but now you are able to create an account which is a local one . you have to go to system settings -> accounts and create a new one . now you see a new account and you are also able to add contacts to this account . of course you have to configure your connector to add this account for sync operation . i am using myphoneexplorer to sync ( in combination with mylocalaccount ) all these things with success since almost 3 years . generally it does almost all i want to do . i can sync from different pc 's ( home and office ) . what i cannot do is to sync to different devices , for example to phone and to tablet with the same database on the pc . do you know , is this possible with your solution ?
a work around is to go via the phone dialler icon , click the three pips on the bottom right for options and select new contact . this will allow you to create a local contact , but no need to add the number here , just add the name . once your done , go back to your message , click the options button and select ' add people ' . it will allow you to add the number to an existing contact , so pick the contact you created a moment ago , selecting the device type . hope this helps .
the web app has not built a correct apk . to install a font , you do not need font-to-apk converters . just put ttf file on sdcard and use a font installer from play store . for this , rooted device is required . if you are not rooted , font-to-apk converters are useless .
stock browser ( the one with blue icon ) from android jellybean supports offline reading with saving web pages . . menu-> save for offline reading opera mini for android also supports saving web pages menu-> saved pages-> save
all the below apps are free and on google-play-store you could use google chrome beta which supports offline web pages . this article entitled 4 hidden settings to make chrome for android even better mentions this . here is the relevant extract : make web pages accessible offline ever surfing the web from your phone and suddenly find yourself in a dead-zone with no connection ? this next setting will let you continue to view content , provided you have opened the page before and have a cached version of it on your device . to enable it , head back into the chrome flags section and find the option called " enable offline cache mode . " tap enable and restart . from xda developers best android browser for offline reading thread : firefox can save pages as pdf there is offline browser which could be very useful to you . dolphin browser hd has offline support . xda also mentions opera mini and boat browser , but i have not used them in many years . alternatively to a browser , something like pocket can save things for offline use , as a specific function so you can use any broswer you want !
the nexus 7 ( with mobile data ) takes a micro sim card . see this page from google support on how you can insert and activate a sim card .
unfortunately , as the comments state , there is currently no way to automate this - and i for one wish there was , as i find myself deleting loads of folders as well . you should do it manually - but methodically , and it starts to seem to take a lot less time , as you start to think about it . one thing to look out for is folders for game apps that you installed , as they may contain the downloaded game data - which can be quite large , which you may wish to keep incase you want to install and play the game again . like izzy mentioned , sd maid finds some of the orphan files for you - but not all .
though i know of no definite way , i would suggest looking them up on appbrain . additionally to the " permissions " tab we had in playstore before their " win-8 relaunch " , that site offers a tab " permissions and concerns " , where some things are pointed out . it might also be worth taking a look at their search results : spam apps are " filtered " at appbrain , so they show up single-line instead of full-heights in the result list . while all that might only give indicators ( and no definite answers ) , it is one step in the desired direction at least . a second step would be searching the web for reports . including the app names ( with links ) in your question might also give you the chance somebody here recognizes the one or other .
this is an error with your network setting . nothing is wrong with your device or the app . goto Settings -> More Settings -> Mobile Networks now go to Access Point Names click your APN , ( e . g . o2 ) delete the proxy and delete the ip address within it , so it is " not set " this was solved in the microsoft forums .
as far i know this is a security " feature " on android devices that do not let you open personal data through widgets when you set a lock code or a lock pattern . only works if you do not have no security set .
you can still put your own widgets onto the lock screen , but i can not figure out how to get the temp back .
i guess there must be a backdoor for this because i have read in a news article that it will be possible to upgrade ( officially ) the os on samsung galaxy without connecting it with a usb cable to another computer by means of a new " kies " app from samsung . so , it is possible for an app ( in this case , at least the kies app ) to re-install the os . but this backdoor might be well-protected ( requiring cryptographic signatures from samsung perhaps -- just a guess ) . and the article told that one should install the " kies " app ( if it is not present ) through the " samsung apps " app . ( i have not tested this myself because i have been using the device without a sim-card , but the " samsung app " app wants a sim-card . . . ) so , it is possible to install an app that will be able to re-install the os . but this backdoor might be well protected ( perhaps , only an app from samsung can do this ) .
use rom manager app . it can install roms from sd card . you can download your favorite roms using it , too . and , samsung galaxy s is officially supported by it .
( i have read it must be possible to flash an update stored as a file on the device in a recovery mode . ) indeed , " procedure b : ( does not require adb ) " from galaxy s i9000 howto section ( on forum . xda-developers ) must enable me to re-install the os without a usb cable on a non-rooted samsung galaxy s : copy the customrom/root file to the "/sdcard/" folder on the phone and ( if not already the case ) rename to " update . zip " restart in recovery mode by pressing an holding volumeup+home+power . wait for the recovery screen en select " apply : /sdcard/update . zip " wait for it to finish and reboot .
take it to the samsung care and fresh install the kitkat rom all your problems will be solved . if you don wana go to samsung care go to sammobile . com find the suitable firmware and flash your device using odin .
i was surprised there was no official google app . i am using cloud print on my galaxy s3 .
sony has software on their android devices , called timescape ui , which does what you are looking for , unfortunately it is only for their phones . i have had a look around and can not find any alternatives . if you look in the market , timescape has a load of plugins - it is such a shame they do not open it up to the android community as a whole .
idk if wp8s have this feature , but is there a way to save your messages to the sim ? that is assuming you will be keeping the sim .
as the op found a solution , but missed to make it an answer , let me transfer it here : i solved my problem exporting sms to csv by nokia suite and then importing it to my device using sms tools - all in one application .
using the ls command , you can find out the owner ( and group ) of those directories . following this with a ls on /data , and watching out for the same ownership , you should find only one hit , reveaing the package name of the corresponding app – which you then can use on the google play website to find the matching app ( by placing the found package name after the id= part of the url ) . as access to the /data directory is restricted , the above commands must be executed with root privileges .
applock is a legitimate app , considering that you opted to install it . it allows the device owner to assign a password to any app , settings area , or even google play thereby making it possible ( for example ) to lend the device to a young child without having to worry about the youth accessing those apps , settings or store . the app works as defined . i would therefore not consider the directories as suspicious , if they indeed are owned by applock as a previous post clarified .
after a grep through dumpstate logs in /data/log , i noticed that the sqlite3 file was being accessed by com.domobile.applock .
the only apps shown there are the ones using significant ( > =1% ) battery . if the app is not particularly resource intensive , it will not show up there .
on the htc incredible i just searched for the particular app in the market , selected it and unchecked " allow automatic updating " from there . hopefully it works that way on your phone ( and others ) .
i just went to market | downloads and selected the app . the " allow automatic updates " checkbox is at the top of the page and checked , allowing me to uncheck it . i also have a motorola droid running 2.2 . is there a particular app with this behavior ? maybe it is a system app that requires automatic updating .
i just had this happen to me ( htc incredible , android 2.2 ) . an app updated automatically , i decided to turn auto updates off , and the checkbox was gone . happened with two happens , my tracks and maps , both from google . i found that if i pulled down the notifications panel and tapped on the " successfully updated " message for the app to make it go away , then returned to the market page for the app , the checkbox had reappeared and i could disable automatic updates . tapping the notification also starts the app , so it could be either removing the notification or opening the app once after the update that made the checkbox reappear .
i had the same problem and found this post . the check box finally came back after i force closed the market and reopened it . i think this is the primary reason it will not let you change the " automatic update " option . hope this helps : ) epsilon
running adb logcat and rebooting my phone worked for me . requires the android sdk though .
if you already have the app on your phone , you might want to take a look at appmonster . this app allows you to create backups of your apps ' .apk files to your sd card ( the pro version even can do so automatically each time you install/update an app , so you always have the chance to revert to a previous version if an update breaks something ) . you can then pick that .apk from your sd card , copy it to your tablet , and " side-load " it ( i.e. . install it manually ) . for this to work , you must enable " unknown sources " in your tablet 's settings ( otherwise it only accepts installs directly via the playstore ) .
the default browser does not have extensions , but what you are looking for might be found as android apps , for instance : " bookmark sort and backup " ( bookmarksb ) . the bookmarks themselves are considered part of android not of the default browser , but the addon would only have use through the default browser and there are changes made to the options in browser that you will not see in other browsers from installing this app . for serious stuff like effective ad blocking and changes to the hosts file you would need root access , before you can use full features of such addons , and in particular modify your hosts file . the hosts file would apply to your entire system not to a specific browser or application .
the transfer of energy in a lithium ion battery generates heat . the components in the phone generate heat . charging with gps will generate the most heat as the gps , cell radio and battery are all being used , while charging . anything you do while charging will cause the phone to get hotter than if it were running on battery alone . also , the heat while on battery will come from a few sources . first , the more power it is using ( gps , cpu intensive apps , large downloads , hotspot mode , high screen brightness , etc . ) , the more heat will be released from the battery . also the components themselves , like the cell radio and the cpu/gpu will generate heat . combine all these factors in different combinations , the device can heat up . also , there is a known radio bug that can cause it to heat up too . if the phone loses service , it goes to max power to reacquire signal . sometimes the phone does not drop to normal power after the signal is restored , causing the radio to operate at max power , generating heat and placing a large draw on the battery , again resulting in more heat . this will be evidenced by a linear decline in your battery and high heat after a loss of service . a simple reboot will solve this , though it can still happen again . and if you are concerned about the phone overheating , it will not . if the cpu gets too hot , it will just slow down the cpu until it cools down . if the battery gets too hot , it will shut off completely . you can turn it back on when it cools down . ( if it gets too hot while charging , the first thing it will do is reduce the charging current or shut it off completely , before shutting off . )
unless amazon releases their kindle fire source code , there will not be a way to mod a different android tablet to be a faux fire . i seriously doubt that will happen that is not to say that someone will not be able to put together some combination of mods and apps that might approximate some of the fire 's functionality , but that is a pretty daunting task , if amazon 's proprietary changes do not make it completely impossible . update : how about that ? amazon actually did release the kindle fire source code . http://latimesblogs.latimes.com/technology/2011/11/amazon-releases-kindle-fire-source-code.html update 2 : it seems that someone 's got something very close . android spin has details .
and what to do before that , also important . ok , short guide – assuming your .apk has the name metro.apk , and you are in the very same directory on your computer where that file resides : PC&gt; adb push metro.apk /data/local/metro.apk PC&gt; adb shell $ su # pm install /data/local/metro.apk  what i am just wondering : what makes you think you need to be root for that ? taking the shorter road : PC&gt; adb install metro.apk  saves a few steps : ) otoh , if you are talking about a system app , things might look different :
this is what i did in android 4.1 and gmail : open gmail tap the overflow menu ( three vertical dots ) and select settings tap the account for which you do not want to get notifications uncheck the notifications option that should be all you need to do .
chrome 's tab switcher view is only available on phones , not tablets . this is by design , since phones do not have space for the tab bar that tablets have . the chrome documentation describes the differences between phones and tablets in how you work with tabs .
yes , you are talking about wake-on-lan . and as far as i know , the device to be awoken this way must be plugged-in via an ethernet cable ( how else ? when it is turned off , so is its wifi ) . as for the network : either both devices have to be in the same network , or you have port-forwarding enabled on the router connecting the different networks ( otherwise your target cannot be reached ) . now for the remaining part : how to use your android device to trigger this ? you were asking for tasker -- and yes , that should be possible . there is a locale wake on lan plugin ( and locale plugins do work with tasker . i cannot see that tasker natively supports nfc -- but there is e.g. a youtube video , so there must be a way -- hm , maybe this locale nfc plugin ? so now there should be everything complete , and you can start testing : )
disable antivirus in your system before extracting superoneclick and while running it
according to an answer i got a thread i made at xda developers , it looks like the phone actually is rooted because the whole idea with the cf-root kernel i used is that it comes pre rooted ( which makes me feel slightly sheepish ! ) .
that is not supported , but there are some workarounds : you could change language to something unused , before pressing space , and switching back afterwards . or you may enter two spaces and place the cursor in between , and then type the word . i really like swype , but that is one of its drawbacks . . .
. srt is just text . so , i am sure you can edit it using any text editor like jota+ . give it a try , and let me know if it works .
with subtitle editor free you can edit your subtitles in your mobile phone . application support several different encodings and you can edit time , text , re-sync subtitles and app has a lot of other functions . try this app ! https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mixedapps.subtitlescreator
not sure this helps you 100% as i have never done this on the nexus s but i did it on the htc desire , which the manufacturer gave a laughably small area for user installed apps . i follows this tutorial : http://alpharev.nl/ basically you are using fastboot to put a new hboot down . i suggest googling for more info about these ; whether there is an existing one close enough to your requirements , or if it is easy to create them yourself .
this might be some compatibility issue -- despite the fact that it seemed to work fine initially . it is not the first time i read such in connection with a class-10 card . i would recommend to get yourself a class-6 ( good enough and fast enough -- only in rare cases you would really note any difference ) , maybe preferably from a different brand than the current class-10 , and give that a try . chances are very good your trouble will disappear this way .
the clock icon means that you have not sent the message yet . if you see a single tick mark it means that you have sent the message and it has been received by the whatsapp server ( but not the destined user ) if you see a double tick mark , that means the message has been received by the recipient too . if a message has a single tick with it , it can not be stopped from getting to the user . but if you sent a message when offline and deleted when the phone was offline i do not think the message will reach its destination .
well , i guess this is the answer : how to go back to a stock android rom on samsung galaxy s2 ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hj1flxev1lc ) .
be patient , it can take a while for your device to show on there
i had a similar issue ( new device can install from google play , but from the website it was not being shown as a device under my settings ) . what i had to do was to go into settings/apps/google play on the device and then clear the data . once that is done , when you next launch play , it will ask you to accept the terms and conditions . then i just downloaded an app ( any app will do ) on the device . this seems to alert the web settings that there is another device . i then checked my settings on the play website and the device was now listed ( no delay , it was there straight away ) . note that i never logged out of the browser , or cleared any browser caches etc . effectively the step are : clear the google play app cache on the android device . start play and accept t and cs download any app from inside the play app . hopefully this will work for others too .
have you tried singing out on both pc and device google ( ever stuff ) accounts then history / catch erase un sync old device from the gmail address via your google dashboard settings then on device delete and re associate new device by add account on sign even though the device is new and listed as compatible you may need to go to ' market ' to download ' google play ' app . yes i no sounds silly but true story . . go into device settings -- to applications and sync ---into device accounts / add account---ensure weather or not the data background is on if it is green or enabled try this back out to network n wifi and go to airplane mode enable then disable remember upon completion -- to enable sync or turn on sync across platforms . . . . . . . . . . . . . the only reference to the suggestions above is personal experience . . . first 1 should work tho good luck ; - )
no , since it is factory unlocked , nothing will ever relock your phone .
back in the days of the zte blade there was a rom that [ sim ] unlocked the handset , flashing another rom would remove that unlock , but like @shywim says if it is factory unlocked it is unlikely that flashing another rom will lock it and like @izzy says it is also unlikely to happen in a custom rom
i have a best and easy solution for the above problem that first go to file manager > settings> show hidden files> than rename the folder . nomedia to . adc then restart your phone and remove the sd card card directly without unmount if then re insert it to the phone during switch on and watch by default it scan sd card and show media in gallery and music checkout this and if it doesnot work than delete the folder . nomedia and do the step of remove and insert sd card again then open gallery ok
if your device has a directional pad ( or a trackball ) , then when you press down , the previous search key would show up in the search box and is editable .
android os versions 3 . x and above ( honeycomb , ice cream sandwich ) actually have a setting that allows you to specify " owner info " text that will show up when the device is locked . there are also many 3rd-party locks-creen replacement apps that allow for much greater configuration flexibility than the stock one , including the ability to specify any text on the locks-creen . take a look at widgetlocker or go locker , for example . for the " unlocked " state , you can always modify an image to include the " if found . . . " text , copy it onto the device 's sd card ( or internal storage area ) , and set that as the wallpaper . you can use one of the myriad of free image editing software ( e . g . paint .net) to add the text .
to expand on chahk 's answer : go to the settings app , and from the personal section , choose security ( on a samsung phone , choose lock screen instead ) . then tap owner info , and enter your name , room number , phone number ( though not of the same phone , obviously ) , or whatever . i found this a bit limiting , especially for working in a big office , so i wrote a lock screen widget to also display your profile photo ( the one that shows up with your name in the quick-access menu ) . this means that if someone picks your phone up while you are still nearby ( say , after a meeting , or at a party ) , they can give it straight to you , rather than having to phone your landline or email you later . i made it free to download , with no ads , because it is a really simple app : i have no financial interest in promoting it here . it needs 4.1-jelly-bean or later because that is the first version to support lock screen widgets . download owner photo widget from google play
https://market.android.com/details?id=com.appengine.paranoid_android.lost worked for me .
try something like this . its an app that has sorted that sort of problem for alot of people . hope that does the trick .
if your phone is rooted and got clockworkmod installed , then try formatting and creating an ext partition in clockworkmod . its the most simplest and easiest way to do it . it will automatically take care of your fat partition too . for more info , read this article
minitool partition magic did not work for me . instead , i formatted and partitioned the card directly through adb in cwm recovery using this guide on xda-developers forums . am using link2sd ( similar to app2sd ) fine now on cm 11 kitkat 4.4.2
i had the same problem . use minitool partition magic and set your card partition to primary partition . apply changes and that is it .
if you have got a replacement app , you could utilize tasker for that : condition : docked task : start app [ your-replacement-app-here ] on the next docking , you would be asked for the app to perform this action with . decide for " tasker " and see if it works as expected . if it does , make it the default next time . as alternate app you could e.g. use desk clock plus , which might even support this without the help of tasker .
" does not work outside us currently . we are working on getting a fix out . " . . . told me les vogel who is the staff developer programs engineer - googletv so i think we will have to wait .
hmm , as said before i am afraid that there is no such setting available . but there is a handy little app that lets you create widgets that let you switch your networks with a single tap . so when you realize you are connected to your friend 's network , simply press the button on your homescreen and you will be connected to your own network again . you can find the app here : wifi manager .
not exactly what you may have intended , but still a possible solution : using an app like wifi qr code generator wifi qr share you can generate a qr code of your friend 's wifi connection , print it , laminate it ( for protection ) , and put it into your wallet . now , whenever you want to use that wifi network , take out the qr-code , scan it with barcode scanner -- and get connected . for a " log-out " simply disconnect , and remove the network from your list ( to keep your device from autoconnecting ) . not quite elegant -- but it saves you from typing the long password everytime . side-effect : print out the qr multiple times , and give it to your friend 's for other guests . do the same for your own wifi . now you never have to tell your passwords : to permit your guests to connect , somply show them the qr-code to scan ( and have them delete the network from their devices when they leave , as android stores wifi-passwords unencrypted ) .
can i just point out that this is not an android issue but a samsung issue . the android stock email app on a vanilla rom allows you to set the " your name " field . samsung 's modified email app does not have this field
for posterity 's sake , i would like to point out that after doing research online , i have found out that this is an issue plaguing samsung galaxy s2 and s3 as well . most of the discussions on this issue end with , " why do not you just get a @gmail account ? " since i refuse to have an email with numbers in it , i am going to stick to my more professional looking email on @live.com. i do not want to put an ugly email like jsmith223@live . com on my resume or any other correspondence for that matter . anyhoo , long story short , if you have a hotmail email address (@hotmail.com, @live.com, @outlook.com, etc ) and you value a synchronized mailbox ( meaning , having all sent and read messages marked as such on your desktop , web mailbox and phone regardless of where you sent or read a message ) , then do not get an android device until there is concrete evidence online of someone being able to show that it works . pop3 is archaic technology from the mid-90s . imap is not a whole lot newer , but you can still get by with imap . unfortunately , microsoft has refused to offer imap services on hotmail accounts . so your only options are pop3 and exchange activesync ( eas ) .
as far i as i know this feature is available on stock rom given by the manufacturer . may be someone might consider this and do a work around to fix this issue on cyanogenmod rom . even this key does not work with other soft keyboard applications .
odds are if it is only supported on the samsung vibrant there is a good reason why . until blip is released for your phone model or someone manages to modify the app for other phones you are likely out of luck .
when you do an action like viewing a file , android shows the chooser to let you choose from all the apps that say they can understand that file or url . it is up to the app author to tell android what files the app can understand . if an app does not show up in that list when you think it should , it is a bug in the app , and you should contact the app developer to ask them to make that change . it is possible to use a third-party app to act as an intermediary , to let you send any action on any file or url to any app of your choice , but the result will almost always be that the ' target ' app crashes , or just opens to the main screen without opening the file you want , because it has not been programmed to understand that intent .
download the gsam battery monitor ( formally knows as bad ass battery monitor ) it will keep track of the number of times and for how long each app keep the device awake . open gsam and go to the app sucker view ( icon on the lower left ) . then change the view to time held awake . to see the number of time an app held the device awake press on the app . ( click to enlarge )
check " wakelock detector " - wld at googleplay ( disclosure : i am the author ) choose " full wakelocks " option to see which apps are using screen wakelocks ! currently running processes are shown in green color , which makes it easy to recognize the suspicious app . here is a screenshot , where the ad notification was detected . it was waking up my screen randomly .
in order to determine , which process causing the wakelock , you can use betterbatterystats from xda . its proven over periods , the app provides clear list of what are all process causing the wake lock and their count as well . hope it helps !
these codes are just samsung 's own version codes , and as far as i know , they have no logic , except that they increase alphabetically and numerically with each new release . you will have to either install and check the version they correspond to , or search for news of new firmware releases for your device to see what they upgrade . as for the pda/phone/csc , pda is the os itself , phone means the radio firmware ( gsm/cdma/umts/lte radio chip ) and csc stands for country specific customization ( or carrier specific customization ) , which provides regional customizations such as carrier apns , available languages etc .
it will not matter . you can only run apps where the developer has either set the target to android 1.5 or the mintarget to 1.5 ( with a target to 1.6+ , meaning they had have to be careful that android 1.5 does not make api calls that do not exist yet for 1.5 ) .
no , you can not . being able to see applications targeted at higher android version is useless , because it will not install or run anyway .
only one way to find out . try it .
check out backitude . it takes over the latitude updating for you . good reviews .
i found this from the google mobile help forum after a little searching . it is from 8/15/09 so i actually see something a little different on my phone settings > location > google location services . i have not tested it but hope it helps . quoting the site : hi everyone , apologies for not updating this thread specifically sooner . there is a new version available in android market ( version 3.1.2 ) . just search for " google maps " if you have at least the 1.5 system update ( cupcake ) and install this over your current version of maps . please let me know if you experience background location updating issues with this version . as long as you have enabled automatic location detection in the latitude privacy menu and have enabled location detection ( settings > security and location > use wireless networks ) , latitude should update your location while your phone is on . this means your location should never appear older than ~1 hour to any of your friends . thank you all for your patience ! chris
using latify , you can configure location updates using a specific interval . it will syncup with google latitude using either gps or wifi at the defined interval , even when the application is not running .
the window manager you saw is part of samsung android 4 . x o.s. and only works on samsung tablets . there are lots and lots of differences between samsung android and google android . i did a quick comparison for the galaxy s3 smartphone : here
i had the same problem after upgrading my android version . i fixed it by clearing the google play store cache and data . go to Menu Settings &gt; Applications &gt; Google Play Store and click the Clear cache button and Clear data button .
make sure date and time are correct . that will more than likely fix your problem .
both facebook and twitter contact sync stopped doing anything useful sometime recently ( ics ? ) . they no longer provide a meaningful between your phone contacts and the actions provided by those clients . i think this has to do with changes to the android api that for whatever reason these companies have not adapted to . there is a stop-gap solution for facebook using a third party app such as contact sync for facebook or friends sync * but i do not know any solution for twitter other than the hack-it method of having a url listed and using the web client . * this publisher also has other sync apps for foursquare , flickr , and others .
there is an xda developer who created just such an application after becoming frustrated by facebook 's blatant disregard for users privacy . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2049360
these apps read your location for post location tagging , and there no apps that i no of that do not have the location permissions . there are some workarounds however : mobile site you could use http://m.facebook.com , which would only be able to gather ip based location , unless you allow it to access your location via the browser ( this is easily denied , and an option will be displayed when it first attempts to access location - you can just select deny . this is in the android browser ) . disable location services another alternative , is to just disable all location services in your settings menu prior to launching the app - the app can still get your location , but it would be very course ( to about town level ) . deny location permissions to app ( s ) if you are rooted , you can use an app such as permissions denied ( paid app ) to deny the apps the permission to access your location - be aware that the app may force close if it tries to do something it does not have permission to do .
why are you doing it that way ? not surprised that the app that was downloaded failed to work ! android 4.0.4 has native screenshot facility in place - hold down power button and press the volume down key simultaneously . a screenshot will be captured and stored on /sdcard/Screenshots
i was able to take screenshots after rebooting the device and running the same screenshot app with root permissions . the golauncher screenshot feature gives the same results , corrupt image when ran as root and very small image when ran as non-root .
look i use utorrent and yes this may occur sometimes . so what i do is that i only download huge files from utorrent if available as it is usual work was to transfer big files . by downloading big files from utorrent , the app does not get full access because what utorrent does is that it first downloads the file and then after downloading it does the multiple writing . so what you can do to stop this is just wait for the download to start and after 5 seconds of starting pause the download . now to start it again choose ' force start ' . now after the download is complete , pause the download . this would not let utorrent fetch extra information for the server . and there you have it . hope it works . if not then let me know what problems you encountered . a positive vote is always appreciated :d
only devices with nvidia tegra chips in them can be completely restored to factory conditions . when you root your phone , the warranty is void , and there is no sending it back . you can back-up a rom and before booting , wipe the phone 's rom and restore one of the backed up roms . backing up and restoring is very time consuming , though . you would only want to do that so you could perhaps have an aosp rom , a touchwhiz rom , and perhaps a cm9 or aokp rom as well-- trust me , you will be too busy flashing new updates to worry about switching between backups . head over to http://forum.xda-developers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=1346 for the low down on the rest . you can never read enough , really-- the different roms will be under the development section .
you can do all this using tasker . it may not be free , and the interface may look dated but it does all this and so much more . you will never go back to anything else once you get things setup the way you want . this is honestly the best , and most useful app on my personal phone .
while i agree with matt on the usefulness of tasker , as to my current knowledge you had have to configure all your wifi zones manually here based on their location ( e . g . via " cell near " , which leverages cell tower information and does not use much battery as the current cell is either known to the system , or via network-based or gps location ) . if you one day add a new wifi , you had to manually add it to tasker as well -- if not somebody has found a way to automate this . so i want to additionally introduce smart wifi , which automatically does that part of the job : as soon as you connect to a wifi , it records the corresponding cell tower ids . next time one of them comes in reach , wifi will be turned on automatically . so you then could use a tool like tasker to kick in on the " wifi off " condition to enable your hotspot functionality , and disable this again as soon as smart wifi enabled wifi again . also agreed with matt : once you have got to understand tasker , you will not want to miss it again -- it is such a powerful tool . concerning its price : there is a 7-day trial available at the tasker homepage . you can export its configuration , and uninstall and re-install the trial for another 7-day-period ( as described by its developer ) and import your configuration again , which gives you at least 14 days to get familiar with this app . you certainly will not regret it .
to be honest , it sounds like a hardware fault in the phone , especially since you say it is been happening since you bought the phone . if the phone were still new , i would say you should take it back to the shop , but by flashing a new rom you have voided the warranty . to answer your question : no , it is not normal for that phone . i have known a few galaxy s2 owners , and you should get as much life out of it as any other smartphone : a couple of days between charges if you do not use it heavily .
i did a reset from " backup and reset " menu in settings . and this got the digital clock back .
i have found a solution . go to supersu > > settings > > " fully unroot this device . " done .
to unroot the device all you have to flash the stock rom on your phone and lock the bootloader again . to do this you have to download the latest android 4.4.2 for nexus 5 on your pc and flash the same on your device with adb commands . so before that you have to install the android adb and fastboot drivers on your pc . first download the newest factory images to your pc and save the folder on your desktop . download link read the full guide here with step by step instruction
yes , it is possible . some devices even have an official ( branded ) adaptor for doing this , such as the asus transformer tf-101 . as you surmise , though , if the tablet does not support it , external convertors are quite unwieldy and typically need their own power supply , as they typically have to buffer a whole frame at a time in order to work . newer data projectors support hdmi or even mhl input , which allows you to use any tablet or phone with micro-hdmi or mhl output , with the appropriate cable . using either method , the presentations do not have to be of what is on your screen . android 4.1 and up provide a way for apps to send different visuals to the external display from the built-in screen , so ( for example ) presentation apps can show your slide on the big screen and notes and controls on the tablet itself .
first of all , you need to to flash clockwork mod recovery over your default stock recovery . then get into clockworkmod recovery . after that you can flash any cynogenmod roms . use this guide to work with odin .
it looks like the key was holding down volume-down , power , and camera buttons until the capacitive buttons ( home , search , etc ) lit up , which was longer than until the screen flashed ( as stated in the cyanogenmod wiki ) .
there is some documentation on the aosp site : getevent plus several howtos like e.g. android , writing events low level touch screen automated shell turning the output from getevent into something something that can be used how to emulate key presses adb shell sendevent , sending touch like events android , low level shell click on screen however , the answer to your question on google groups states : no , this is fairly device-dependent . getevent prints a summary of all the devices so you know what those are . the data generated for a device are generally the linux kernel 's event protocol , so you can look there for further help , but there is no guarantee that a particular device will be following those conventions .
that will depend on the factors for the kernel in question : if it has uinput enabled then that is good . . . touchscreen drivers , some initialize themselves to reside anywhere within /dev/input/eventx how the kernel handles the input , for the hardware buttons if this passes the three criteria above , then by reading certain events from /dev/input/eventx where x is a number - this will be determined at boot-time , depending on the ordering of loading the appropriate drivers . this will vary but you can try it out and see : adb shell cat /dev/input/eventx ( where x is a number , you will need to know before hand ! ) depending on which event it is then you can see funny things happening on the screen based on the appropriate /dev/input/eventx being outputted . the values are in encoded form , based on the kernel 's input structure - struct input_event which can be found in most kernel sources under include/linux/input.h . be careful ! depending on the touchscreen driver used , some , do not actually return the proper coordinates - that is left as an exercise : ) on the samsung gt-i5500 running eclair , /dev/input/event2 is the touchscreen and the values are in encoded form , this is not to be taken for granted as that will depend on what touchscreen driver is used . on the sony st15i , running ics , its , surprisingly , the same ! but on the zte blade , its /dev/input/event1 . incidentally , i did some work about a year ago , on creating a touchscreen for clockworkmod recovery which can be found over on modaco . the real painful part was trying to determine which event was the touchscreen and act on it accordingly which was ported over to zte skate , zte racer and samsung gt-i5500 .
the svc app ( pro version ) will automatically resume recording your video and save them in a chain of files . so you can leave it unmonitored and as recording reaches max file size it will continue recording into a second or third . . . file until you max your storage . this is the workaround that i have found myself using .
i emailed google about this here is the response i got : " thank you for contacting google . i appreciate your patience with me as i look into this issue . it seems as though the limit placed on the video data file of 2gb is written into the android operating system . this is in effect on all types of android devices . i have researched a few video control apps , they follow the same rule and stop at 1.9-2gb . at this time i do not believe there is a work around for this issue . i do not have software update information available either . some of the research i have done points to a possible legislative law that limits the video recording time of mobile devices as it takes away from video recorders . "
the string "3.0.8+ root@ubuntu #412" is the kernel version of your android . it does not mean your device is running ubuntu , though : it is not unusual that the kernel version includes the name of the machine it was compiled on . so it just tells you what the dev of your custom rom uses for development .
it sounds like no one has cracked the latest version of your firmware to allow for root access so you will have to downgrade to an earlier version of your stock rom . you may have already seen all this in your travels but if not , it may help . warning , this is by no means a definitive guide , but it is my best shot : downgrade your firmware : here is an old guide on how to downgrade , but it still should be relevant . here are old roms for your phone . root : this guide over at xda is pretty comprehensive . it was last updated in august , but it looks like it was edited just two weeks ago so it should still be good info . i would read through the thread and to see how it is been working for people . there may actually be more relevant instructions later on in the thread . again , i have no idea if this will work , so proceed at your own risk .
dunno if this has gotten answered , but had to deal with this today and the app groupy is great . you can even hide groups so it lists only the ones you want , it handles multiple accounts setup on the phone just fine , and i know for sure if you drop a shortcut to the app itself it will open right up once you tap the 1x1 shortcut on the desktop right to the listing of the groups . it also has some nice shortcut buttons to send an email , sms [ or mms ] right from that listing screen [ the icons are right across the bottom of the screen when the app is open . i did not see any widgets listed under widgets for it , but i have not gone extremely in-depth with it yet . i do not see a major need for them as when you tap the app shortcut the app opens right to a list of all the groups you have on the device [ be they system , or created by you the user ( if done via google contacts website be sure to either wait for the sync or go in to settings accounts and tap the account you modified contacts on and tap to clear then tap to add the checkmark back as that will cause it to sync right away [ or of course hit sync now button if you have that available instead if you prefer ] ) . of course if you go through and choose to hide any groups when you open the app it will only list that groups that have not been hidden . you can even choose multiple groups to send messages to by tapping the checkboxes found on the right hand side of the screen for all the groups you want to send your message to . please be aware for both email and sms or mms : some carriers/providers do put limits on how many contacts you may send any one message to in attempts to curtail people from spamming too many people at once . you will need to review the limits with your carrier in the case of sms/mms messages or you provider for your email account for emails . so if your groups [ or groups ] contain too many people your message may either fail to send at all or only send to soo many people [ depending on how your carrier/service provider choose to handle the limit ]
i had the same problem as you . i do not remember how i resolved it on my wildfire s . i only know , that i installed something like " group manager " , but could not find it anymore , and missing it after factory reset of the phone . but i am not sure , if advantage of making " group shortcut " was made by this app , because i have tried some other apps . there was one file manger and so . . . . and about your app . not bad , usefull . but on my wildfire s is slow . i think it is because of pic thumbnails . app i have used before showed only names and numbers . if you will rewrite your app , i can write you some hints . or if you want , please write me how did you make it . i am older , but have young son , which can continue or make it with you . regards
i do not know of any way to do this automatically , aside from some app i do not know of , but you can do it yourself by adding a new blank folder and then adding shortcuts to your contacts in it however you like .
okay , . . . there was no app that i could find that would do this . so , i wrote one . it actually uses home screen shortcuts , not live folders , due to the way they are implemented and the complexity of coding them . if anyone should be interested , i have since rewritten it . . . you can find the new one here : live groups .
you can make folder of family and save all the contact inside it long press on one word is goes for speed dialling case
sure , just open a contact , and long press the number that you want to make as a default contact , then choose default contact ( actual words may differ according to the rom you are using and the contact application , but the way to do it , at least in the standard android is this )
new contacts are added to the internal contactslist at the bottom . they are displayed in the way you want : firstname/lastname or lastname/firstname . when you are called by the family 's house then the phonenumber is searched in the internal contactslist and returns the first match found . what you have to do is : make sure that the family 's house is the first contact te be found . you can not do this by changing it to another name , because that does not change the order of the internal contactslist . one way to do it is : export all your contacts and edit the . vcf file so that the family 's house is above all other contacts . erase the contacts in your phone and import the edited file . another way is to erase all your contacts and type them in by hand , but make sure the family 's house is before the other contacts with the same phonenumber . you must actually do this with all contacts that are not one person , but multiple persons ( i.e. . father and mother ) or a place ( such as the family 's house ) .
i solved this problem by renaming the contact that gets listed when i receive the call . in other words , one of my colleagues was listed each time i received a call from work instead of listing " work landline " , so i edited that colleague 's contact info to be named " work landline " and then i created a new contact for that person . this achieves exactly what fred described , but may take less work depending on your situation . the downside to this is that you may need a call in your log to determine which contact to edit . more explicitly , here is what i did ( note that you can do 3 and 4 from your phone instead of the web and then you do not need #5 ) : called my mobile phone from my work landline identified the contact that was displayed ( our office manager ) used google contacts website to change the name of my office manager to " work landline " used google contacts website to create a new contact with my office manager 's name . waited for my contacts to sync to my phone . as a final confirmation , i looked in my call log and saw that my office manager 's name had been replaced with " work landline "
if kies tells you that you have a unofficial release it usually means that you have an unofficial release . : ) this is usually the result of flashing the device with heimdall/odin and an prerelease firmware that was never official released for you device and/or region . but there can be other reasons for this too . you could flash an offical rom , which can be obtained for example from samfirmware . com . instructions on how-to flash and what release is the current offical for your region can be found on this site too . be aware that flashing can leave you device in an unusable state and it will do a factory reset , so save your data prior flashing . also you may lose your warranty .
there is this tool called RSD Lite , which is ( afaik ) an internal tool from motorola to flash their phones . you should be able to find it around the googles . and here you should be able to pick up a stock firmware for the defy . this method worked for my moto cliq xt , but do not let this be a guarantee for your defy !
i had the same problem with my device . a problem lied in the running apps that avoided the phone going to the standby mode ( for me it was e.g. my k-9 email client ) . therefore , i shut these apps down , connected my phone again to my laptop and it was ok .
go to samsung kies software , on top left of the window , click the menu > driver recovery . let it reinstall drivers after driver installation finished , go to your phone , settings> application > development , tick usb debugging mode . under usb debugging mode connect your phone to the pc with usb . it installs correctly ! disconnect from pc untick usb debugging mode connect again and it works ! courtesy forum . ausdroid .net- usb not working ( mtp restarting )
the hint from omar proved to be the best for me . i found out that a wallpaper app installed long extension files in my sd card and i happened to find a sub-folder named " cache " inside the folder carrying the app´s name . once i deleted it and reinserted the usb cable onto the phone , " voilá" , the pc recognized it again on mtp mode ! !
i have done a lot , including uninstalling nokia-related phone apps , switching to debug mode and usb mass storage mode for getting different drivers . the 18 mb exe located in samsung\kies\usb driver extracts many folders including . inf , but none is for mtp driver . the driver reinstalling option from kies also does not help . until i switch back to the default home screen , not launcherpro , not helauncher , but twlauncher , i get the ' mtp application ' screen on phone showing ' connected ' immediately . if this screen does not come up , it is impossible . so my final piece of advice is to restore your phone to factory setting and see if it is a problem related to what you have in internal sd . ( external sd removed of course )
first back up your data , all of it , internal and external sd memory . then connect your phone to your pc choosing the mass storage option ( first make it ask you before connect how to connect ) , then walk through all of your applications checking for any folder named cache or anything similar , then delete whatever is in it . if you came across any other kind of file that is cache or related to cache , delete it . this issue happens because some , most of them actually , cache files have a very long extension , and that prevents the mtp connection establishment . for me , i tried this in two ways , the first one , i formated my sd memory , both internal and external , and that did not pay off , then i tried the method i mentioned above and it worked , if it did not please reply telling so .
found the problem to be like one of the guys said in another thread . . . it was the external sd having most likely unrecognized characters ( at least to samsung kies ) or characters that are too long . . . i removed the external sd and ran kies and its working . . . might not be very useful to do it this way but i only needed it to update sw and manage contacts so its find : )
no need for any backup or any formatting your sd cards . all you need to do is just connect your phone , when it says failed go to device manager , uninstall it from there . unplug your phone , go to kies , open tools > install drivers . after installation plug your phone . . only tested on windows 7 x64 ultimate .
resolved my galaxy s connection problem on winxp 32bit by install this microsoft_user-mode_driver_framework_install-v1.0-winxp . exe edit : i think this has been replaced by the wdf . http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/en/details.aspx?displaylang=enfamilyid=36a2630f-5d56-43b5-b996-7633f2ec14ff
try updating your windows media player to latest version .
uninstall kies and all drivers , then reboot . download and install the appropriate drivers from this xda post . download and install kies mini from samsung . com ( support at the top , then just select your phone model and go to software ) . connect your phone !
who is the manufacturer of your phone ? if the phone comes with android per-installed and its a licensed one from google , play store should be installed and working in it . in that case , you should contact customer care and get your phone flashed with the stock rom .
i guess the easiest way is using an app like pocket ( formerly known as " read it later" ) . pocket accepts input from all kind of apps via the " share " menu ; i e.g. use it with my rss reader , twitter apps , browser , and more . so far for the " android end": even before the buffer starts filling , press " share " , select " pocket " , done . now for your pc , pocket offers addon for several browsers . for me , that is firefox , and it is addon works like a charm : i have got a small icon next to my url bar , which opens a ( paged ) list of saved entries which even offers a search/filter function – so it is easy to pick the wanted entry ( here : youtube url ) and watch the movie . the " share process " on your android device works in the background ( gives you status information via " toast messages" ) , so it does not disturb you in whatever you are doing . as a side effect ( you might already have taken that from my above description ) you can do the same with a lot of other stuff you want to " consume later " – as long as it provides an url : tweets , web pages , rss feeds , probably also podcasts and more . and if you decide to check some of the stuff while on the road , pocket offers a reader for that as well ( included with the app ) .
if you do not mind having to completely re-configure it , and start as if you had just installed that app : go to settings → apps scroll to the app in question , tap it select to " delete cache " and " delete data " now you have completely " refreshed " it . with some luck , the app somehow offers to export its configuration ; if so , do that first , and re-import the settings after above described " reset " to save you from manually reconfiguring it .
it wants to be device admin in security . unstick the device admin and use a separate app like owa for exchange mail
i do not think that base android supports avrcp beyond version 1.0 . a lot of the community created roms have added support for the other levels into their custom systems . however the stock version does not have it .
to my experience , headset control behaved randomly . took me a couple of weeks to figure out why suddenly in my training sessions the music player started ( wow ! that button on the headset suddenly does something . . . ) . like you , i never found any corresponding system settings . to get rid of that " random system " , i took a look around . as usual with android , almost everything is triggering ( or triggered by ) an intent , and a listener reacts on that . if there are multiple listeners , the user will be asked with which app to perform the action -- and can declare that app the standard ; which holds until a new app registers or the chosen app gets uninstalled . that said , i went to the playstore and took a look around -- and indeed , there are multiple apps around taking care of the button-presses : single press , double , triple , long-hold , klick-and-hold . . . i never imagined how much to do with a single button :d unfortunately for me , i could not yet convince the one app i tried to behave as intended -- except for single click and single hold ( i.e. . play/stop/take-call and volume-up ) -- but that may be due to the combination of headset/phone/app , and i certainly will try to figure this out by evaluating different apps . to give you a starting point : there is e.g. jays headset control , which i currently use . though highly configurable 1 , see above for my problems ( philips plugs , motorola device ) . then there is also headset droid which looks quite promising 2 , but costs about eur 2 . this seems to support multiple buttons even , from the screenshots . then there are headset button controller ( also about eur 2 ) , philips headset ( free -- the next one i should try with my philips headset ) , and a lot more -- just search the playstore for " headsetbutton " . . .
android will always use wifi once it is connected . you just have to disable mobile data . to do so go to Settings &rarr ; Mobile network settings and uncheck Data enabled .
to manually start and stop internet : go to Settings -&gt; Wireless and networks -&gt; Mobile networks and disable Mobile data . this will stop internet connection through mobile network . enable this to start internet again . to stop it permanently : some application may start internet automatically , so to prevent accidental internet consumption , create a new dummy Access Point Name in Mobile networks section and select that apn . so from next time your whenever you or any application try to connect to internet though mobile network it will try to connect though that dummy access point and internet will not start . internet will only work when you connect to wifi .
yes nova prime can organize in your drawer .
this is not a difficult thing to do . you just need to use a 3rd party launcher which is highly customizable . like nova or apex launcher . you could also give " aviate launcher " by yahoo a go which automatically makes a few " categories " as your home screens . but it is nothing like the usual launcher we use so liking it or not will be upto you .
it depends on the launcher . most stock launchers will not , but i know nova launcher ( only prime version ) has folders in the app drawer . it is all manually done , though . other launchers , which i can not name right now , can probably organize it for you .
you could physical approaches , such as setting a fan blowing across the phone or other airflow maximization ( e . g . , if you can stand it up , then both the back and front are exposed to air ) . lastly , if it does not interfere with the radios , you could try resting it on an upside-down heavy-duty aluminum jellyroll pan ( "cookie sheet" ) which will function as a heat sink . you can combine approaches of course ; a fan blowing over the jellyroll pan will be even better . that you are getting several hours before overheat tells me you are close , so you probably will not need to do much to dissipate the heat . standing the phone up may be enough . a fan almost certainly will be .
it does not support this out-of-the box , but you can swing it by using the xposed framework and the xposed gel settings module : install the xposed framework installer open the xf installer and select " framework " at the top of the menu , then press the " install/update " button on the next page reboot install xposed gel settings , either from google play or via the xf installer 's repo interface ( the " download " item on the main menu ) . launch xgels and open the app drawer ( tap the top left icon or swipe from the left edge ) . select " general " from the drawer , then switch on " rotation " on the list of settings . go into the xf installer and select " modules " from the main menu . check the box next to xgels to enable the module . reboot again
looks like they have made a number of changes and fixes for bluetooth and ble . the changelog is here . you can just do a search for bluetooth in that document . this might interest you too . ( i am not sure what they mean by " do not merge" )
according to google i/o , ble will only be supported with android l . ( source : https://plus.google.com/117159045047546859181/posts/79nqfuwxezk )
i have no experience with this specific app , however here 's my two cents on the second half of your question . the android security model is very well thought out . android runs on the linux kernel ( a modified version ) and sandboxes every app through a variety of measures , including running each under a different user account . the biggest legitimate threat you have is installing malicious apps . most likely these will be trojans that ask for reasonable permissions ( reading your sd card , communicating with the network ) and use them for nefarious purposes . if i remember correctly , the malware prevention portion of avg works by scanning apps before you install them , much like desktop virus scans work . this is a reasonable way of protecting you , malicious apps can be added to a database and you are warned if anything you download ( from either the internet or the market ) is known to be bad . the only catch is that google usually removes illegal and malicious app from the play store within a few days of it becoming available . ( i have nothing but anecdotal evidence to back that claim up though ) so if you are installing a lot of apps from sources other than the play store , or you do not trust google to quickly catch malicious apps , installing an anti-virus is probably a good bet .
truth is , scanning consumes cpu cycles , which in turn consumes battery juice . . . also , if there is nothing to worry about , what are these av apps doing ? scanning with an empty database ? that is why it should be avoided at all costs and ignore the so-called anti-virus products as that is fear-mongering into scaring you psychologically and likely , end up " paying for their product " so that you had feel ' safer ' and lulling you into a false sense of security ! ultimately it boils down to a bit of common-sense and double-check on the reviews and weigh it up carefully , users are not likely to bother reading what sort of permissions there are , the reviews , and so on , especially , from countries where buying an app is impossible due to legalities and restrictions within that country 's jurisdiction and laws ! in relation to permissions , that is why developers post explicitly on the overview page on the play store , what sort of permissions there are and explain it , around the top of the page , due to the fact end-users themselves are not bothering to click on the ' permissions ' tab page ! henceforth , for some users , who do not want to buy , they ultimately end up being the victim and also for users from these countries , which end up resorting to downloading from unknown and dodgy websites , so do not be downloading from dodgy warez websites either ! pro-tip if you happen to be in one of those countries or that you do not want to buy , email the developer of the app personally and ask them if some sort of agreement can be made , it can be done , perhaps by using paypal or similar . . . developers are not " out to get you " , in fact , they are friendly ! : ) yes to be blunt , android apps can easily , be modified by someone who has knowledge of the code , due to their nature , and quite likely , to have some malicious code ( read not virus . . but a trojan ! ) that fools the user , into thinking the app is " all-good " when in fact behind the scenes , it is sending out some logs/emails etc . . . that is often the reason why there should be a firewall in place to block unknown apps for a few days and monitor it . the sad truth , is , no-one gives a damn or care about that and end up posting " why is my phone bill so high ? " or " why is my battery getting sucked down very quickly ? " it is those clues that are the dead-giveaway of something quirky going on and should set off alarm bells in the head as in " oh , that is funny , ever since i installed x app , this started appearing " but are the end-users going to care . . and carry on in denial . . . ? that is where the so called anti-virus software vendors kick in . . . hence a vicious circle ensues . . . not to be an alarmist , remember this much : android is not equal to windows where viruses and malware are more commonly seen and prevalent !
anyone had this message when scaning settings ? : your phone settings are ok , no misconfigured settings were found . the scan confirms the integrity of the phone settings , the linux enviornment settings , linux core level settings , sytem process , network card ( nic ) , detect network problems and can identify jail broken devices and sim card replacement .
htc provided the froyo ( 2.2 ) update for my phone for my carrier which i have now installed and it is no longer a problem . furthermore , the messaging app in 2.2 is a lot better than 2.1 , so happy user all round here .
htc desire stock froyo rom . i do not see this behaviour . default message app shows the last messages by default . if i use the contact app ( tab with message conversations ) i see the more recent messages at the top . i can confirm that like kevin m on rare occasions the messaging app will show the earliest messages instead and i have to scroll to the bottom . that is a bug for sure , i have seen it only a couple of times though . . .
i found out that it was my lock button , i put on my otterbox then banged my lock button against my table fairly hard , but if you do not have a good case i do not recommend that because it would probably crack your phone . use your wrist
generally , official over-the-air ( ota ) updates from google/carriers/manufacturers will not install on rooted devices , especially if you have changed something on the /system partition . the update usually checks if the device is in a given state , and will not proceed with installation if it detects tampering . if you want to accept the ota update , you will first need to bring the phone back to its original state . this means undoing whatever modifications you performed , and un-rooting it . after updating you should be able to re-root .
some instructions say hold volume down + power 5 seconds to open the boot menu . on a chacha with software version 1.57.161.3 opens the boot menu immediately ; i just hold volume down and get the boot menu within a second . booting works differently depending on which android and rom version you have . open settings , about this phone , software and add in your question which version you have . on another chacha with software version 1.54.401.3 i get re reaction at all with holding volume down , but maybe the button is physically broken . update : so 2.3.3 , and presumably original rom installed ? htc did release updates from android 2.3.3 to 2.3.5 -- see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/htc_chacha which phones got that update was supposedly carrier-specific . i have seen mixed info on forums and official . on 12th june 2014 i tried ( manually ) to access the update servers listed in the chacha device props files ( the ones used for ota = over the air/half-automatic updates ) , and it is possible that ota no longer works for chacha . ( i have seen the facebook button start making trouble , and that slows down the phone to almost unusable levels -- and then it needs either repair or if you install a rom that ignores the facebook share button . )
if you go into the settings of the stock mms app , there is a setting to have the enter key instead of the smiley key
i have a custom ( baked ) jelly bean 4.2.2 rom on a htc one s and swype 1.4 installed . i was ready to go on a shooting spree when i thought i could not hit a return button to start a new line ! i opened a sms thread , tapped menu > settings and scrolled all the way down . there is an option at the bottom called soft keyboard type . open that and you get -- &lt ; > smiley key &lt ; > send &lt ; > enter for a new line select the bottom one and you are golden ! this setting will change it for both the stock android keyboard and swype . cheers !
ok , so after looking into this a bit more i managed to get somewhere . i pulled the mms . apk file from /system/app and decompiled it with apk multi-tool . then i started editing the file /res/layout/compose_message_activity.xml . it has an tag towards the bottom of the file . i removed textShortMessage from android:inputType on this line . this means : android:inputType="textCapSentences|textAutoCorrect|textMultiLine|textShortMessage"  becomes android:inputType="textCapSentences|textAutoCorrect|textMultiLine"  this worked for me in that the smiley key is replaced with the enter key after recompiling , signing and pushing back to my phone . my problem is that the enter key sends the message rather than inserting a new line . after more googling i came across this thread on xda . this mms . apk works exactly how i want it to - no smiley key and the enter key adds a new line . it is also black themed which i prefer for my screen . i decompiled the newly found black mms . apk file from xda to try and find what they guy did to make the enter button actually add a new line , but i can not see what is different . i would still like to know how to do this if anybody knows - this was my first time playing with a decompiled apk so i do not really know what i am doing . for now though i am quite happy with my new black themed mms . apk app .
yes and it is called xposed additions - available as a free or paid version on the play store . i use it to disable the power button wake on my galaxy s4 and replace it with the " media play/pause " function and it works flawlessly .
screendim . apk is what you want .
check this article out . using m . boomeranggmail . com you can sign in with your gmail account and schedule delivery times for your emails . as of now there is not a standalone app , only the mobile web app . but it will do what you are wanting !
when you download music from the play store , it stores it all on your account online . the best part of google music is that you can store up to 20,000 of your own songs online for free and then however many additional songs you purchase from the play store . these songs can be streamed at any time , or you can cache certain songs to listen to later when you do not have an internet connection or do not want to use all of your data . the downside to this is you never really have the music on your device . because of this , i am not sure you can use a song that you got from the play store as your alarm . you might be able to check in the file system to find where they are stored after they have been cached . or you can download the song onto your computer , and then copy it manually onto the phone and then use it as an alarm . edit : i have been looking all over my phone 's file system trying to find where the offline music is being stored , but i have had no luck . even after going to the location where every answer on this site says the offline music is stored , i still can not find the music . if you would like to check , this question appears to work for most people finding the offline music . from there you should be able to set the offline music as your alarm .
you could try downloading your music in mp3 format from google music through your pc and then put it on your phones sd-card . then you should be able to set the mp3 as an alarm sound .
also try a different usb cable . sometimes cables can be finicky .
did you encrypted your device storage ? if no then just backup your all data and give it a factory reset . it should fix the problem . had this problem with my s3 for two times . now its ' running fine .
i was not able to know what is the problem with my device . but after performing a factory data reset , it is now working . : )
neither of these answers worked for me when this happened to my friends phone . usb debugging was never turned on because she had no need for it . the screen however was completely busted after being dropped face down on the sidewalk . the only way that i could find to clear her data was to connect the galaxy note 2 to my ubuntu box and delete all the directories except for " android " and the " device_id . txt " file . i hope this helps someone else .
if you have the android sdk installed on your computer ( otherwise , see e.g. is there a minimal installation of adb ? ) , you can use the fastboot utility for that – provided usb debugging was activated on the device ( which might be the default in recovery mode ) : fastboot erase data fastboot erase cache  these two commands should erase everything from the /data ( user-apps and data ) plus /cache ( app cache ) partitions . so then you only had to take care for information stored on the sdcard ( s ) , which you could erase e.g. via ums/mtp ( concerning the internal sd ) . there might be ways to do this via fastboot as well . take care to not erase things like system or recovery , as that would render the android system unusable – which is not what you want . entering the fastboot command without parameters lists up what you can do with this utility ( syntax etc . ) . for more details , you might want to watch some introductionary video : fastboot clean erase tutorial : that describes a complete erase of the device , followed by a re-flash .
hold volume up + home + power key wait for 3 mins press volume down 3 times press power button press volume down 6 times press power key that will do a hard reset .
hold volume up + home then power key wait for 3 seconds release buttons press volume down 3 times press power button press volume down 7 times press power key that will do a hard reset . wait 60 seconds . hit power again and it will reboot the phone .
turn the phone off turn it back on and hold the up volume button let me know if it works or not . there are also other solutions . source .
one of the advantages of a physical sd card : unmounting and re-mounting it triggers the media scanner . but that is unlikely to be an option for you . 1 depending on your android version , there are different apps available on google play to help you out . the " version difference": starting with kitkat , the old mechanism of triggering the media scanner does no longer work , " normal apps " are denied the permission to call it . but there is at least one new app available where the dev found a " loop-hole " to give back the functionality . some examples for pre-kitkat scanners can be found in the link of " footnote 1 " , sd scanner is the one promising to work with kitkat . 1 see my answer here for a more detailed explanation of the background
you need to root your phone and remove or " freeze " everything related to ota and knox . once done , you can remove the all avc audit file ( s ) in the directory : /data/misc/audit/ . you may also need to put seandroid into permissive mode with : su 0 setenforce 0 , but this only lasts until next reboot .
bluetooth profile widget may help you . it allows you to set the profile for your headset to , well , in this case , headset , so that the tablet will treat it as such . note : certain headsets do not handle all audio ( music/video players ) only phone audio , which would not apply to a tablet ( obviously :p ) . there are settings in this app to force all audio , including music and such , out the headset if it does not work with the default profile .
saw this on sdx developers forum . you might want to try it out =============================================================== http://forum.sdx-developers.com/android-1-5/htc-hero-virtual-keyboard-on-moment/ this is a quick guide on how to get the htc hero vk onto your moment . ( 1 ) you will need to go onto the android market and download an app installer . ' appmanager ' should work . ( 2 ) download the htc virtual keyboard apk ( 3 ) connect phone to computer , mount the phone , then move file onto a folder on the sdcard . unmount . ( 4 ) open appmanager -> press ' menu ' key -> select ' install from sd ' . there you can install the . apk file . if the file is not visible , press menu again , and select ' whole sd ' so that you can see the file . ( 5 ) go to your home -> go to ' settings ' -> ' locale and text ' . select ' touch input ' . ( 6 ) go to someplace where you input text , such as messaging . long-press on the text input field , and select ' input method ' . select ' touch input ' . if you would like to calibrate the htc vk , download this file : calibration apk ( 1 ) follow steps 3 and 4 above . ( 2 ) to calibrate : go to ' settings ' -> ' locale and text ' -> ' touch input ' settings -> ' text input ' -> select ' calibration tool ' thanks to bjb_nyj101 for locating the htc vk ; and hokansoc for locating the calibration tool . also note : the calibration tool is not necessary for it to work , so you should be ok even if you can not get it to install . =============================================================
unfortunately i am pretty sure this is not possible . how long have you had your phone ? if it is still under warranty/insured , you should be able to get it replaced and can make sure that the new one has a good screen . sounds like a hardware problem to me .
as suggested here : go to the phone application on your phone and enter the following : *#*#2663#*#*  it will take you to the touch screen version screen . click on the " touch key fw update " button on that screen .
go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Running Services and click on ScreenCaptureService to end it . you will have to do this every time you boot up your phone , unless you get a task killer or can remove it somehow , though either of those may have other side effects .
i had the same issue with my galaxy note 2 after upgrade to 4.1.2 . no wifi worked after the upgrade reboot . after lots of trial and error i found that the only wifi working consistently was wep/psk/tkip . no protocol using aes encryption worked - merely " obtaining ip address " . this does not solve the problem , merely a temporary workaround . good luck . forgot to mention that the wep/psk/tkip must be set on your router . power cycle your phone and reenter your password when the phone attempts to connect . also i found that turning off power saving mode on the phone also is required . go to phone dialer and enter *#0011# to enter phone command mode . select menu options and click wifi option . turn off power saving mode . power saving mode = on is default so must be changed after every power cycle .
i am not 100% sure about that device , but my samsung galaxy s vibrant would wake itself up when it was on the charger , after it was fully charged . this , to me , was the dumbest thing they did .
apparently its a known issue accordingly to this modaco thread specifically posting #8 still have a standby bug , ( it has a " self wake up" ) perhaps toshiba has released a fix by now , or , try another custom rom , perhaps on xda maybe . . .
the only way i know of to prevent this when opening the browser directly is to close all tabs before exiting the browser . if you open a link from another app , you should be able to avoid this as well .
no , your phone needs to be rooted ( as confirmed by the developers ) . you may want to try camera ics + however which has as many features but remains silent .
stock samsung software always mounts the sd card after the system is up , at least on my vibrant , so i would expect there is not too much you can do about that without hacking the startup scripts ( presumably difficult ) . as for the second problem , the market description says : " it can break some apps if they are not meant to be moved to the sd card ( such as widgets ) . " try moving any widgets back to your phone storage .
i have htc desire and faced similar problem having to quick reboot . i emailed the developer for which he said : some roms like new samsung gb roms do not have install-recovery . sh and init . d scripts to mount 2nd partition at boot . therefore link2sd mounts the 2nd partition after system finishes mounting and you need to perform " quick reboot " in order to see linked apps . .
.odt stands for " opendocument text " , a format primarily used with openoffice and its derivates ( staroffice , libreoffice , neooffice ) , but also supported ( at least via filters ) by other office suits , even microsoft 's . there are several viewers available for android , but unfortunately no ( free or cheap ) editors – though the libreoffice team is working on an android version for over a year already . you will find a list of office suites for android in my german overview office-pakete und text-editoren ( after all , for the list you do not need to know the language ) . i also marked those ( partly ) supporting opendocument formats , watch out for the keywords " openoffice " , " libreoffice " , and " opendocument " . i have not tested them , but it seems there is one supporting reading and writing of opendocument formats : office 2012: textmaker mobile ( for texts ) , with separate apps for calc and presentation . each of the apps is about usd 9 , so they do not come cheap ( compared to other android apps ) . coffice only supports reading those documents , but comes for free , same applies to opendocument reader .
textmaker allows you to open and edit . odt files and does a great job of it . i paid $5 . . odt is the open document text format which is an open international standard , there are many other desktop programs that support this format that are not derived from openoffice such as calligra words , abiword , kingsoft office etc .
it seems that , like on the atrix , /mnt/sdcard is your internal storage , while /mnt/ext_card is your real sdcard . you can verify this if you check their seizes : you know the size of your sdcard , so you should be able to point that out . the internal will probably have a size which is not a multiple of 8 ( most likely , it will be 6 gb or the like ) . if you are unsure how to check this , you could e.g. use sandisk memory zone 1 or , even better , storage analyser 2 , which should make it easy to point out :
this issue solved itself over time with no changes needed .
it appears this is a bug with the s3 phone . apk . the xda thread does not have a solution , but there are some things to try . . . i just do not know if they will actually fix the issue . you could try installing a replacement dialer . if you are rooted , you could try finding an alternative phone . apk ( perhaps from the s2 ) . finally , a custom rom built on aosp ( like cyanogenmod ) may not have this issue .
suggestion : use tasker to disable screen timeout for your app . this may prevent it from going to the background .
to the first part of your question ; how can i get more information about what apps are killed when and why ? the android sdk has a quick summation on the android memory http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/fundamentals.html by default , every application runs in its own linux process . android starts the process when any of the application 's components need to be executed , then shuts down the process when it is no longer needed or when the system must recover memory for other applications . so effectively android can be summarized as killing programs when it determines you are not using it ( i clicked quit in the app ) , or when it runs out of resources . for example , if you have 512 mb of ram , and 10 free and you launch an app that needs 12 it will try to determine the least used app it can grab 12 from . it tends to do this pretty well ( at least in my experience ) . you might be able to go home from your game , and do a couple things , but on the third thing it will evict the game . keep in mind how resource intensive games in particular are , so it is likely it will kill that app sooner rather then later . now the reason it disappears after time , is that you likely have sync processes trying to start and compete for resources . the apps memory pages have been hit very infrequently at this point , so it is fair game to any memory reclamation the os feels is necessary . to your second question ; how can i set it up to allow this app to continue running ? i do not use a task killer , but i am pretty sure the good ones ( seems like atk is the leader https://market.android.com/details?id=com.rechild.advancedtaskkillerfeature=search_result ) have an exception list . it might be possible to whitelist the game you want , and blacklist the other processes . i am also not familiar with this game , so i am not sure what auto-save abilities and such this has . hope i was some help .
i am pretty sure that isnt an option in the default design of android . i have never personally seen an app for such things because most people desire the programs to shut down to keep the speed of the phone up . it is the android system that is shutting unused programs down . the creator of the app would have to design a service to keep it running in the background or possible like an always on calculation or audio so the system would think the program was doing something . that would eat up your battery .
how to get more information what apps are killed and why ? you can connect your phone to adb ; and then turn on logcat ; saving output to file . in log file you will have ton 's of info ; by searching for you app name ; you can find out when it gets killed . what can you do to prevent it from getting stopped by android system ? i do not know ; hopefully randy answer will work . however ; i would contact the developer and tell him the problem , because he/she should have the easiest time to fix it
the x10 is distributed in two varieties for different regions of the world , and they are internally referred to as the x10a and the x10i by sony ericsson . strictly speaking , x10 is just a general term for the hardware of either of the x10 phones , so there is no " difference " since an x10a is an x10 . as for the difference between the x10a and the x10i , you can find a good explanation on the wikipedia page . essentially , the x10a is sold in south america and the x10i is sold in asia and europe . both phones are sold in the us and australia , but on different carriers . for instance , in the us , at and t carries the x10a and t-mobile carries the x10i . because they are targeted at different regions/carriers , they support slightly different frequency bands . the rest of the hardware is the same .
partly answering your question : what actually happens when you swipe an app out of the recent apps list ? so basically : would be like tapping the back-button from within the app until you are out of it ( as opposed to just hitting the " home " button ) means killing the app by sending it a " friendly exit signal " imho the same as the previous item ( correct me if i am wrong , i am not entirely sure with this ) force-stop would forcefully remove all of the app 's processes on system level ( here the app would get no chance to interact , so it cannot even save its state or data . in easy terms : all system resources will be removed from it , so it can no longer continue to run ) for further information , also see : closing applications what is the right way to close apps in android ? how can i stop applications and services from running ? what does the “force stop” button mean ?
that simply is absurd . you will have to lock your screen ( device lockscreen ) to prevent anyone from accessing your phone 's system controls . you simply cannot or would not want to lock the " notifications " while using your device .
it seems like a network problem and might not have anything to do with your phone . try using data services by some other provider . also , try re-configuring the apn settings .
go into accounts and sync in settings and remove facebook htc sense and your calendar will be back to normal . stupid thing had my calendar full of birthdays from my facebook that i do not really care about . . . .
there is a downward-pointing arrow on the top right of of the calendar . hit this , and a list of all your calendars drops down . untick the ones whose events you do not want synched to your phone 's calendar .
this was reported in the android central forum here with a link to lifehacker . it sounds like it will allow you to sync your facbook calendar without the birthdays because you are exporting the events directly from facebook . first , you may want to undo the sync that you have going on now . hope it helps . quoting the post from android central : just go to your google calendar thats linked with your google account on your phone and then follow this article . add your facebook events to google calendar in facebook , go to your events page . at the top of that page click export events you will get a pop up window with a url , copy it . in google cal , on the bottom left you will see ‘other calendars ' and below that a link to add . click add one of the new options you will be presented with is add by url , select that paste the url from facebook where it asks for it . and thats it ! when your phone calendar syncs with your google calendar , all your facebook events will show up too and no birthdays .
i simply stopped syncing the sense facebook app to fix this . however , all the contacts i connected with facebook are gone as well which is the down side .
it could be a manufacturing fault in your particular tablet , but it sounds more likely to be an error in that model . perhaps the system integrator did not put applications ' data on non-volatile storage , or screwed up the shutdown sequence . if this is the case , updating the system may fix the problem . check with the manufacturer . if you edit your question to include the make model name of the tablet , you may find someone else who has one and can help .
i had a chronic performance ( response ) problem with my phone . i suspected widgets as culprits and removed 5 widgets . after this , it works fast . so i would say/conclude that widgets hurt performance .
i share my experience and knowledge as an android developer : most widgets do not consume ( or use just a bit ) processor power when they are not visible , but some would consume even if your screen is off and phone is locked . it is based on what task the widget is considered to do , and how developer has written and optimized the code . as a general rule : more widgets would slow down your launcher ( desktop ) because your phone has to render ui of the widget every time it is shown to you . as i see , your phone is a low-end one and surely , it shows some lag when you add more widgets , but keep in mind that smartphones are made to do tasks , not to just scroll fast and be lag-free . so , if you really use those widgets , keep using them ! and one more thing , if your phone is running on android ics 4.0 or newer , you would not need any task manager or task killer . android itself best manages tasks and you should not worry about background tasks , as long as you have not installed any malicious app . killing background apps never improves speed on your phone or battery life .
just disconnecting and reconnecting the phone is not enough . you have to restart windows . then the freshly created folders will appear in your filebrowser n windows too .
on android 4.1 . x with enabled native sip call stack : internet call settings > enable incoming calls if you set your did account correctly and your sip provider supports did , then you will be able to receieve calls .
install the app sipdroid and setup/use with google voice . this is the way i use sip and it works perfectly .
you can use a file manager app to access the files in your sd card . there are many good ones out there . androzip and astro file manager are some of the bests . if you want to copy files into your pc , use a usb cable and connect your phone . if you want you can use an app like wifi file transfer to transfer files using wifi .
i do not have an answer to that . i do have a workaround for it though . download this app from the play store called automateit . it is an app that allows you to make the phones to respond to certain situations . you could make a rule for the phone to follow , maybe something like : turn auto sync on when screen is turned on . hope this helps .
on Contacts tab of stock contacts app , hit Options button . then , choose more ~> Display Options . on this screen , un-check Only contacts with phone numbers . then , check all accounts whose contacts you want to delete ( like facebook , all gmail groups ) . and , un-check all accounts whose contacts you do not want to delete ( like phone , sim ) . tap Save button after you finished checking and un-checking . on Contacts tab , hit Options button again . choose Delete this time . on next screen , tap Select all and then Delete button . done ! after this , again go to display options to display your contacts which were not deleted .
i guess this article was made for you : import/export/move sms messages from windows mobile to android . it mentions several tools to export your sms from winmo to an xml file , which then can be imported on your android device without involving 3rd party tools . it also links to more useful articles on this topic . edit : as the op commented , he was successfully using the piemaster .netguide mentioned on the page i originally linked . as suggested , i add it here in case the originally linked page is unreachable some day .
i was having the same problem . i downloaded the stock verizon messaging app and then handcent worked fine both ways , i hope this helps .
below is a summary of what i done : check signal - done reset network settings - done check carrier - done ( am able to send text via old iphone 4 ) verify that every phone number in your contacts list includes an area code . ( done ) when sending to existing contacts , ensure that your contacts include the full phone number , and not just the information needed to dial locally . ( done ) if you have recently ported your number from another carrier , please contact your current carrier to verify that the porting process has completed successfully . ( done : this is an old carrier , it is not an issue as i am able to use the same sim card to send text via my old iphone 4 ) perform a full restore back to factory original setting ( done )
i found that this only affects at and t customers . also , i have tried putting my sim card into another iphone and turning off imessage . no luck .
group texts may not be as simple as you think . . . what may android users do not realize is , many of the " interface " features are not part of the stock os but is part of the skin that the handset manufacturer or the wireless provider put on it . i have been told that the newer versions of android ( jellybean for instance ) has more functionality so these " skins " are not as heavy duty . also many manufacturers take insult to the term " skin " because of the amount of development and changes they make to the functionality of the android os . this is not a good or bad thing , this is just the nature of android . that being said , let 's talk about imessage vs sms . imessage is a service that apple created to allow iphones , other apple devices and macs to talk to each other . when an iphone user is sending an imessage , their " send " button is in blue . if an iphone user is sending to a non-apple supported device , it automatically uses sms and the " send " button turns green . when sending a group message , if any one recipient in the list is a non-apple device , the whole message is sent using sms ( green button ) . i have found that some android phones receive these messages find and some do not ( again because of the effort made by the manufacturer ) . but before you blame apple or at and t , i have seen them have the same issue regardless of carrier or device . i have friends with iphones on multiple carriers and i have friends with android phones and blackberries and other types of devices . it is only certain manufacturers of some android phones that seem to not support this group messaging . the reason why i am on this site , is because i was hoping to find a solution for one of my friends who can not participate in the group texting . . . it sounds like there may be a few 3rd party apps that she can try out . since my other android friends do not have this issue , we know it is just a limitation of her handset .
you can send in handcent but can not receive . because of this , i am switching back . no 3rd-party works to receive group imessages .
i just switched from a sprint gs3 to a verizon razr hd and i can group message with iphones fine now .
this is the most fascinating issue that i have seen in a long while . and it is clear that samsung is turning a blind eye ( i have read that there are some whose phones work fine with the stock ics messaging app ) . this problem is posted all over every forum that i have searched . and the only answer is gosms , or handcent , or blah , blah , blah . i count myself among the many that would like the group messaging to work in both directions . one would think that one of the most basic functions of a smart phone would not have such an elementary problem . after searching high and low , i am of the belief that the stock messaging app can not do bidirectional group texts and that a third party app is the only possible solution . like many other iphone converts , it is a shame that i have to admit that my awesome s3 has such a fundamental shortcoming .
if you switched from iphone either go to app-store or take sim-card out and put into any iphone and turn your imessage off by going to message settings then turn off imessages and finally put the sim card back in your phone . hope this helps .
it turns out that mtp was the problem . i had to connect as a camera device ( ptp ) .
this is a firmware issue , and needs to be addressed by the manufacturer . if you have done a factory reset , then you should contact the manufacturer and tell them that after the latest upgrade , the contact and phone app no longer work . they should release a new upgrade to fix this issue .
as others have mentioned in the comments , 512 mb ram with 30-40 mb free might be insufficient for running newer , resource-hungry games . your version of android ( 4.1 , according to huawei g520-5000 's specifications ) already handles memory quite efficiently by terminating background apps when more ram is required for games and such . your best bet would be contacting the game developers over e-mail and asking for help . many will provide some support , just be prepared to know how to extract and send over the phone 's logs . some , such as vector unit ( developer of riptide gp2 ) even go as far as issue a refund if they can not help you with the problem : quote from riptide gp2 's play store description : • • customer support • • if you encounter a problem running the game , please email the device you are using , android os version , and a detailed description of your problem to support@vectorunit.com. we guarantee if we can not fix your problem we will give you a refund . but we can not help you if you just leave your problem in a review . for fastest support on most common issues please visit : www.vectorunit.com/support
for anyone else having this same problem and have a samsung phone , try http://www.samsung.com/us/smart-switch/ it may not have been available when you initially posted the original question , but i just upgraded from an iphone 5 with ios 6 to a samsung galaxy s4 . i wanted to copy over my sms messages and found that most only worked with ios 5 and below . this worked perfectly ( kies for some reason did not provide an option to transfer my messages ) . it also copied over my mms messages .
i got an answer from samsung - was instructed to ' update drivers ' or some such from the window or tools menu . so , this worked for me - got the text components of my sms history , then uninstalled kies due to a conflict with android file transfer on osx 10.8 .
you can try few links i am giving you here and if you are really worried much about all your data , then go to data recovery specialist and get data recovered . http://computersaremylife.wordpress.com/2013/09/15/broken-android-touch-screen-cant-unlock-solution/ http://android-commander.en.lo4d.com/ http://www.fosshub.com/myphoneexplorer.html https://code.google.com/p/androidscreencast/ most of these required ' adb and usb connection ' enabled .
i found a few things that helped . i was able to get it to work by flashing stock with oden , reflashing my rom , then downloading the game . i was able to reproduce the issue when i backed up ff vi via titanium backup then recovered it . this seemed to cause this issue until the system was cleared . i will do some more testing to see what in the system needed to be cleared before it would work .
not all equipment which uses sd cards can use sdhc cards . it may be that your device does not support the sdhc card you are using .
i have solved the issue . the issue is that the memory card was locked by old nokia phone . so i unlocked it and now it is working perfectly . thanks for all your support .
yes . just download the nexus ' camera app onto your samsung device and install it . you will end up with 2 camera and gallery apps . they all have different icons , though , so you can visually see which one you want to open . see the following link for a download link and instructions . use the google camera app to create photospheres . note that to view the photospheres , you must also use the google gallery app ( which is also installed ) . http://www.intellectdigest.in/how-to-install-photosphere-on-samsung-galaxy-s4-without-rooting-on-touchwiz-ui-3529/?modpagespeed=noscript direct download : http://d-h.st/tk6 camera icons gallery icons in adw , i created a folder called camera and changed the icon names for the two camera apps to help distinguish between the two . i do not know if touchwiz can created folders or change the icon labels , though ; i installed adw ex as soon as i got the phone .
it seems there is a galaxy note 3 with dual sim support .
geff already showed one easy explanation : dual-sim devices . but never mind how many sims : i have a single sim phone which has two numbers assigned . well , even 3 now . i have got the usual mobile number , plus my provider assigned me a landline number , to which i forward calls from another landline number . number 3 clearly shows how it is possible for everybody . though technically i have to admit , i assume that even #2 is nothing but a call-forward on the provider 's end . so it all comes up to your definition of " number assignment " .
an " lte band " , or any other type of " band " that you read about with relation to a phone , is referring to the radio frequencies that the phone picks up . each cellular provider builds their network on a specific set of radio frequencies which are divided up into chunks that are assigned band numbers . so , using your t-mobile example , band 4 is specifically comprised of two frequency ranges : upload bandwidth uses radio frequencies between 1710 and 1755 mhz download bandwidth uses frequencies between 2110 and 2155 mhz a phone 's spec sheet effectively lists the frequencies that its antennas ( and cellular radio ) are designed to support . you cannot change the antenna 's supported bands because this is not something that is set in software - the supported bands listed in a spec sheet are , generally , a statement about the phone 's hardware support for different networks* . therefore , your phone must support the carrier 's lte network bands in order for you to have lte coverage . otherwise the lte radio will be unusable . cellular antennas these days are pretty much always multi-band pieces of hardware ( that is , one antenna picks up several bands ) . the difference between powering a 5 band radio and a 2 band one is probably measurable with very precise instrumentation , but it is certainly not going to be an amount that would be perceptible when actually using the device . further , having support for additional bands is generally considered a net benefit because you have the ability to use the phone on multiple carriers ( assuming a sim unlocked device ) . per your specific example of the xt1053 vs the xt1055: you could use the either on t-mobile usa 's lte network , because both support band 4 lte , which is what t-mobile is using . however , the xt1055 will not work on t-mobile 's current hspa+ network because it lacks support for the umts 1700 band . in places where lte is too weak or not available , you would drop all the way back to edge ( 2g ) speeds , whereas the xt1053 would be able pick up hspa+42 speeds ( if available ) . *there are some exceptions to this rule , where a device may actually use a radio chipset/antenna combination that provides hardware support for a band that is effectively " locked out " by the software layer . one example of this is the nexus 4 , which does not list lte support in its specs but does , in fact , have an lte band 4 chip installed that can be enabled on older baseband versions . however , you could not force the n4 to work on , say , lte band 17 .
lte bands are the bands of radio spectrum that the cellular networks run on . there are 44 defined bands and different carriers in different areas use different bands to provide service . wikipedia has a fairly extensive list of who uses what bands . yes , t-mobile operates on band 4 ( aka aws ) , so any other band capability on the device would go unused . if you do not have the same band available on the phone as on the network , you will not be able to use the network period . it would be like trying to pick up an am radio station on an fm-only radio . yes . band availability is determined by the hardware radio set the phone was built with .
launch the google talk app open the overflow menu ( three vertical dots ) and choose Settings . tap the account you are using . check the Mobile indicator option . note : if you are signed in to your google account on a pc ( like if you left your browser open and logged in to gmail ) the mobile indicator may not be displayed . ( for reference : android version 4.1.1 , google talk v . 4.1.1 - 424425 )
you need to combine all you vcard files into one . exact process depends on operating system of your computer . you can find some examples in http://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/gmail/y2670pyopew
you normally have to be rooted to change how the filesystem is mounted .
you have to have root access to mount the drive as that article is describing ( calling su == becoming root ) . what are you trying to accomplish ? can you push the file to the sdcard instead ( if your device has one ) ?
you can attempt writing to /data/local/tmp/ as it is writable even by normal users .
by default android will not connect to an access point unless it is in your list of " remembered " networks . a network is remembered automatically the first time you connect to it . the solution is to open settings -> wi-fi then select each wi-fi access point and click " forget " . this will remove it from the list of " remebered " networks . from this point forward , android will notify you that networks are available , but will not connect without solicitation . if you are asking for security reasons , there is no security mechanism for white listing wi-fi networks . android has no parental controls , if that is what you are after .
normally you should have to install the driver of the tablet to have adb working with it . on the opposite , mass storage usually work out-of-the-box because any pc recognize this standard . after some search on google i found some info that may work with your tablet here : http://www.slatedroid.com/topic/70585-adb-drivers/page_ p _805857
make sure that the sd card is mounted . if it was somehow unmounted this could happen . this option will be in settings > storage scroll down to sd card . make sure that it indicates that the sd card is mounted or at least does not say " insert sd card " . if it is mounted , unmount it , take it out , put it back in , and see if anything changes . if it is not recognized , then just take it out and put it back in . check back in with the details on how that goes .
lg promises but fails to deliver , samsung comes up with the updates pretty quick . tries to cover all phones that might show an improvement with new version .
buy a nexus s device directly from google . they will be the fastest at updating to the latest firmware . and they will always ship with stock android . everyone else is way behind . most are behind because they add customizations to android and have to make their changes , then they have to go through the google approval process . not to mention then having to go through the carriers testing process for deployment .
our vnc server , vmlite vnc server , does not need uinput . ko at all , and works on all android devices , rooted or not . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.vmlite.vncserverhl=en
it is hard enough to keep it charged with the gps and streaming - i know i do it frequently . i would not recommend trying to share data at the same time . it was not until the latest update that i could even get streaming and wifi hotspot to work without stuttering . i would strongly suggest that you use another cell phone do the wifi hotspot while your phone does the streaming and gps or get a dedicated gps and use the phone for hotspot and streaming . it is a classic example of gps , bt and wifi hotspot , pick any two . but , in the interest of science , i think you should try it ; ) just have a backup plan . edit : be sure to get a high amperage car charger - one for an ipad should work nicely since those require 2.1 amps . that should push a lot of juice to the phone and maybe keep it from dying under all that load .
a computer 's usb port does not supply enough current to charge your tablet . the tablet takes roughly 1a or 1,000ma to charge , a desktop 's usb port only puts out about 500ma . some laptops just can not provide the specified 500ma and will not charge it at all . ymmv you can charge it though , only very slowly , and the tablet has to be completely turned off .
all that the locked status indicates is that the bootloader itself is actually locked . . . it sounds like your partitions may have gotten botched up . was the phone acting up prior to this , or were you attempting to root/install a custom rom ?
i use go launcher pro . there in the running tab it shows clock . may be he stock launcher application hides running system processes from showing .
you may try checking the settings -> applications -> development -> stay awake checkbox . note a caveat mentioned in the android manual : " don’t use this setting with a static image on the phone for long periods of time , or the screen may be marked with that image . "
settings -> wireless and network -> wi-fi settings . press the [ menu/options ] button , and select advanced now choose in the wi-fi sleep policy : never keep in mind that your battery is going to drain faster ( because the wifi will never be turned off unless you manually do it ) , and is easy to forget that you changed the sleep policy .
this is definitely an ugly mixup , as shown in the update on verge . just a russian app with the same system id as samsung 's app . . . so no need for hysteria , not everything in russian spells a nuclear threat ; ) .
ive read a few things online this morning about the mtc app being malware or a virus , it does not show in your apps list however it was said that if it is a virus it might be piggy backing off something else installed on the phone , i had it come up on my phone but not sure how to remove it yet
i did some searching due to the other answer and found someone on xda claiming that this is a market/play bug , and you are seeing it because the market thinks one of your apps is actually that ojsc mobile app . even better , i found this just-published story on the verge : samsung has several pieces of software that it installs on it devices but that are not in the google play store ( for obvious reasons ) . however , every single android app has an app name that identifies it on the android system , in this case the " unique " name is com . seven . z7 , which identifies samsung 's email app . what appears to have happened is that russian developer ojsc mobile telesystems gave that unique identifier to its "мтс мобильная почта" app , and so these samsung devices were tricked into thinking it was an update to samsung 's email client . since google play allows for automatic updating of all apps , it was installed on many devices . i could not find the app in the play store anymore , so perhaps google has taken it down to resolve this . below is the original version of this post , which would still be applicable in more normal circumstances . if it is a system app for supporting cyrillic text , which is what it sounds like , it could hardly be called malware . crapware , perhaps , if you do not need it . if you do not need it , then no need to update ( unless you want to be rid of the notification , though in that case i recommend rooting and removing the app ) . no reason not to update either i would say &mdash ; you already have it on your device , so unless it is doing something nasty in the new version in particular then you have already been exposed to any dangers it may contain :p . of course , updating will require more space on your device unless you are rooted and can entirely replace the original version with the update ( normally the system keeps all original versions of system apps ) .
from what i have read on xda-developers , it seems to be a russian telefoon company who pushed a update wrongfully to all ( or a big group of ) samsung s2 users . since the update isnt made for phones made cyrillic text , it could cause your phone to crash . so dont install it unless your absolutely sure you need it .
i found a fix . . . this is a piggy-back app attached via a file . go to your phone files , view your files as " list and details . " you should now see the date/times each file was created . delete all files two days before and after when you first noticed the mtc app requesting update . reboot phone and it will be gone from your market . i did this four days ago and so far no mtc app . i never choose auto update for any app due to this reason . hope this helps and good luck .
as far as i know of , there is a " make available offline " option which allows one to select and download the most recent version of a portion of the map . of course , you will need an internet connection to download it first . how to : menu> make available offline ; from there you should be able to select a region to download .
if its not too much data you are looking for , you can try to clear the cache before you want to save something for offline use . but the cache size is not too big , so do not expect too much .
i have the same experience with wifi , i find leaving it on is much more convenient ( your phone will prioritize wifi over 3/4g , resulting in faster speeds and lower bills ) , and power consumption is negligible . the only time when turning off wifi conserve me some serious battery is back from my days with a sony p990i , which runs uiq3 . ah , old times . . .
the best known option for the htc desire is to use unrevoked - http://unrevoked.com/recovery unrevoked has the added benefit of flashing in a version of clockwork recovery . that way you can just boot into recovery , do data wipes , and flash cyanogenmod . note that there is a chance that gingerbread could prevent unrevoked from performing its usual processes . in addition , your previous rooting adventures could have placed an alternate recovery into the phone as well . i believe you can press power+vol-up when starting the phone to invoke recovery mode . if clockwork is present , you may proceed to flash away .
i was able to root my phone using revolutionary . io after all , following the steps described here . however , instead of running ./revolutionary as described on the page , i had to use sudo ./revolutionary to make things work .
yes .
no , gtalk messages are not received on android gtalk client while away ( sleeping ) . so i assume there is no pushing , as it is done in the blackberry gtalk client .
i cannot find any specific accessories on the official samsung product page . however a tv-out cable exists which presumable ( if the projector has all the necessary inputs ) can also be used to show the picture from the tab on the projector : product name : samsung ecc1tp0bbegsta galaxy tab tv out cable unfortunately the cable does not offer hdmi - output : only rca video . an hdmi adapter for the galaxy tab series exists but it is not compatible with your specific model ( galaxy tab 2 7.0 ) see the following product page
the galaxy tab 2 7.0 p3100 has no capability to connect to an external display . the necessary hardware was not included in that model . source : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=37032295postcount=110
you need to use a special adapter for that . you need this : samsung p4 p5 hdtv adapter for samsung galaxy tab 10.1 , galaxy tab 8.9 , galaxy tab 7.7 and galaxy tab 7.0 plus sanoxy® black hdmi input to vga adapter converter for pc / laptop 6ft svga vga monitor mm male to male extension cable 80 if the projector has an hdmi slot then you do not need the hdmi to vga and the vga to vga , you just need to use the samsung epl-3phpbegxar galaxy tab hdtv adapter and then an hdmi cable .
if your phone is rooted you can try volume+ .
yes , you can try an app like volume master free . there are quite a few that do this :- )
if you root your droid and install cyanogenmod there is something called dsp manager included which seems to do what you want .
dsp manager is by far the best option out there . or there is volume+ https://market.android.com/details?id=com.test.android.lvhhl=en
as of now , there is no counterpart on mac for htc sync . you can however try missingsync for mac - which allows for syncing of contacts , calendars , notes , tasks etc . on mac
for data not including contacts , email , etc since they are already synced for you thru gmail . . . you could try dropbox or some other cloud service . dropbox would appear as a folder on your computer ( mac or windows ) , and dropbox would run as an app on your phone . so , whatever files/data you have in the folder on your computer would be accessible from your phone , and vice versa .
it is not recommended to even attempt to do syncing windows . android have a very different design than , say , an iphone ; android is designed to sync over the air with cloud services like google contact , gmail , google calendar , etc . in android , you should not need to tie your device with a computer . what you need is a wifi or 3g connection , and you do not need to worry about syncing .
if you want to sync media files , i suggest you to connect your device in storage mode or use dropbox . if you mean that you want to sync contacts , appointments and this kind of stuff , just migrate all that information to google contacts , calendar and others using ical and contacts on your mac . if you really want something like htc sync you have two options : install htc sync on a windows using bootcamp pay for missingsync for mac
i know this question has been asked a while ago , but on the cyanogenmod 7 version of adw , you have to go in ui settings , then set the dock size to 3 or less and enable " desktop dots " . i think there is similar option on the original version . . .
i found one that does just this last week . check out http://www.youmail.com . it is an app you download , but can manage it from their website . you can record different greetings for different people ; family , business and the main reason i got it . . . . the number has been disconnected for people i really do not want to talk to ! i also have a msg just for blocked called ids , telling them i dont accept them and to unblock their number . and . . . it is free : )
google voice allows you to do this . you can make up to four different answering-recordings and specify who gets directed to which one , and that the called automatically gets directed to voicemail , without ringing your phone . you have to configure the settings at http://voice.google.com , but after that , the app will even give you a neat widget that transcribes your voicemails !
i have never heard of this - this is somewhat unheard of , block hidden numbers and load up a sound file and play it which defeats the purpose of a number being blocked , in pseudo-code , for the most part of call-blocking apps , it would be something like this : if incoming_number is on block_list send reject_call else allow  now , if what you are saying is this - to play a sound file , it would mean that the incoming blocked number would have the handset open in which android would notify there is an incoming call , and re-route the playing of the sound file to the speaker , technically that is quite a difficult thing to do ! but , there is an app to do something like what you are looking for - ' private stop ' - no one likes getting " private " or " hidden " number calls , you can use private stop to block nuisance callers , marketeers , stalkers , anyone that hides their number . private stop blocks the call and pushes the caller to your voice mail so you can decide if you want to communicate with the " hidden " caller or not
there are two fixes main to this problem that i know of . 1 ) the first is restarting the device . 2 ) the second is factory reset . ( if you choose this you may want to make sure you backup anything important . ) other fix : clear your device cache . ( sometimes this works , doing it differs from device to device . )
clear app cache/data the first thing you should try is clearing the cache for your camera app . in the phone settings , go to the applications manager and locate your camera app ( the same screen you would use to uninstall the app ) . if your camera app is built-in , you may have to navigate to a tab that shows all apps installed , not just ones installed by the user . there should be a button called clear cache . click this and then try opening the camera app . if it still crashes , go back to the same screen and click clear data . this will not delete your photos ; it will reset the camera app settings and return it to the initial state when it was first installed . use a different camera app try installing another camera app from the play market . there are plenty of free ones available . if those work , perhaps your camera app is simply buggy or does not work with your device . if other apps still can not access the camera , you may have a deeper problem . factory reset as a last resort , you can reset your device to factory settings . make sure you back up any important data to your computer or to an external sd card . re-flash rom if a factory reset does not do it , you will have to delve into deeper waters . look around on xda forums or other places on how to flash a rom to your device . replace hardware there is always the slight chance that your hardware is physically damaged . in that case , you will just need to replace it or live without a camera .
go into the device settings , then from my device , choose accessibility . from that menu , press talkback , then click the switch in the top-right corner to turn talkback off . after tapping something once to get the yellow box ( and the spoken description of what the thing is ) , double-tap anywhere on the screen to click the highlighted thing .
when that happens , try to see the running apps and services in the background . you will most probably things like messaging apps and other running apps , the app that has downloaded that apk file is most probably still running as a service . it might in fact be the browser ( see if that is running ) . if not , my understanding is that any app can trigger a download in the " downloads " app , so it might not be related . you can get a task killer/manager to inspect and kill apps which you suspect are the source of this , but the one that is in the settings> applications> running ( or similar ) should be enough . tl ; dr trial and error . kill the apps you suspect and see if it continues .
i am still do not know how to answer my question for android os 2 . x , but for android os 4 . x there is a nice feature - you can long press any notification in status bar and choose app info popup menu , which will opens " app info " screen of application , what was created this notification . very nice feature , but i did not find analogue on os 2 . x
probably the quickest fix is going to be when it downloads an . apk , go to the notification , long press it , and when " app info " pops up , click it . it will open in the application manager the app that downloaded it . ( it may not be available on your phone , but it works on my s3 . ) your application manager is another wealth of information . there are way too many specifics to get into much detail about , but for example an app that is supposed to be offline , look at it is data usage . if it has used several mb of data , there is your culprit . you could also narrow down the suspects by looking at the permissions . if it does not require network access , it can not download anything . ( although if this does not work , i am not sure how trustworthy the permissions tags really are if we are dealing with a trojan ) .
i rooted my phone and loaded busybox with terminal and just on a whim , iftop was there . either iftop or tcpdump will tell you everything . tcpdump -i -w mydumpfile . pcap let it run and when you think it happened , stop tcpdump and bring the . pcap into wireshark . it will tell all .
how to get out of car mode . got this from http://www.droidforums.net/forum/droid-general-discussions/203433-how-get-out-car-mode.html after trying all of the above and nothing had worked . this worked for me . i see that there are only a few posts about this online but no solutions without using apps . i called verizon and told them the issues . they actually had to go back to way earlier models to solve this issue . to get out of car dock mode do the following : plug in your phone to your charger . turn off your phone . turn on your phone . place a call . while in call , remove your charging cable from your phone ( wiggling it a little did the trick for me ) . end the call . the steering wheel icon should be gone and your phone should be back to normal .
i know this is old , but i was having this problem with my lg g2 and finally figured out how to get rid of it . hoping this saves someone else the frustration ! go into settings and under the system heading there is an option for accessory . when you open that , uncheck the " car home " option that says " automatically start car home when the phone is mounted on car cradle " .
the most common reason for the car mode to launch is dirt in your charger-connector . the micro-usb gathers all kinds of dirt from your pockets and eventually starts connecting the pins sporadically . apply some compressed air and you will be fine . let the charger have some as well .
i was able to fix my droid dna by going into developer options and checking " usb debugging "
it is included with cyanogenmod and is based on similar modes in other roms . it is meant to provide you with what you need , but not so much as to distract you while driving . i do not know what is launching it , or how it is doing so automatically , but there may be ways to stop it : stop it in it is tracks if you would like to remove it completely and not use it at all , install titanium backup , choose the Backup and Restore tab , find and select Car Home ( i have version 2.2.1.2 ) and select either Freeze or Uninstall .   note : Freeze will stop the app from running at all , but keep it on your phone . Uninstall will completely remove it . double note : if you choose Uninstall , you may want to make a Backup there with the app first , just in case removing it causes unwanted side-effects . other , less intense options in car mode , click the Right Arrow and choose Settings . from here , make sure that it is not automatically launching when connected to some bluetooth device , and try Reset to defaults , just to make sure nothing else is helping it along . from the home screen , go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage Applications , choose the All tab , and find Car Home . here , click the Clear data button .
yeah . i jus figured all you had to do was use two of your fingers and swipe them down twice . ( -_- ) . that car mode got me worried ! ! ! i though i was never gonna get out of it ! ! !
you can disable car mode in your phone model by going to Settings &gt; Dock &gt; and uncheck auto-launch , according to http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20110814065550aaw9rzc apparently this is a common problem in evo 4g , see : http://forums.miui.us/showthread.php?21516-car-mode-won-t-turn-off http://androidforums.com/evo-4g-all-things-root/343337-car-mode-constantly-randomly-turns.html
i discovered that if you disable the kies air program then the care mode will stop working on the galaxy s2 . click on settings , then find applications , under running process there is a program called " kies air " ( orange and white in color . ) click on the un install updates and then i clicked on disable button . i have a samsung galaxy 2 and the " car mode " has stopped popping up every 2 seconds on my phone
it was a hardware issue for me - need to gently bend the charging port so it does not touch the upper bracket . more info here : http://forums.androidcentral.com/verizon-droid-charge/135723-fixed-droid-charge-stuck-desk-car-cradle-mode.html it is happened to me several times : randomly switches to car mode , desktop mode , shuts off speaker , answers calls only in speakerphone , music will not play through speaker , etc . .
i found another car home issue related to the usb port . on a non-evo someone dicovered that their usb port was bent and they violently disabled it . since iplugged and unplugged my evo 3.1415 million times since i got it , i have played around ( gently ) with the usb port . this has reduced the annoying car home app starts from all the time to 4-5 times daily .
see if delayed lock works for you . it is a 7-day trial app , with in-app purchase for license . additionally , there is also an optional notification in the android status bar and a widget to immediately reenable the lock screen , and free plugins to automatically keep the device unlocked while connected to a specific wifi network / bluetooth device or at certain locations . others have used a combination of tasker and secure settings with this configuration : profile : state > bluetooth connected Task &gt; Plugin &gt; Secure Settings &gt; Password/Pin &gt; Disabled exit task : Task &gt; Plugin &gt; Secure Settings &gt; Password/Pin &gt; Enabled (Set to my old PIN number)
xda forums may be the best place to ask for this sort of help .
i do not have rep to comment , is wifly a serial interface ? second , this is a good place to ask that , i understood they were inviting developers here . extra , after comment reply as far as i have found there is no ability for serial from the android phones . i have found sources where people mod the os to support usb on the go . then you can be a usb host , which would suffice for me as usb to serial adapters are relatively easy to come by . i am new to android and spend most my time on the electronics and robotics so site , but i was interested in this feature . and more ! from prolink007 google is looking into adding this feature in a firmware release . for the time being we are just looking into rooting the phone and adding the feature that way . our goal is to not have to root a phone for this feature to be enabled . if we can figure a way around this i will post here as soon as possible . i will keep this updated as we progress .
one option ( probably the easiest ) would be to install cyanogenmod on your phone . i do not recall offhand if the latest stable release ( 7.0.3 ) is based on 2.3.4 or 2.3.3 , but you could certainly use a nightly build instead which would be 2.3.4 . the forums for the droid can be found here , and they have a section for stable builds and a section for nightly builds that you can take a look at . for detailed instructions on how to prepare and install cyanogenmod , the best resource is their wiki page .
it is absolutely possible , as long as you can access the bootloader ( ie . unlocked bootloader ) .
as soon as someone unlock the bootloader ( i do not know if they already done ) someone will come up with a stock default theme rom . you can stay tuned at xda-developers for news about this .
flash the nf2 modem , i had the exact same use with no imei / baseband http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2649176 cp_n9005xxufnf2 . tar . md5 is the file you want
adb kill-server you need to run that from wherever you installed the android tools .
go to your power settings and check for the brightness level . someone must have changed the default settings
@sam007: unfortunately i lost my browser cookie so i can not accept an answer but that was it . in the power saving settings the display brightness was set to 50% . i keep my phone on a lower level because i do not like a bright screen . when the power saver turned on , it actually made the display brighter than the normal level . i changed the setting to 25% . thanks a lot !
i am assuming that u have already installed the drivers of the phone on ur pc . to enable the usb debugging mode in in xolo q1000 opus , follow the steps below :- first go to the settings tab and select the " about phone " option in category system . now tap the last option " build number " seven times , for the developer options to show the usb debugging . now turn on the developer options and the usb debugging . download an application for ur pc named as moborobo from this link : &lt ; http://www.moborobo.com/ > connect ur phone to the computer and open up moborobo application on the computer . the application will automatically detect ur phone , if the drivers are properly installed . and until the application is running , the adt will also show ur phone as online device . so u can easily test ur app on the xolo q1000 opus model . well , this is not the proper way to connect the phone , but it is surely an alternative . for any help , reply below . . . ! ! and do not forget to vote up the answer if ur issue is resolved .
here is a program that will supposedly do it . http://androidforums.com/optimus-gt540-all-things-root/436600-easily-resize-system-data-partitions.html i do not know about system partitions on android phones but normally partitions can be resized but it means that you lose everything that partition contains . if the partition contains the os it would mean that after resizing the partition your phone would not turn on . if you are not willing to take the risk i suggest finding a source that says that will not happen . else i suggest looking at the rom apps in the play store ( there are many good ones and they can probably do what you want ) . also how much internal space you have on your phone ? is the system partition the only internal partition ? you can also partition your sd card which makes it work more efficiently . so your phone works faster but you have to do it with a new sd card because you lose everything when you partition it if there is not enough internal storage on your phone that possibly might be something to look into as a solution but i do not think placing a whole os on sd is possible because it would be just too slow , so unless the os has some files it can read from the sd card and you can place them there manually specifying the path , you are out of luck . that is why i ask how much internal space your device has .
this will not change the partition size of /system , but uses another approach : limit the data placed on that partition . so here 's what i did before flashing cm7.2 on my milestone²: download the file to flash . this is usually a .zip file ( otherwise , the following will not work ) open the .zip with your favorite archive manager ( alternatively : unpack to an empty folder ) look inside the /system/app folder of the .zip and remove apps you can live without ( make sure not to remove any app that is really needed by the system , like e.g. the launcher ) . this could e.g. be the calculator , livewallpapers , googleplus etc . copy those .apk files to a separate folder outside the .zip if unpacked to an empty folder , now zip it up again as you removed a lot/couple of apps from /system , flashing will require less space there , and no essential parts should be missing any longer . now if you still want to use e.g. googleplus , you can install it via the playstore ( which should place it below /data , so no prob ) or , if not found there , use the copy created in step 3 to install it manually ( for this , make sure install from other sources is enabled in your settings ) . if in doubt whether a file is really needed by the system itself , better leave it ( or at least ask first ) . but i am pretty sure you will find enough " easy removables " , so you will not need to touch those . before flashing , you could unpack the .zip to an empty folder and check the size of /system ( best : make a " before " and an " after " check ) . it should occupy less than 190mb ( better give it some additional safety margin , say " less than 180mb" ) for your action to complete successfully .
who or how it was fixed as 190mb ? the manufacturers decided that . they probably expected that that size would be sufficient during the expected time they will continue official support for the phone . can the size of partition be increased ? if you are rooted and installed custom boot loader , yes partitions can be resized , although not in a way that will satisfy everyone since it takes space away from internal memory and many people also have exhausted their internal space ; it involves a lot of work to test and debug and since p500 has very little internal memory as well , at some point developers had to decide that it is just not worth the effort . i tried a tool but did not help . after all the process completed without any errors , i still see no change in the size . are there any other ways to do it ? what did you try ? hephappy , a rom developer had commented in xda page as " no space : p500 has 190mb for system partition . " and hence he withdraws the plan of developing jb rom for p500 . is it then a hardware limitation ? pretty much . all newer phones comes with much larger internal memory , you should consider an upgrade if you really wanted jb .
try out cardio trainer . it is able to record many types of workouts including walking , running , weight lifting , swimming ( do you rely on your water-proof case ? ) , yoga . you can also prepare your own custom routine ( never tried that , but in your case , it might come handy ) .
you have two options i know of to ' de-orange ' the san francisco . you can use something like titanium backup ( requires root ) to remove the orange apps , or install a custom rom . on my san francisco i rooted the phone ( see first part of this video , full details and file downloads here , or alternatively you could use super one click ) and then used titanium backup to uninstall the orange apps ( list in this thread ) . if in doubt , tb lets you ' freeze ' apps so you can make sure everything still works before uninstalling fully . alternatively , you can install a custom rom ( see full video ) which i have not done yet ( waiting to see if froyo rom becomes available ) .
there is a full on guide to installing android 2.2 here orangesanfrancisco . co . uk
gmote will let you control your computer over wifi via your android phone . it basically treats it like a keyboard/mouse .
well , i seriously do not know if that works with android 2.3.4 or not but the method i am going to stat works with jelly bean 4.2.2 . instead of removing the application over the home screen try directly deleting the whole home screen . instead of dragging the icon try deleting the whole home screen . see if that works out for your or not ? ?
your situation is due to the auto add widget due to which when ever you install an app it wall automatically add an widget on your home screen thereby increasing the home screen count also . i will first solve your home screen problem and below i will also give a screen shot where the problem can be solved for the future also . the below steps is easy to follow and requires some patience to clean the clutter . there are two ways to clean a home screen in any android device . option 1 will help you clean your home screen through the apps available in the play store . option 1 download any launcher which suites your requirement like go launcher from the play store and clean the home screen as per your requirements from the settings . if you do not want any hassle of any more apps then go for option 2 option 2 step1 -do a normal zoom out in home screen ( or ) from home screen page , press the option button , then click edit and it will display all the home screens and their content . step2 -either click on remove and remove all the home screens except for 1 or you will be getting a small minus ( - ) symbol right side corner of the home screen . click on the minus and remove it . step3 -if you have followed the above 2 steps correctly then you will be getting a single home screen from which you can easily delete the widgets ( it solved your problem of deleting around 84 widgets and brings the count to only 12 with just a single home screen ) . step4 -under the play store settings uncheck the auto add widget in order to ensure you do not face the problem in the future .
yahoos settings for android : Yahoo Incoming Mail Server (IMAP): android.imap.mail.yahoo.com, SSL (port 993) Yahoo Outgoing Mail Server (SMTP): android.smtp.mail.yahoo.com, SSL (port 365) use auth
what are the bt yahoo ! mail settings for outgoing and incoming mail servers ? incoming mail ( pop3 ) server : mail . btinternet . com with port 110 outgoing mail ( smtp ) server : mail . btinternet . com with port 25 account name/login name : your email address ( including the "@btinternet.com" or "@btopenworld.com" part ) password : your bt yahoo ! password step-by-step online step-by-step instructions to help with your email setup .
i had tried all combinations of security settings but crucially it was the ' request sign in ' bit that was needed along with selecting port 465 ( ss l certificates option ) .
i have been experiencing the same problem with a samsung galaxy s2 and a bt yahoo account , namely can receive but not send email . after many unsuccessful variations on pop3/imap and port combinations the following finally seems to have worked : incoming imap server : [imap.mail.yahoo.com] [ ssl port 993 ] [ user name is your whole bt email address . use your normal account password . ] outgoing smtp server : [smtp.mail.yahoo.com] [ ssl port 465 ] ( finally - and crucially - select " require sign in " and use your email address ( username ) and account password as for the incoming . ) this may only be relevant to the galaxy s2
you can not restore a backup made from a higher android version onto a lower android version . this can be seen from the line W/BackupManagerService( 758): Wrong header version: 3 . adb backups should always be restored onto the same version ( or higher , not sure about this ) .
no , there is not anything like that in qualcomm 's offerings .
i found that using the native vpn client on android is sufficient for this ( i have 4.1.2 ) . from the home screen , hit menu , settings , more settings , vpn , add vpn network , put in the host name / ip address of your ras . default is pptp , which worked for me , you will be prompted to enter your domain credentials . currently , i am going to try to the paranoid anroid rom for my phone . http://forum.xda-developers.com/galaxy-s2/orig-development/rom-paranoidandroid-4-2-beta3-t2603784 running stock now . phone is getting old . hopefully this will extend it is usable life .
enhanced email from the market will allow to choose account and notification colors for each account . however it lacks the subject in the notification , which is why i stick with stock .
i have tried on my galaxy s3 and i could not find a way to do this . searching on the web returns nothing more ( aside of trying to delete/recreate an account until it is given the color you want , wich i did not tried ) . you can use another mail client than the one pre-installed on the gs3 . i have tried the following ones : maildroid : great one , possible to choose the color for each account from a palette , free version is add-based aquamail : good one too , you can choose the color for each account from 8 predefined colros , free version has no adds k-9 mail : possible to choose the color for each account from a palette , no adds , but looks a bit old
having a different external display was one of the new features with jelly bean 4.2 you will need a siutable update for your s3 to stand a chance . what level of support you will get then is still in doubt depending upon the real hardware capabilities and what support samsung put in .
basic caveat . it is likely ( and to be expected ) that a firmware ( or os ) upgrade will wipe any user data or settings . these settings are not easily translated / adjusted across such an update . however , most tools will give such a warning before you proceed . in more detail . . firmware update ( rom code ) a firmware update will normally cause all user data , settings , and ( custom loaded ) applications to be lost . this is because many applications and your online identity ( connection to e-store ) are usually firmware specific . exceptions : for only a minor update it may be possible to just replace the firmware , and not disrupt the higher layers . this is only advice for developers and the truly adventurous . your specific case : you are attempting to replace the telstra ( big australian telco ) firmware with ( possibly ) later firmware . this will likely not include any telstra specific applications , and you would need to re-register the phone ( upon completion ) . by then all data , settings , and applications would have been lost . firmware update ( android os ) an android update will normally attempt to retain all user data , settings , and ( custom loaded ) applications . but this is only true for minor update , as major changes will make your existing applications incompatible . for each application , the vendor may provide an update with support for the new version to convert ( or import ) any old data . exceptions : if you are attempting a major android update ( eg . from 3.2 to 4.0+ ) this will very likely not retain ( in any useful form ) any of your settings . your specific case : if you were using kies to update android from 4.0 to 4.0.4 ( or similar ) this should be as painless as ota ( over-the-air ) updates ( prompted on your phone ) . however , it is not clear from your description what type of ' firmware ' ( android or rom ) it is suggesting . note : i have not used kies , as it has no linux support . recommendation : look at syncing or backup tools , to save any user data ( phone numbers , messages , etc . ) to your pc . any applications will be more of a problem , but will still available ( in the online e-store ) to again download .
as per this thread , it is related to google currents . either disable the automatic syncing feature of currents or uninstall currents completely to get rid of this error . i do not think it is a " bad " error though and should not cause any other problems ( such as battery drain , etc . )
the easiest and fastest way to move over pictures/albums from your phone to your computer is using a usb cable and connecting your device to your computer . if you have a windows pc , your device should automatically come up . if you have a mac . you will need to download a tool called android file transfer . i will provide you with the links below . anyways , it is really simple . like i said , if you have a windows pc . just connect the device , wait for drivers to load automatically and then open windows explorer : start > run > explorer and browse through the directories on your device , if your albums are stored locally on your phone and not an sd card . you pictures should be under : dcim\media\pictures this may be different depending on the device if you are on a mac . use the aforementioned application . simply download the app , install it , and plug-in your device . once the application recognizes your phone , you will be able to browse the phone 's directories . android file transfer
i think it has something to do with the api demos , as i have searched google for this text , and found this : https://android.googlesource.com/platform/development/+/master%5e1%5e1..master%5e1/ looking at the file it says , its name is " appupdatesspreceiver . java " . it makes sense that very few know about this problem , as this app is mainly used for developers who wish to see what is new on the new version of android , and how to use the new stuff . i have no idea what is its purpose and what it tries to demonstrate - the comment there says " executed when a new version of the application is is installed . " , but it does not seem the case ) . anyway , uninstalling the api demos seems to solve the problem . can anyone please tell me what is this demo ?
i also see this . i doubt it is the usb connection or the rest of the setup because i can develop and debug for hours with a moto droid connected to the same system . galaxy tab drops out of usb mode spontaneously after about a minute . only way to get it back is to unplug the cable , re-enable usb debugging , and reconnect . one way to keep the galaxy tab connected is to click the entry with its serial number in the devices pane in eclipse whenever it goes grey . that is only a little less annoying than cycling the usb cable and the debug setting on the tab because if you wait too long , the tab disconnects and its entry disappears from devices .
well , i figured out how to get it to stop unchecking the box , though the solution is hardly much less a pain . if you activate the debugging mode , plug in the cable , run your test and then as soon as you are done testing ( or if you are not actually debugging , as soon as the app is installed ) , unplug it , the checkbox will stay checked indefinitely . you are still replugging the device every re-compile , but at least you do not have to keep going back to the settings menu to re-check the box .
have you tried to change the adb connection time-out value ? you can find it under eclipse-> preferences-> android-> ddms
i do not know how to make the setting stick , but if you are using ics you can easily disable the samsung calendar app - so it will act as if it is uninstalled . you can disable it by clicking the disable button on the app settings page - just above the disable notifications checkbox . once this is done , reboot your device and it will act as if that app is no longer installed !
i have same issue on my s2 . the problem is a conflict between google calendar and samsung stock calendar . the second one overwrite settings of google calendar . only solution is disable it and use google calendar .
yes - all android devices will work without a sim card , and can be connected to wifi for an internet connection . edit : just so people know , there is a setting in the build . prop file that determines whether or the not the device can be used without a sim or not . most of the time this is set to allow it , however in rare cases it may be disallowed .
some android devices , mostly older ones , and cdma2000 devices , will attempt to let you not use them without activation . usually the ' provision ' application has a secret code that can bypass the ' mandatory ' activation - e.g. , on the motorola droid 2 global it is upper left corner , upper right corner , lower right corner , lower left corner ( the lower corners being above the software buttons , not the absolute corner of the screen ) - do that and you can use the phone unactivated ( for battery life considerations , put the phone in airplane mode ) . newer devices , including the n4 , should just let you skip the activation altogether ; a lot of the google applications will continually beg for google credentials , however , if you do not log in .
this applies to the original htc desire , codename bravo . the instructions have been tested to work on the gsm version of the phone with android 2.3.3 . how to enter safe mode power off the phone . press and hold down the menu button , and then press and let go of the power button , but continue holding the menu button . the phone will power on and start booting . the phone will vibrate when it enters safe mode . let go of the menu button when you get past the htc logo with " quietly brilliant " animation , or when you feel the phone vibrate . you will see the text " safe mode " in the lower left corner of the display if the phone has entered safe mode properly . how to leave safe mode to leave safe mode , follow these instructions . while in safe mode , press and hold the power button until you see the power options menu . tap the option " power off " . the phone will now leave the safe mode and quickly reboot into normal mode . note that it will not actually do a power off . if you want to power off repeat these steps once more ( while in normal mode ) . important notes about android 2.3 and fast boot if you have upgraded to android 2.3.3 then you should have " fast boot " disabled . if fast boot is enabled the phone will not do a complete power off . this has the advantage that the phone boots more quickly . but to enter safe mode the phone needs to be completely off . you can achieve this by either disabling fast boot first , and then powering off the phone . or you can power off , with fast boot enabled , and then take out the battery to disconnect the power source , and then put it back in . then you can enter safe mode as described above . you will find the fast boot option by pressing menu button , then going to settings , applications , and then check or un-check the option " fast boot " . if you have android 2.2 or below , then you do not need to worry about fast boot . you can check which version you have by pressing menu button , then going to settings , about phone , and then software information .
you could try this fix those running the cynogen mod on their htc desire and experiencing problems with auto adjustment of brightness would be happy to hear that a fix has been developed to tackle it . if it does not work you could try another rom to determine if its a software or a hardware issue .
if you really want the brightness that low on your device , try an " overlay " dimmer which displays a dark layer over the screen to simulate darker brightness . to you it will be the same . try lux . it will let you pick how low to let the brightness goes ( just before flickering ) , then it will activate the overlay beyond that .
you can define the default number yourself : open the " contacts " / " people " app tap the contact to view it long-tap ( i.e. . tap-and-hold ) the number you want to make the default , a pop-up will open select " make default "
if your device talks about " low memory " , it is not evaluating the sd card -- but rather means internal memory . so it does not help to buy a bigger sd card : what you have to do is to free up internal storage . this is an issue coming up here frequently -- so for details please look at the solutions already present : low disk storage space more internal memory or less memory + sd card my internal storage capacity is running low , what can i do ? message memory full , incoming message rejected there are many more -- just follow the internal-storage tag and watch out . . .
according to androidcentral and these xda posts , the photon 4g is specifically made to prevent access to at and t or t-mobile and an unlock code will not do anything . presumably so that if you are in the us and do not need to roam away from sprint , you can not switch away from sprint . the limitation does not appear to have been hacked around yet .
you should call your carrier in the uk and explain that you need to unlock your phone because you are travelling . unless they are being particularly unhelpful a carrier will normally give you the unlock code for that purpose . edit : it looks like the unlock code may be stored on the device and accessible as with many galaxy phones , most easily if you are rooted . check out this androidforums guide .
yes , it is possible to unlock your samsung galaxy 3 ( gt-i5801 ) through online mobile unlock services . i would recommend you to use theunlockarena . com to get the unlock code . you need to specify the imei number . then , they will give you the unlock code through e-mail .
yeah nowadays it is very easy to get a phone unlocked and get rid of excessive roaming charges and get the freedom to change network provider . recently i unlocked my cellphone , not samsung but blackberry , in something like 3-4 hours . lots of vendors can do it like codes2unlock and myphoneunlock , you could try it .
it is possible to unlock any samsung salaxy s or note . just need to generate some codes : nck code network code etc there are tons of paid services but i used digitalunlocking as they are 10 years in business
try going to the phones settings > account and sync , click on your email address and uncheck sync next to contacts . next go back to settings > applications > manage applications and select the " all " tab . scroll down and click on contacts storage . then click on clear data . finally go back to settings > accounts and sync . click on your email address and select the sync for contacts which will start to resync . give it a few . . . let me know if that helped .
i am using this fine app here and i like it . but if you go to play store and search for " sms blocker " there are many of the kind , having customer/user comments which are a good idea to read to have a picture of the app . imho always start with trial version and use the one fits best your needs .
opensource iptableslog app does exactly that . the features are : real time log display hostname resolving per app view filters based on app name , hostname , port it needs root and busybox .
you need to look for hebfix or rtl fix . unfortunately , i was unable to find a direct download link . hope this is enough to get you started . a good place to look would be http://iandroid.co.il or http://www.xda-developers.com/ . if you find a good link to download from , you can update my answer : )
currently there is no app released from google that will let you video chat with google+ circles like google+ hangouts . you can use google talk video chat on android 2.3 gingerbread . edit : vtok is an app that allows google talk video chat .
yes , as indicated on the user manual . i am currently using a sandisk class 4 32gb formatted with exfat , works just fine . stock rom , unrooted .
i have had a similar issue on my nexus 4 device , here is what i did to stop the issue : go to your ' settings ' menu , then go to ' accounts ' . select ' google ' and check which google service has a sync issue . if you cant see any apps with sync issues , you will have to do as user ' laural h ' mentioned above : disable them all , and re-enable them one by one , checking that it syncs properly ( before enabling the next one ) . when you find the app with sync issues , open the problematic app and login with your google credentials .
you could try installing the newest version of google play . if you do not want to do that , try one of these : go to settings-> accounts-> google-> sync data and disable all your google account sync items individually . then enable the app data and try again before enabling the rest of your sync items . go to settings-> apps-> menu-> clear app preferences . clearing the play cache .
call actions and reminders does offer this , amongst many other things : 1-click actions after a call : copy the call details in the system clipboard call back send an sms view the contact or add a new number to the contacts list send an email . in case the contact has an email , the application will use it share the contact details with its vcard if available . id set the application can only share the details as plain text . make a google search of the phone number , which may be helpful to research unknown numbers create a reminder associated to the contact or phone number : [ . . . ] screenshot during an ongoing call ( click image for larger variant ) more details can be found behind above link : )
if it is a gmail account ( eg , myemail@gmail.com ) or you have not added the domain to the email address (eg,moo@cow.com), you cannot use manual setup . personally i would recommend ditching the native mail app and going with k9 - it is a far superior email client .
i am using aerosync to sync a folder over various devices , it works well and it is free and unlimited storage on any number of device but no cloud storage , it is having client for all platform
you can add your own private folders to dropbox , you do not have to use the Public folder . i use this for some syncs between work , home and phone .
i use sugarsync . similar to dropbox but without the poor security track record . the android client also handles automatic sync where dropbox does not . of course the windows clients do as well .
google docs actually would be a viable solution . you just need a way to sync local files to and from gdocs . readwriteweb reviewed three such apps . there are surely others .
i use smestorage . i actually use 2 storage clouds on it . my home webdav server and skydrive . my files physically reside on my home webdav server and on skydrive . i have a phone to skydrive folder sync setup through the smestorage app for some docs/files . smestorage has the ability to encrypt files uploaded to it and then decrypt on the fly from the client , which suits me . it uses aes-256 and does not store the private key so if you lose the key your stuffed but again this approach suits me .
sorry to say , but there is no or alternate way for this . i had lost my phone and i was having some contacts on whatsapp which i dont have anywhere else . this thing is a bit wrong , because whatsapp would use your own phonebook to check which of your contacts have whatsapp . it will not let you add any user to your stock pile by just adding them as friends . is there any way to reach to that contacts . if there is a backup of the data on google servers , then there might be an option . but i do not think that would work ! so there is no way to get them back . i know this is not a technical question concerned with android true , but actually this is a site for the android questions . so you are in the correct place . to ask how to get data , but now about how to get data from a lost phone . thats impossible . possible things that would help well these are not the helping materials , but just in case to remind you that , in the settings , did you check backup my data . if so , try signing in google from other phone , it might give you some data . not sure of this but you said the contacts were no where else but on whatsapp , so try signing in to whatsapp again , maybe they still have those contacts for you !
sign back into watsapp your contacts will be there . i was surprised to find them there when i signed back in but using a new number . i had lost my phone . im guessing watsapp recognises your gmail sign in so your sync contacts to your google and watsapp account will . automatically be available .
have you tried to go to https://www.google.com/contacts/ and see if your contacts are backed up there ? that is the only possible way to get data from a stolen device , by having your data synced somewhere .
whatsapp dont remembers ur gmail contact info . whtsapp simply add contacts from the phonebook . you got a new phone and synced your gmail account , then you will have those old contacts same as you had in old phone . that is the reason . whatsapp primary id is your phone number alone , not any other info .
the stereo supports bluetooth hands-free but not bluetooth audio , which is used to stream music , so no , this is not possible . for more information see bluetooth profile on wikipedia and compare hands-free profile ( which the stereo supports ) and a2dp ( which it does not ) . theoretically , you could stream music through the hfp but the quality would be terrible , like listening to music in a phone call .
my response is specifically in respect to exchange based device administrators . what you should find is , dependant on some security policies device administrators cannot be removed without a device wipe . this is to protect company data and is set at the exchange level and conformance is met by android . i have followed the process on android 4.2.2 and it works however , dependant on which company exchange account i use ( i work as a sysadmin contracted to many companies managing many exchange servers so different policies ) i can see different behaviours . if you have not been asked to wipe your phone when device administrators were removed , then i am shocked . i have not seen this behaviour on any exchange server i have tested with . i am sorry to say that generally once you admit an exchange administrator you are stuck with a factory reset . that does not mean all your data is lost though . you may do a sms backup , application backup and if you have root and recovery , a system backup . do these to your internal sd or external sd as these will not be wiped in a factory reset . if you are concerned about encryption depending on which file systems you encrypted ( usually it is just system , not internal or external sd cards ) you may want to copy these backups to another device . now do your wipe . restore your backups and find your applications , sms 's and all your photo 's etc should be exactly as they were . all that will be missing is the exchange accounts . this is tedious i am aware . however this is becoming more common in a byo device oriented corporate world .
the best way is to ask your corporation 's it support for help . they locked , so maybe they will know , how to unlock .
after some research , i finally got some details . unlocking a bootloader will generally not change the bootloader of a device . the locked bootloader somehow ensures that the device should boot up with the os that is shipped originally with the device or updated by the vendor officially . locked bootloader puts this as a security measure so that it can prevent the users from installing custom rom 's . when the bootloader is unlocked it will simply provide the booting instructions to the device without checking for the stock rom on the device . the device will boot with the rom present in /boot and /system partitions and thus unlocking a bootloader is an essential step if one want to install custom rom . thus overall , locking a bootloader is just an extra built-in security check and unlocking will just remove this check but will not modify the entire bootloader of your device .
i had the same problem . i fixed it by reinstalling the latest version of kies and deactivating usb-debugging before i connected my phone ( samsung galaxy xcover ) the first time .
before ur usb connect with the computer , go . setting--> application--> development--> usb debugging ( no tick ) open kies connect usb maybe it is work . . . . if still not , reopen the phone . . connect again . . . i hope that it can help u . . . . . also understand my poor eng . . . .
i have same problem , plus i have try some things : debug mode ( off ) then plug debug mode ( on ) then plug plug then debug mode ( first off then on and vice versa ) rebooted phone and pc installed kies , and usb drivers over the past installation rebooted phone and pc unistalled kies , usb drivers rebooted phone and pc reinstalled kies , usb drivers rebooted phone and pc deleted manually all the kies files , registry entry , usb drivers rebooted phone and pc installed kies , usb drivers rebooted phone and pc i have try to install kies on several computer , but all are 32 bit ( win xp or at least vista ) actually , my phone has been connected to kies only one time . . . i remember that time it was some of the first try , about a year and half ago . . . then , nothing .
there are a lot of potential variables here , but a hardware failure is certainly one possibility . after over a year of use , my nexus one 's gps became terribly slow to lock until i had moved a bit ( like you said , maybe 100 yards ) or was outside in a relatively clear area . i assumed this was because the gps chip had , over time , started to develop problems and was likely throwing errors - oftentimes it would have my location totally wrong , and it would not come on/off correctly . download a gps test app , like gps status and toolbox ( link here ) , and see how long it takes to pick up satellites . also , are you using a custom rom ? i have found some roms " tweak " android 's default gps settings , and this could potentially cause issues . really , there a ton of possibilities here , so it is hard to say . but aging hardware sounds the most likely to me , unless you have recently started using a different custom rom or kernel , or recently received an update from motorola .
in case anyone with a samsung s4 running usb mass storage enabler and busybox runs into this issue , be sure that the usb computer connection is set to mtp . this setting sometimes toggles off for some odd reason on my phone . click the text box and you should be good to go .
the files needed for rooting are not able to be transferred via mtp , switch to ' camera ' for ptp file transfer and it should work just fine !
after connecting via usb and receive the message " connecting as installer " on your phone 's screen , make sure you are phone is not on the lock-screen and swipe down from the top ( or at least on my verizon device ) you can access " usb pc connection " settings under the " ongoing " tab . check one of two options , mtp or ptp . this would be the same pull-down where you would quickly alter various settings , view downloads and be able to link to recent notifications . this will effectively switch out of installer mode so that you can access your phone 's directory and that of any sub sequential micro sd card . hope this helps .
i have had the same problem with my verizon s4 mini lte ( sch-i435 ) . i was able to solve it through the hidden dialer . here is a utility that was able to bring the dialer back for me , since it was not accessible ( i am not the author ) : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2434415 if you had rather not trust the apk , it just implements this technique : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2303905 once the menu comes up go to usb settings and change the usb protocol to mtp+adb . note , the first time i used it it was already on mtp+adb . i had to switch to ptp , save come back and switch to mtp+adb to get it to work . the settings stick now .
are you using a usb 2 port ? i had the same issue and i was using a 1.0 port . the issue disapeared once i plugged into a 2.0 port . i have an s3 instead , but it may be the same problem .
in android 4.2 , it was possible to access a hidden setup menu and fix the usb settings . the 4.3 update reverted usb setting to the broken default . the access codes for the advanced setup menus have been changed or removed . samsung claims they have removed access , for what ungodly reason i do not know , and repeated requests and hours on the phone with them got me nowhere . until someone can break back into the advanced setup menus , there is not any way fix this behavior besides rooting the phone or reverting to a previous version of android . http://www.linuxine.com/story/hidden-services-menu-galaxy-s3-android-43
download morelocale2 from the market , then you can change the ui language with a push of a button , without reboot .
android 's language/locale/internationalization support is pretty bad at the moment . i would recommend flashing a us or uk rom on it , which will have the language built-in .
error "-18" ( see the previous-to-last line of your log ) is a typical app2sd error . trouble is , there were remains from a previous install left on the sdcard , and now the package manager cannot create a file with a name already existing . there are two possible approaches : if the app is already installed , and you are trying to update : move it back to " internal storage " ( e . g . via settings→apps , scroll to the app , open it is entry , and use the corresponding button ) . then try to update again . once succeeded , optionall move the app back to sdcard otherwise : attach the card to your pc using a card reader ( or , if you have root access , use a file-manager with root support , e.g. es file explorer ; without root , android will hide the folder you need to access ) . in the root of the card , you should find a folder named .android_secure ( note the leading dot ! ) . navigate into it . watch out for a file named smdl2tmp1.asec ( see the corresponding error message : Failed to create container smdl2tmp1 ) , and remove it . if you had used a cardreader attached to your pc : unmount the card safely , and put it back to your device . try installing the app again , it should work now . reading the log again , it looks like the cause was a little different here : executing /system/bin/newfs_msdos failed: No such file or directory is where the trouble starts . the system was unable to create a " handler " to deal with the fat file system on the sdcard , thus could not access it ( ASEC FAT format failed (I/O error) ) , and then could not deal with the " smdl2tmp1" container because of that . in short : it looks like there is a binary missing ( or it is there but lacks the appropriate permissions ) .
go for truecaller app . it is the best app for finding name by phone number .
try using google search , works flawlesly on my magic to look for contacts in any way i like , you might need to update latest version from the market
trigger works well . it replicates most of the profile tasks that tasker has but has nfc triggers . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.jwsoft.nfcactionlauncher
nfc task launcher can , among other things , run tasker tasks . in any case , it is probably worth while to check out this app if you plan on experimenting with nfc tags .
i do not know whether tasker can meanwhile handle that itself , but it is at least doable with the right plugin . there is e.g. locale nfc plugin which could fill this gap . alternatives exist as well , like a modified version of anytag , which is used e.g. in this tutorial . for more examples , tutorials , and possibilities , i recommend a googlefu , ahem , search for " tasker nfc " , which brings up a lot of tuts and even youtube videos explaining different magical things to achieve this way .
it is because android can neither connect nor " see " ad-hoc networks . there is supposedly a work around in which you install some third party software on your android device , but it only works on a small list of phone models . a quick google search will lead you to the page . sorry , i am on my tab right now otherwise i would link it here . edit : found the link to a similar situation : stackexchange-url
gps in most of the smartphones are agps . " standalone " or " autonomous " gps operation uses radio signals from satellites alone . a-gps additionally uses network resources to locate and utilize the satellites in poor signal conditions . so in my phone htc desire , it automatically updates some gps system file via internet so gps lookup can happen quickly . however , in normal gps operation it will not require internet so it does not require a data plan .
in paragon mount , try changing the mount point when you tap mount . just make a new folder in the root of your storage space .
answering the question i have been searching for a solution to this issue since i have seen your question , probably when you have set a bounty . till now i have found tons of unhappy users complaining about the same issue , no pause/resume during a video record . i have read just about every first fifty results presented for every search that i came up with on google , been into google market , reference forums , etc . . . sigh ! the only answer that i have found relevant to be mentioned was provided by ryan conrad concerning this topic , for the same phone . ( no need for transcription to this answer ) since this is being requested a few years ( at least since 2011 that users are complaining at google forums ) , and since the functionality to pause while recording needs system support due to the api and hardware being used that must provide such capabilities , software developers cannot go around this . some devices may be capable of dealing with the pause/resume feature , but that is unclear . i believe that you will just have to wait until manufacturers and developers can not stand the voice of the unhappy user anymore , and improve this issue . the android api currently does not provide the pause method this is a bit technical , but was solicited on the comments . the public class mediarecorder , being used since api level 1 , does not has the capability to pause , as one can observe from the mediarecorder state diagram : when recording , the api allows us to either use the reset() or stop() public methods : reset() -> restarts the mediarecorder to its idle state . stop() -> stops recording .
i had faced the same problem myself . system settings > device > accessibility > services . something in there is set to on . switch it to off and you will be ok . i had the same problem because i had an application set to on . instant fix !
for me the solution was similar but different . i had nothing under the accessibility options excepted " talkback " turned off . i turned it on then off and voila ! it brought back the arrows .
all ota updates reset file permissions , so you will lose root unless you take special precautions . install ota rootkeeper and make a backup of your su executable before applying this update . you will be able to restore your root once update is finished . obviously , since this is an incremental update , you need to have a stock nexus rom . if you deleted or altered some system files , update may fail . i used galaxy nexus toolkit to apply these updates , worked ok for me ( and i kept my root ) .
remote phone call ( click here to view app on play store ) might help you with the gsm calling via wifi and bluetooth . google voice and hangout ( default app on android phone ) for pc you need plugin for installing hangout . .
there is a startup in ycombinator 's incubation center that is currently solving this very problem , they are called pushbullet . https://www.pushbullet.com unfortunately though , their app is still a chrome extension , and it does not allow you to directly make calls from pc , your phone is connected with pc over lan ( read wifi ) , and it binds a port from your phone to the pc and allows you to add one more layer of abstraction between your phone and pc
there are many for android , this two seem to perform the tasks mentioned by " track and share " ( additionally , you can check the left column from google play store for related apps ) : time recording - timesheet app timesheet manager - easy to use , highly adaptive . manage your timesheet . check in and out task assignment daily and detailed notes overview of day , week , month data export and email as csv , html or xml integrated backup and restore check the lifehacker review . daily task tracker keep track of your tasks that you repeat on a daily basis . this app allows the user to keep track of daily tasks that are important to them . add each task and then throughout the day or at the end of the day check off the ones that were completed .
all the methods you have tried , and the ones i have been reading for the past hour , exploit a circuit " bump " that should not even happen in the first place . if they do not work with your phone , be happy , your phone is not suffering from further defects . some i am referencing are : plug your phone to your computer using the usb cable . remove and add the battery several times to make the phone start booting : this video or this video . gently flick ( tap ) the back of the phone , right under the lens , with a finger . what you should actually do is to repair the phone , it costs a certain amount , but at least you get the problem fixed by professionals and can take preventive measures to prevent this from happening again . to repair , you can use nexus s power button repair or other near you . as a preventive measure , to avoid degrading the power button , you can use an app to lock/unlock the phone . with it , you will give less use to your power button , and in turn it may last longer . even if it gets broken again , with an app , you still have alternative methods of controlling your phone ( lock/unlock ) . fix broken power button by destil available from google play store . note : an app installed on your phone cannot power it on . so , if the power button breaks again , be sure to not let your phone 's battery get empty .
not even your stock firmwares are 100% reliable , really - i have experienced crashes with the stock android straight from google and built for a nexus . omnirom is quite stable , however . i have currently got one of the nightly 4.4 builds running on my phone ( sony xperia t ) and it is not exhibiting any issues the standard aosp 4.4 is not . at the end of the day flashing any custom software onto your handset is a risk . it is usually outlined to you before you download a rom image that it is possible you might brick your device in the process , rendering it unusable , but if you follow the instructions carefully this is unlikely to happen . if you are not confident in the software , or your ability to successfully install it , protect your expensive hardware and do not flash it .
the green is a notification that you are still on a call .
after having tried anything i could think of and all the solutions in various group the only one which works was to use bluetooth file transfer to forcefully transfer the contacts i wanted to have on my car system . this is not an optimal solution as the contacts are just transferred , not synchronized new contacts on my phone need to be transferred manually but at least this gives me something similar to what i had with an iphone , out of the box ( all contacts transferred and synchronized , as expected )
4.2.2 and 4.3 customized roms ( cyanogenmod in my case ) fix the issue . . . and bring in other ones , less important ( the mp3 tags are not streamed with the musioc for instance = the name of the song is not displayed ) .
the time issue seems to be a known bug has already been reported and fixed in aug 2012: sms times bug - august 2012 timestamp for text messages - may 2012 i suggest you update to the latest version , currently at 2.1.3.767 beta . if that still does not work , i suggest you report it .
i faced a similar problem recently on my nexus s upgraded to stock ics . the problems were : connecting the phone to the ac charger would sometimes show the phone to be charging , while the battery level was not actually increasing and sometimes the opposite . connecting the phone through usb to my laptop would allow it to charge , but my laptop used to throw a " unrecognized usb device " error . the battery level displayed on my phone was misleading . for eg , the battery level was shown to be 44% , but when i restarted it , it suddenly dropped to 19% . shutting it down while connected to ac charger would cause it to hang on the shutting down screen till i remove the charger . connecting it to an ac charger while switched off would cause it to automatically turn on . a little research on the net yielded this dicussion on the google product forums . the alleged problem was the pin in the phone 's usb port , and the solution was to bend it upwards a little using a penknife . i was a little wary of taking things into my own hands , so i went to a nearby samsung service center where they replaced the charging connector , and i have not faced any problems since .
check that your charging port is not shorting across : turn off phone , remove battery , and use a pin or similar pirze middle piece in the charger slot so it is central in the slot , as when pushing in the charger it can be moved up or down and cause a short to side , which gives the charging signal on phone . when having it fairly central , replace the battery , turn your device on , and see what happens . this worked for my phone which was driving me potty bleeping for charge etc . good luck !
there is an application running with a wakeup flag . if you were rooted , a simple adb logcat would get to the bottom of it . but what it comes down to is uninstalling that app-- perhaps review the seedy ones ? last time this happened to me , it was a kamasutra app .
i have the same proplem and found a workaround : my nexus keeps switching between charging and discharging while it is not connected . that keeps the screen on - which causes massive battery drain . as a workaround i found a root app to keep the screen off , called screen standby . the cpu is still doing work but at least the screen does not draw power since i installed it .
found it myself : k-9 mail @ google play
if your phone is connected to the net , try to install any other launcher from the play store website , for example : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.adw.launcher wait the installation to finish on your phone , then press the home button . now you will able to uninstall then reinstall sl or any other launchers .
try to go to setting by any way . . . like : in some launch screens you can get the settings screen via : options-&gt;Device settings or Drag the task bar -&gt;Settings . and then change the Home screen settings to previous home screen . if these options not available , i think Factory Reset is the only option for you .
the speed of your device relates to the ram not rom . ram of note2 is 2gb and ram is not expandable . ram is the memory where all your foreground and background process resides . if ram usage in your device is very high , uninstall or disable unnecessary applications . and install a task killer and schedule it in crazy mode at every half hour . it may increase the speed of your system . you can manually clear your ram from task manager . long press home button then tap on left most option which is task manager there select ram tab and tap on clear memory . if you have root access you can use autorun manager to permanently disable unnecessary background processes from startup .
android logs are stored in an internal ring buffer . as such , i do not see how even the overly verbose apps could slow the system down purely through logging .
if the logs are really bothering you , you can deal with it two ways . options one is to turn them off . you can do this with adb shell setprop log.tag.BadTag ERROR  that will only log them if it is error or higher , but you will have to kill the application before it'll listen . the second option is to use logcat directly and filter out what you do not care about . i have a logcat script that looks like this : this will only log stuff that i generally actually care about . you call it like ./logcat MyTag0 MyTag1:W MyTag2 MyTag3:D this will log everything for tags mytag0 and mytag2 , warnings from mytag1 , and debugging from mytag3 . the downside here is that it is not directly in eclipse ( i personally consider that an upside , but i digress ) .
the stock camera app does not allow such manual adjustments , so you will probably need a 3rd-party app such as dslr camera pro $3 , shot control $3 with a free demo or camera fv-5 $5 with a free demo . this will let you manually adjust the shutter speed , aperture , iso , etc like a dslr .
the nfc circuitry itself is in the phone , but the antenna is in the battery . this is due to the layout of the phone . since the range of nfc is very small , the antenna is placed on the outer side of the battery to increase the range as much as possible . yes , the downside of this is that replacement batteries need to be nfc-enabled , but it is a small price to pay for a significant improvement in the functionality of nfc .
the nfc feature does not sit in the battery , only the antenna does . nfc consists of : an integrated chip ( soldered onto the logic board ) an nfc antenna that needs free view to the phone 's back side ( antenna signals from the sticker on the back of the battery only need to pass the back cover ) if you look at the antenna you will notice how big it is . it is basically just a coil with 4 windings , see ifixit is teardown . nfc allows for passive devices ( credit cards and such ) which need to be fed energy from an active device through the antenna . some engineer decided its best fit would be as a sticker on the battery . there is only 2 positions where you can place it : back of the battery inner side of the battery cover ( like with the nexus s ) my guess is this : by placing it on the battery , the expensive and big 2-point connector ( as with the nexus s ) could be merged together with the battery contacts to make it cheaper ( and/or maybe more robust ) .
after hours of searching on the net and string of emails with the customer care i received a call from a member claiming to be from the technical team . the end result of the call was that there is no hdmi setting in the settings panel and the only way to display content on to the tv using hdmi is through the stock " vortex " player , which basically has no options than to change volume , display mode and the tracker . i could not find any info on this player 's version or if there is any update for it that could help . also my search for some effective alternative like realhdmi for droidx almost has hit a dead end . marking this as answered to serve as information source for people who buy this product and hope i might receive some effective alternatives in the future .
go to settings -> applications -> manage applications -> sd card to see what apps are on the sd card . other things that might be on it include pictures and videos . there are not a lot of things that default to the sd card , but it depends on your device and software . the easiest way to find out what is there is just to look !
to see what is on your sd card , you can use an app like astro . or , you can hook your device to your usb port and enable mounting and look at with your computer 's file explorer . or pop the card into a card reader .
it removes the app 's entry from the /data/data/com.android.vending/databases/localappstate.db database : i am not aware of it making any other modifications to the filesystem ( it does not touch library.db insofar as i can tell ) , but it is possible that there is some other magic behind it .
not only the screen is a main consumer . based on the motorola droid , i can give you some data to compare : as you can see , there are clearly compontents/actions with a much higher energy consumptions -- but the display gives you good potential to reserve some . data source is an article at heise . de called energiesparplan ( google translate version here ) .
android has " partial " support for ipv6 , which basically means there is some code for it but it does not really work yet . check this google thread for more info .
no , as of late 2013 , even the newest android devices still do not support ipv6-only wifi networks . source : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=32630
updating this question to say that as of android 4.0 , ipv6 is fairly well supported . there are still no visual indicators that it is running/working , but devices pick up ipv6 addresses and try to use them by default .
i think My Files does not allow you to create files . you could try a 3rd-party app like file expert though ; this app lets you create both files and folders .
these forums might be the most helpful . http://forum.xda-developers.com/wiki/asus_eee_pad_transformer/how_to_install_ubuntu/ubuntu_install http://forum.xda-developers.com/wiki/asus_eee_pad_transformer/how_to_install_ubuntu#installing_ubuntu
if your phone will not turn on , i do not think installing drivers will help . and yet you say that the computer " sees " the phone . in my case i found that after successfully upgrading to 4.4 that my windows pc could no longer " see " my phone unless i went into storage and changed the usb settings to ptp . however , on my linux machine i can access all folders and storage . so if you have a linux machine or at least a live disk you may be able to access you internal storage that way . but if the phone is not turning on , i am not sure what you can do from that point . hope something in my ramblings helps . :- )
i have had the same issue occur with the same symptoms . used to work fine and then randomly started re-cycling as you mentioned . several forums indicate this to be a pervasive issue as a result of a recent update . i just chatted with samsung tech support and they recommended a factory reset . it worked . but i worry as to whether it will just eventually re-download the update the caused the issue in the first place . . .
i have managed to deal with this problem by performing a " soft reset " . hold down the power button for around 30 seconds , the device should start a soft reset ( i.e. you do not lose any data/settings etc . ) and reboot . -- why it blocked and prevented me from performing a screen unlock remains to be explained .
for those that tried the soft reset to no avail : some tablet covers have magnets in them used to toggle the screen on and off . if your cover is poorly made , it may trigger the screen to turn off at inopportune times , e.g. when you have it folded back like a book cover and it is turning your screen off as soon as you get past the lockscreen .
you may have to run an ruu if you do not have a custom recovery you could try rebooting into bootloader and doing a factory reset there ( typically , turn device off , hold volume down and power till you are in the bootloader , volume moves , power selects in that screen )
try installing the standard rom , if this also does not work you can be sure that this is a hardware problem with the phone . i think the problem occurred when you spilled water on your mobile phone . it will oxidize and become damaged over time . if you had lost your phone in salt water , it would be destroyed immediately . when you lose your phone in water or spill water on it , you should take out your battery immediately and deliver it to professionals to clean it before it oxidizes . since the phone has been in contact with water , your guarantee is void . how a water sensors looks like : http://altinett.no/2/wp-content/uploads/2010/10/futkskade-mb.jpg there is two water sensors in this picture . one looks like a black circle and white in the middle , this censor has not been in contact with water . the other censor to the left looks like a black circle with red in the middle , this has been in direct contact with water . how an oxidized motherboard looks like : http://altinett.no/2/wp-content/uploads/2010/10/fukt-korrosjon-lcd2.jpg this case is irreversible .
easy tether from mobile stream should work . it is a way to share your internet connection with another device via usb . get the lite version ( does not support https , or tethering to gaming consoles ) or the full version . supports windows 7/vista/xp ( 32-bit and 64-bit ) , mac os x 10.7/10.6/10.5/10.4 , ubuntu 10.4+ and fedora 13+ full version supports the following : tether ps3 , wii , xbox via pc internet connection sharing , you need a computer for game console tethering .
holding the power button brings up the " power options " menu . in there you can choose the profile .
there is now ( confirmed with 10.2 ) a profiles tile in the quick settings panel , which is quite handy .
i had basically the same question . i noticed the option via the powers button , but wanted to have some kind of shortcut on the homescreen . i found a solution using the app cyanogenmod profiles shortcut . works for me on version 6 .
some apps will use the led to indicate that there is a notification . for instance , the led blinks green for me when i have received an e-mail message and blinks blue when twitter has a message for me . there is no consistency as to how to manage these , however . for instance google voice has it under Menu | More | Settings | Sync and notifications | Light , but no way to choose the color . gmail does not offer any way to control it .
this requires a rooted phone . there is a good guide here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1103399 if you do not have adb , get the full android sdk from here : http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html ( it might come in useful multiple times , and all app developers should already have it ) . do not trust websites offering adb alone unless it the official android site . after installing it , browse to the install directory , then " platform-tools " , then open the command line -- on windows 7 , this is done by shift-right-click and choose " open command window here " , then type " adb " . power-on sound this sound file is not in the standard location for android ( /system/media/audio ) so most guides have not worked for me . connect your phone to your computer and open adb . go into shell with " adb -d shell " . now become super-user with " su " - your phone must be active and unlocked - a dialog will open which you accept . in adb again : " mount -o rw , remount -t yaffs2 /dev/block/mtdblock3 /system " . now rename the sound files so they can not be found ! " cd /system/etc " " mv poweron . wav poweron . wav . old " " mv 1_power_on . ogg 1_power_on . ogg . old " restart your phone . there should be no power-on sound . disable camera sound again . this sound file is also not in the standard android location ( /system/media/audio/ui/camera_clicker . ogg ) so most guides have not worked for me . first , make your / read-write . in adb , go into shell then type " cat /proc/mounts " , find the line where "/" is the second column , and remember the first column which in my case is " rootfs " . in adb do " mount -o rw , remount -t yaffs2 rootfs /" now you need to edit the root default . prop ( that is , "/default . prop" ) . in adb : " cp /default . prop /sdcard/default . prop " . copy it from your sd card to your computer ( samsung kies is the easier way ) . add the line " ro . camera . sound . forced=0" and save . put the edited file back onto your sdcard with the same name . now " cat /sdcard/default . prop > /default . prop " restart your phone . open the camera app . taking photos and videos should now be silent .
just go to sounds and set volume to 0 for system
i struggled with this for a long while as well . i found silent mode switcher , which lets you the press power button and shake the phone to switch it to vibrate mode . easiest way i have found , and it works great on nexus 5 .
yepp , possible -- taskerman is back : ) one solution would involve tasker , available for about eur 5 at the playstore ( free 7 day trial on the homepage ) . tasker is an automation solution , connecting " events " with " tasks " . in your case , the event would be the corresponding hardware button pressed -- and the task to silence/vibrate your phone . unfortunately , the volume buttons do not seem to be available here , but . . . condition : event &rarr ; hardware &rarr ; button : camera task : audio settings &rarr ; vibrate on optionally you can have it adjust volume settings as well , of course ( a task can consist of multiple actions ) . there might be alternative apps able to do this , but i cannot tell for sure what they cover ( i am using tasker here for years , so i have lost track about the others ; ) but you might want to take a look at the free llama as well ( though from its description , it cannot act on hardware-key-events ) .
the following short procedure should work : press power button ( enable the screen ) hold power button for 1 second ( new required step on android 4.2.2 , not needed on 4.2.1 ) press volume up or down until phone vibrates optionally press power button again ( turn off screen ) the idea is to enable the screen first , because then volume buttons would be enabled to change ringer volume ( when screen is off they only work for music volume if it is playing ) . then depending on what volume you had set you need to press volume up or down : if volume was set to silent , press volume up once , the phone should vibrate , now the phone is in vibrate only mode if volume was set to regular ringtone , press volume down several times until phone vibrates . now phone is in vibrate mode . pressing volume down again would enable silent mode . so you need to press volume down or up until you feel single vibrate and the you can leave the phone as is and it should turn off screen after short time by default . there should not be much risk leaving screen enabled in a pocket for a while , but if you want you can press power button again to disable screen , but you risk pressing volume keys again which might either put phone in silent mode or enable ringtone . full procedure that should always work : press power button ( enable lock screen ) press volume down up to 7 times until phone vibrates then stop the procedure ( this assumes there are 9 levels of volume , see below ) if phone not vibrated press volume up ( you were probably in silent mode ) , phone should vibrate if phone not vibrated repeat the procedure only one more time ( maybe screen was enabled and first step turned it off ) optionally if phone vibrated , press power button once to turn off screen phone changes between following states when pressing volume up/down keys : maximum volume . . . . . . medium volume . . . . . . minimum volume vibration only no sound , no vibration - silent mode the procedure was tested on galaxy nexus , but since nexus 4 is very similar ( same button layout/number , os version , nexus brand ) it should also work for it . update : since android 4.2.2 changing volume on lock screen as described above does not work . there is additional step needed : holding power button for at least 1 second when screen is enabled . this will bring the " power off/airplaine mode " dialog and volume buttons will work there .
go to settings , then language and input , then Samsung keyboard settings , then handwriting , then recognition time . try changing it and then try touching . sometimes this could solve . also try touching the 4 corners .
let it run dead to the point where it will not turn on , charge it till full ( without using it at all ) turn it back on and it should . be fine . happened to me . : )
this video describes an issue that could be related to your problem .
this is not gonna be a the best answer but just google mp3 cutter . i used one of the apps and they do a good job edit : just select your points and hit ' start cut ' https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.beka.tools.mp3cutter
i had the same issue . found this solution on another site : open " settings " app go to " sim card manager " tap on " data service network " choose the sim as the data sim note that only the first sim slot supports 3g internet . so if you want to use 3g you must plug your 3g sim in the first slot .
alas , that is not possible . at least not without reflashing the htc 's partition table ( which happens to be in the bootloader section , aka . hboot ) . there is seemingly no modded hboot out there for the explorer . i only know of repartitioned hboots for the htc desire . reason : /cache is backed by a separate block device on all android devices ( i.e. . mount-point or partition ) , it is needed to hold firmware update files ( e . g . definitely needed for encrypted phones ) . so if you move it , there is no gain because that partition will still be there and not free up space for the /data partition . in case you shrink the /cache partition , ota updates will not be possible any more ( you had have to use a custom recovery to do it ) .
you might want to take a look at directorybind , which was developed for things like this . it takes care for the user-configured " mounts " at boot-time and also on-demand , so nothing should " disappear " on a boot . basically , it is intended to map things from internal/phone storage to external/sd storage -- especially for cases like yours , were internal memory is running low . note : according to ce4 's answer , this method will not bring any profit concerning the /data folder , as /cache is using its own partition ( this seems to apply to all android devices -- checked with 7 different devices from 5 different manufacturers ; according to ce4 this is especially needed on encrypted devices , as an unencrypted partition is required to store firmware updates onto for execution ) . so if your concern is increasing storage on /data , this will not do with /cache . but if you simply need more space in /cache , it should be perfectly fine . you could then use the original block device ( where /cache was pointing to ) for something else ; ) note2: afaik google playstore uses /data/local to buffer its downloads . on most devices , this should only be a directory on the /data partition , and thus could easily be handled by directorybind . additional hint : check with the df command from within a terminal whether the directory you want to move from internal to external storage is using a separate partition or not .
did another thing , downloaded kernel manager - https://market.android.com/details?id=com.teamwin.kernelmanager.free - and downloaded kernel and flash through there . worked smoothly ( ok , not at first , but the second try worked ! ) . thanks
some phones ' partitions have a separate partition for the kernel ( often called " boot" ) that is separate from the one that holds /system . unzip the cynanogenmod update . zip - there should be a boot . img inside . if you have fastboot and know how to use it , you can flash boot . img with ./fastboot flash boot /path/to/boot.img ( you will need to be s-off for this ; sounds like you are . ) another option is to go back to stock and flash cm again . if you are flashing cm over top of itself you may be able to get away without wiping /data ( you may still want to wipe /cache )
the accelerometers are hardware , thus always on . when you deactive the settings that need them ( your example auto-rotate screen is a good one ) , you merely deactivate the reading of that sensor to control the activity . a good proof of this is to use the game app " drop " , which uses these sensors . while you may turn off auto-rotate , the sensors are still live for the game .
that is because there are so many devices available . entries in /dev are not restricted to physical devices , but also include logical ones . you just named one : tty . you do not really think you have got 63 " connectors " somewhere to attach keyboards etc . to ? also , /dev/random is nothing physical , but rather " software " ( a random-number generator provided by the system itself ) . same applies to things like /dev/null , /dev/zero , and several others . for more/deeper details , you might refer to following articles : linux filesystem hierarchy device file ( wikipedia ) -- recommended for this topic , as it explicitly included pseudo-devices linux system administrator 's guide - the / dev directory
not all devices at /dev are physical , some of them are logical and may be temporary needed by kernel/software ( and some of them are symlinks , like log_modem -> /dev/ttyacm2 ) . and , as i see , you have default linux tty count . it is not used ( reserved and may be used ) , but it is no problem .
swype has something that they call the " editing keyboard " , which pops up a d-pad , arrow keys , cut/copy/paste keys and other stuff . you can access it by swyping from the swype key to the num key .
i do not know if a preloaded version of swype can be updated with a beta or not , but beta . swype . com is the starting point for downloading the swype installer , which will then download the actual swype keyboard ( you must register on beta . swype . com first ) . swype also has user forums , this page lists their samsung-specific boards . i took a quick look under the epic section and did not see anything applicable , but you may find more on a deeper search .
most logs are stored in catlog , you can use adb ( android debugging bridge ) to read it ; there are apps on the market can be used to read catlog .
on activation of a google account on your device , you will be asked whether you want to backup your data to the google cloud . while this must be explicitly supported by the apps to take effect for their data ( which only a few do ) , and thus will never be a complete data backup , many of your most private data will be affected here – amongst others your wifi aps including their ( plain text ! ) passwords , which even might lead to other issues beside privacy . but even if you answer this with " no " , your contacts , calendars , and more will be automatically sync'd with the google cloud without you being explicitly asked for . so here are some things you might want to consider . the list is definitly not complete , i certainly have missed some points ( and might add some lateron ) . " do you want to backup . . . " ( see above ) : this includes data of some apps which support it , a list of apps installed on the device – but also sensitive data such as configured wifi aps with their passwords in plain-text ( open issue #57560 ) in the sync settings of your google account , de-select what you do not want to sync . do this before entering any of your private data ( contacts , calendars , etc . ) , and remember you will have to re-do this after a factory-reset . side-effect : the less you sync , the less this can eat your data-plan . consider switching the default storage in your contacts/calendar/ . . . app from " google account " to " device " 1 android 4.4+: install an alternative sms app and make it the default one ( in settings→wifi you can chose which app to be used for sms ) to avoid your messages being mixed into hangouts . to be on the safe side , you can also disable sms support in hangouts . android 4.4+: install an alternative gallery app 2 to avoid your images being mixed with google+ ( looks like the separate gallery app will be gone soon as well ) . side-effect : again savings on your data-plan for not automatically syncing all your photos ( alternatively , photo sync/instant upload can also be turned off in g+ settings afaik ) . avoid services like google+ which are quite intrusive to privacy . if that is not an option for you , check their settings thoroughly , and opt-out from intrusives whereever possible . disable google maps and replace it by a good alternative . apps like the open-source osmand , oruxmaps , or locus map not only offer you much better offline capabilities , but also save your device 's juice by not constantly running in the background even without being explicitly started by you . if you followed all above suggestions , you now might as well think about disabling google now – it no longer can tell you it is "10 minutes to your parents " , or " you need to start to work earlier because of higher traffic " , as it does not know where ( or who ) your parents are , and where your work place is ( or what the traffic conditions are ) . and cannot give you advices like " buying this because your friends like it " . there are several more things you can do for your privacy , not being restricted to google 's services . if rooting is an option for you , things like xprivacy are definitly worth a look . a good starting point are our privacy tag-wiki and other questions tagged " privacy " . ps : turning wifi off when you do not need it ( with 4.3+ , remember there is also the " keep scanning for networks even if wifi is switched off " setting in settings→wifi→advanced to be considered ) could even protect you against being tracked by advertising trashcans . . . 1 there are alternative sync possibilities like owncloud , funambol , and others available 2 quickpic is a good candidate here
engadget has just reported that the nexus s is having issues with random reboots ( http://www.engadget.com/2011/02/15/nexus-s-suffering-from-random-data-loss-reboots/ ) and apparently fixes are coming . to see the log you can get the following app : alogcat
handcent should let you send more than 10 messages at once . it has a nice interface for selecting multiple contacts too . i have not tested this ( i do not want to send 10+ people a random text : ) ) .
if you are constantly sending group messages you may want to check out some of the group apps for android . groupme - creates an independent phone number for the group to text for those without data . - https://market.android.com/details?id=com.groupme.androidfeature=search_result disco - a google owned or backed group messaging app - https://market.android.com/details?id=com.disco.androidfeature=search_result
i do not believe this is possible with the default contacts app ( and i do not know of any third-party ones ) . android 's language/locale support is very basic -- for example , your date format cannot be changed independently unlike , say , windows -- so i recommend filing a bug with google , hopefully it will be fixed in the future .
well , now it seems to do it when your display language is hebrew , but not when it is english . almost there .
i do not see anything in the settings for the default browser on my phone ( droid , android 2.2.1 ) . you are almost certainly going to need to try an alternative browser . i do not know if any of them offer that functionality either , though .
if you install a alternate launcher , the first thing you will see is a difference in how the home screen , widgets , ( maybe lockscreen if it has support for that ) , and the app drawer appears and works . afaik that is the only changes you will see from changing the launcher regardless of what rom you use . but one thing 's for sure - depending on which rom you get , the experience will change very little or a lot .
each launcher has its own default appearance which will vary . unless you tell the third party launcher to import you stock launcher settings and icons it will not have any customizations and you will need to set up the screens yourself . the look and feel of each launcher will vary greatly . i use nova launcher on my s4 since i despise the stock samsung launcher . the screen transitions , default layout , and many other options are customizable with a 3rd party launcher that you do not get with stock . so , the experience can vary greatly depending on the settings you change in the chosen launcher . nova has many settings i did not bother to change but the ones i did change make a huge difference in the interface and experience from the samsung touchwiz launcher . you should not lose any benefits of a rom by using a 3rd party launcher but you may not need the third party launcher depending on the rom . one feature of many 3rd party launchers is the ability to backup and restore your home screens . for this reason alone they are worth it . particularly if you like to flash roms frequently . it can save a significant amount of time and agony if you do not have to reset all your home screens after each flash .
check your phone if you have selected a default action when you plug in your phone . if memory serves , it connects in " charge-only " mode by default , and pops a menu for selection . if you have already chosen a default action , go to `settings-> connect to pc " and change the default . you will need to choose " htc sync " mode or somesuch .
you could get a mic/speaker splitter cable , which separates the input and output of the phone 's jack into separate jacks for mic and speakers . then use the mic port to run a separate microphone to your dash or steering wheel column .
i have a samsung galaxy s4 , but see if you can find something similar to this : Settings &gt; My device &gt; Sound &gt; Touch sounds .
afaik the different partitions are identified by their ordering on the sd card . therefore the standard fat32 partition comes first , followed by the app/data partition ( usually ext3 or ext4 ) . sometimes a swap partition follows as third partition . if you use the same partition pattern ( number of partitions and partition types ) on the new sd-card there should be no problem . the partition sizes should not play a role - as long as you do not reduce the size . just partition the sd-card , format the partitions and copy your data from your old sd-card over to the new .
found the answer via this site : http://www.grc.com/cookies/forensics.htm third-party cookies are accepted by the standard browser and also by firefox .
from mybookofknowledge : go to your dial pad and select the settings options . under the other call settings , you can see the option Dial pad autocomplete . enable this option and now you can see suggestions when you dial a phone number . note : make sure you are using the stock dialer .
as far as i can see , there is no software limitation , and google 's page on it says nothing about that ( https://support.google.com/nexus/answer/2812516?hl=enref_topic=3416342 ) . however , your phone 's hardware may not be able to support that , for instance my nexus 4 gets very hot with only one computer connected , and it will also be slow as all connections have to be routed using the phones limited processing power .
if your phone is rooted , it is possible to do this by modifying system files that govern the keyboard . a much easier ( and safer ) way would be installing a 3rd-party keyboard replacement app that has a french qwerty layout . out of keyboards i have personally used , i can recommend anysoftkeyboard with french language pack . it includes both azerty and qwerty ( french-canadian ) layouts .
the default kernel ( dark core ) is derived from the voodoo kernels , but the lagfix is disabled by default . for example , the v9.5 description on xda has the following note : new kernel > > dark core v1.0 inside ! i9000 , i9000m , i9000t only ( cappy users choose speedmod or skip kernel ) customized and built by ficeto [ team darky dev crew ] based on supercurio’s latest voodoo sound 6 , lagfix and color - thanks a ton , mr . supercurio if you install on top of a kernel with voodoo enabled already then you should be fine ( and i do not believe it will disable it , but you can re-enable if it does ) . there are a handful of threads on the darky forums that talk about some of the nuances to this , but here are a couple : the quick start guide - recurrent questions ( the " recommendations prior to flashing a rom " section talks about lagfixes ) . activate lagfix in 9.2 ? what is a lagfix and how to enable or disable it ( this one is kind of goofy but still helpful )
you should always disable/remove voodoo before installing a new rom except when the rom in question includes voodoo as the default . iit appears that darky 's rom includes a custom kernel that includes voodoo , meaning you do not have to disable it : if you have a dark_core / voodoo kernel installed with lagfixes enabled and you are or v10.1 ( upgrade through cwm , not odin ) then it is recommended that you do not disable your lagfixes . and you will save a lot of time ( dark_core and voodoo kernels are from the same family )
well , the one click root method requires windows . you could try running a windows vm in ubuntu ? but you can also do it manually .
i have a t-mobile g1 running 1.6-donut . i rooted it this weekend from my ubuntu laptop . here 's what i did : install terminal emulator from the marketplace ( i did not end up using it , but it is good to have ) installed the android sdk on my laptop ( actually , i installed it six months ago , but that is not the point , is it ? ) downloaded universal androot from this xda forum : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=747598 used adb install to install the universalandroot . apk -- the command will be something like adb install /home/amanda/Downloads/UniversalAndroot_1.6.1.apk ran universal androot on my phone once it was installed . rebooted my phone then i had root . i installed the busybox installer from the marketplace ( note : there is a $0 version but donating is nice , too ) and used that to install busybox . note that i was not able to install busybox ( you install the installer from the marketplace , but then you use that app to install busybox itself ) until i would not only unmounted my phone from my laptop but actually pulled the cable . my phone did not want to re-mount the sd card with the cable in . ps . the relative " fanciness " of a proprietary os is debatable but also offtopic .
not a complete answer , but some background information : your device can have more than 1 location provider , e.g. one based on gps and one based on which mobile phone towers it can see . android does not have a one single last known position . each location provider has its own last known position . a location has additional metrics , like accuracy , when it was recorded , what was recorded ( e . g . does it have an altitude component etc ) so it depends on which location provider the app uses and that can depend on or even change based on dynamic parameters . e.g. on start-up it could ask android for the fastest location provider to get going and then switch to the most accurate one to gradually get a better fix .
it is my understanding that android uses coarse and fine grained type location updates and these updates can have different quality metrics too . it could be that the google maps application did not have gps and wifi signal long enough at your new location to be a high enough quality to be the last know location . the developer docs at http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/location/obtaining-user-location.html give some example models for obtaining user locations that might give some insight to how it works . but i would guess google maps , and probably other maps , do their own thing .
sounds like an error in the carrier 's customizations . if you can find a setting ( in the browser 's settings ) for ' home page ' or the like , you might be able to work around it by changing it to go to a different page of your choice , or doing some other action when it starts . otherwise , you might have to just report it to the carrier and wait for an update .
how to fix : in action bar press and hold browser button to open menu delete browser shortcut press "+" and add application -> internet press and hold internet in the action bar change the icon with default browser icon
perhaps , during the build of the rom for said device , some one mis-spelled google . com in the preconfiguring stage of certain apps before mass flashing of devices prior to leaving the factory .
no , i think go launcher is responsible for this . this has started happening since last update of go launcher . it forcefully downloads ucbrowser .
do you use go launcher ? i do and if started happening to me after a recent update . it coincided with go trying to get me to download their company 's browser with a pop up . i am guessing it is not a coincidence . i have since removed go and it has not happened again . chalk it up to shady marketing .
thanks ! i had the same problem , and was also using go launcher . after uninstalling go , this highly irritating feature disappeared .
this also happened to me on both of my phones . two different phone manufacturers and two different carriers . was running go launcher on both . browser worked just fine with touch wiz and sense . i was able to fix it by deleting the internet icon from my dock and adding it back from my app drawer . hope this helped
no . once it is factory-reset or even flashed , the android device manager is no longer able to find it . background : android device manager uses your google account to communicate with the device . moreover , you have to explicitly enable it on the device . once factory-reset / wiped / flashed , all that is gone .
i think the sgs2 has a newer version of touchwiz than my original sgs vibrant , but hopefully you can still customize those icons . i do not have my phone on me but i believe t the process is : open the app drawer press the menu button select " view type " choose " customizable grid " press the menu button again choose " edit " exit the app drawer ( return to the home screen ) you can now drag icons off the dock and drag new ones on
your best bet would be to go with either launcherpro : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.fede.launcher my personal favorite , or adw : https://market.android.com/details?id=org.adw.launcher both provide customization to the dock ( set of icons at the bottom ) , number of homescreens , transitions , app drawer effects , as well as custom themes and widgets . note : there are free versions of both , but the paid versions add more features . while you can cover up some of what samsung has done , things like the notification bar and lockscreen are not affected by these apps . in some cases rooting and/or installing custom roms would be required to manipulate them .
so far only honeycomb is a tablet-only version . other versions are used on phones , tablets and other devices ( tvs , android-x86 etc . ) .
while there are tablets that were able to munge other versions of android to be used on a tablet form factor , only honeycomb ( android 3 . x ) was designed specifically for tablets . ( and , because of some of the kludgey wizardry they needed to do for that , they have not released the source code for honeycomb . ) ice cream sandwich merged the phone-only and tablet-only codebases .
it is funny you ask this since gmail just came out today with functionality that allows for different ringtones to be set for different labels ( using custom label notifications . ) this might not be perfect since you would need to specify a label per contact to make it work , but it could serve your needs .
update.zip are never touched by android . inside that archive is a script that is parsed and interpreted by the recovery runtime . the recovery , at execution , opens the archive by unzipping into a temporary directory , reads the script , aptly named update-script , analyzes it , and based on the syntax , executes a function known to recovery , that function may do the following , to name but a few : mount /system and other filesystems , and perform read/write file operations including , copying the kernel , or , an apk or even formatting a partition etc check the build.prop for certain properties , such as device , manufacturer , etc print display to the screen , progress information etc it is pretty much a de-facto standard incorporated into android open source project ( aosp ) clockworkmod , twrp are derivatives of the barebones version that resides in aosp with additional enhancements , such as touchscreen input .
i do not know of an app that can do that , but it would be easy enough to write one if you already know java . you can get started with programming android by reading the guides and documentation on the official site for android developers . do remember that once you have started programming , you should ask questions about that on our sister site stack overflow , which has a lively community of android programmers . this site is for questions written from a user 's point-of-view only .
you can also write a script shell for android . you just need an app like script manager that can run your script periodically . you can read value from the kernel like on a " vanilla " linux : the actual battery capacity is stored in /sys/class/power_supply/battery/capacity .
there is a tool on google play called batman , which collects battery status information in the background and stores it into a csv file on sdcard . that done , you could use sync tools like e.g. foldersync to have the file uploaded to your linux machine in regular intervals , where you can have it processed by any tool you prefer . another variant ( a little more tricky ) could be using tasker to create the data : tasker offers the variable %BATT to give the current battery level in percent . it also supports things like http_post , so you could have tasker post the current battery level in fixed intervals , and let your server do the rest ( see the tasker userguide for details ) . note : tasker does not come for free , it is about 5 bucks . but you can download a free 7-day trial at the homepage for testing .
the short answer is that it is different for each phone . there is no generic " install android " procedure for two reasons : unlike on a pc , where the windows installer or debian installer has drivers to access ( almost ) any pc hardware , in embedded devices each model needs a rom image specific to that combination of hardware . the first part of any installation procedure is to download or compile a rom image for the device you are going to install it on . the steps to follow to install the rom are different for each device . different devices have the internal storage configured and partitioned differently . some manufacturers may use their own tool in place of fastboot . and of course some hardware might require special measures to access it , such as changing jumpers on the board , or connecting to special pins not normally accessible . most devices do not need anything so extreme , but even in the easy cases it is important to get all the command parameters correct . manufacturers do not have a problem with this because each production line only needs to flash one kind of device . they do not actually have someone sitting there typing fastboot commands over and over again : they use special-purpose hardware and software to flash many devices as quickly as possible . only those who design the production line or work in the factory know exactly what steps they take to initialize each device .
what abaout http://www.appbrain.com/app/andar-model-viewer/edu.dhbw.andarmodelviewer also http://www.appbrain.com/app/model-loader-3d-lite/com.okean.modelloader3dlite this was let me appbrain search for you http://www.appbrain.com/search?q=3d+model
if you are not rooted , you have to do factory data reset to change your primary gmail acccount . ( settings > privacy > factory data reset . ) if you are rooted then you can use a file manager program to rename /data/system/accounts . db file and restart the phone . you can find the detail steps with illustration here .
making text encoding the default behaviour for the stock android email app is not possible . you can use k9mail instead . this question is already answered here . stackexchange-url
the dalvik vm is not providing a security boundary , but the kernel is providing a security boundary in terms of the process the vm runs in . that is why , for example , it is no big deal for an android application to run native code , which ( more or less ) by definition runs outside the vm . it is still in the process , and the kernel ensures that the process is not going to be able to harm other applications , whether the process is running code within the vm or not .
in android , every application runs as a separate user . in the linux kernel , each process is owned by a single user , therefore it is not possible to run multiple dalvik applications on a single linux process . the overhead of running multiple dalvik vm instance is lightweight because linux fork() system call is copy-on-write , a write to a shared cow page will cause a " page fault " and that page will be copied ; so even though most of the vm 's memory region in the ram is shared there are no " shared state " between vms . forking processes provides only state isolation , but not privilege isolation . dalvik vm should not be considered a security boundary that is because the vm cannot enforce a security boundary . the vm is running on user mode ( the same mode as the program it is executing ) , which means a bug in the vm might allow the application to modify vm state in a way that is not intended ; the kernel , however , runs in privileged mode and can enforce security boundary .
each dalvikvm process runs under a sand-boxed environment owned by the user id ( uid ) of the application running , it should be noted that upon installation of the application , the uid is allocated and assigned to each installed application . the net result is that each running application cannot trample another 's process due to the different uid assigned , that grants the protection for the running apps . another way of looking at it is this - had there being one common uid for all applications , then a malicious application can really cause havoc , be peering into one 's settings , override , intercept another application 's running code and do all sorts of bad things tm to that application .
camera360 ultimate works fine for me . just , make sure to check " record gps information " from settings ~> preferences .
the shv-160k is a version of the phone only made for the south korean market . it works in the us , but only on gsm , not 3g or lte , because the us cell networks use different frequencies to south korea . ( the western half of s america uses the same frequencies as the us . ) this tells me that it should work as a 2g phone for you , but perhaps there is no gsm coverage where you are , only lte ? in that case , you are screwed and you should sell your phone to a korean on ebay .
tap the gesture button to bring gesture drawing screen . on this screen , you can find a gear icon in bottom-right corner . tap it and you will find 1st option on next screen for changing position .
on the nexus 7 it is similarly hidden , you select the gear gesture settings scroll to bottom &lt ; -- change entry location select from ( left , right , hidden ) enjoy :- )
i use airdroid . it works pretty well for most things like sending messages , transferring files and calling , and you do not have to plug your device into your pc .
the issue is solved . afaicu , there was possibly a problem with android update hosting site or somewhere on a trace to it , because the device was connected to and was capable of browsing internet without a problem , including google.com. after some time , even without updating the progress indicator , the device displayed Install &amp; Reboot button . after this all goes well . so , the answers are : android provides cumulative update to 4.4.2 , at least for nexus 7 ( 2013 ) . android should improve the way how it shows status information . if it encounters some problems with downloading an update , it should output something like " connection timeout , trying to reconnect . . . " instead of just " downloading " all the time . also the progress indicator may have a bug preventing it from proper ui update in similar sitations .
you might be able to use a qemu based app like the one from motioncoding , but i can not see it running on anything other than very high end android devices . even then , i doubt a vm will work very well . . .
clear dalvik-cache , and you are done .
some vendors set up their phones to reinstall system applications at boot in case they go missing . try finding a directory that contains a copy of the apk that is used to reinstall it , and delete it from there . a simple alternative solution is to freeze the unwanted apps rather than uninstalling them . titanium backup and link2sd can help you with that ( both require root ) . in ics+ , there is also a user-accessible mechanism to deactivate apps from the settings menu .
sounds like you are stuck in a bootloop . if you backed up your phone before you flashed the release , reflash that image . if not . . . well try reflashing the rom release . if this still does not work , flash an older version of cyanogenmod , or your phones stock , factory rom .
it is a bug with openvpn connect , apparently : you are absolutely right -- server-pushed keepalive parameters ( ping , ping-restart ) are being ignored in 1.1.12 and earlier . will be fixed in next release . thanks , james by using openvpn for android ( alternative ) , i can connect properly .
hmm the only thing i can think of would be to get clockwork or something similar and format the space and reflash the rom .
only chinese tablet eben t6 or t7 provide a better solution of wacom s pen , samsung has no development of wacom pen pressure tuning at all and make it no much different from a capasitive pen
a simple search on the play store gave no results for such a game . if it actually does exist on android , it may not be compatible with your device and therefore will not show up in your play store search results . only apps that are compatible with your device are shown . is not world of tanks a computer game ? note that not all high end desktop and console games are on android . edit : as the best answer explains , this game is not available on android . that means that my answer is irrelevant . however , if you ever have a similar issue in the future , this may still come in useful .
according to the game 's official website , it is available " exclusively on iphone , ipad , and ipod touch " . the developer has chosen not to release an android version . they may do so at a later date . often with mobile games , the developer will release on one platform first ( usually whichever they are most familiar with ) to test how much of a market there is for the game , before porting it to the other platform .
afaik the nook tablet doesnt have 3g support . so country specific problems are not applicable . you can use wifi wherever you want . with the kindle app or another app that supports . mobi it is possible . otherwise you can use a program like calibre in your pc to convert them to epub .
on all my android devices ( 3 htc phones and an asus transformer ) , if you sign off gtalk manually ( gtalk/menu/exit ) , gtalk does not reconnect again until you do it manually .
you do not " unroot " per se with odin ; you just flash a stock , unrooted rom that wipes out everything currently on the phone . it should not matter whether you use odin or heimdall . note also that unrooting will not matter if you have flashed anything with odin , since that also voids your warranty and is recorded on the device .
you cannot just install cyanogenmod on any rooted device . it has to be one of the supported devices . there a lot of differences between builds of android and cyanogenmod for each device . they have different chipsets , gps , cameras , etc . they are always looking for other people to help support new devices though .
we are working on superosr , discussion here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?p=18609103#post18609103 a full list of cyanogen and other alternatives here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1698206 all chacha roms seem to have some bugs but otherwise quite stable . you could also take the latest official rom and remove stuff you do not use . there are some already prepared , but you can also do such modifications yourself . make sure to learn to use backup and restore before you start : )
open the google-maps application . select an area you want to save the map for . once the red pin appears you will have the street name at the bottom of the screen and the ' route ' icon . swipe this white box upwards . one of the options is Save map to use offline
to download maps offline in google maps 7 and 8 , adjust specific area of maps you wanna save offline on your screen and then type " ok maps " in the search box and press enter .
if its connected to your computer and the usb connection mode is " mass storage " , the sd card cannot be used by the phone . you may like to change the connection mode by pulling the notification bar from top and selecting " charge only " so that it does not mounts the sd card and it remains usable by the phone while it is connected to pc .
try inserting another sd card and see if the problem continues . else , copy all the data fro , the sd card onto your pc . then , format the sd card and see if the phone recognizes it . if it does , copy back the data . also toggle the usb debugging mode - android settings > applications > development and see if it helps .
i would say it is expected behavior . i mean , the big " delete " button in the gmail web app tosses the whole conversation to the dust bin . you have to dig a little deeper on the individual message to delete it out of the conversation . ( also , unlike the web app there is no option to view individual messages like a classical e-mail client . ) by the way , have you downloaded the latest gmail app from the market ? there are quite a number of significant improvements over the stock app .
i use an app called instant heart rate which uses the phone 's camera to measure your pulse .
there are options that may let you use a standard ant+ heart rate belt so you can easaly get continuas recording while exercising . you either need a phone with built in ant support which is mainly some of the sony xperias but not all . or with a modern phone you can use a usb ant stick i have some details about this on my website .
i have not tried any of these but android heart monitor sounds like it could be the sort of thing you are after ? then there is also endomondo sports tracker which is apparently compatible with the polar wearlink heart rate monitor ( more at endomondo . com ) . and also sports track live which is apparently compatible with zephyr hxm , bioharness and polar wearlink . obviously with all of these even if the software 's free you still need to buy the heart rate monitor itself .
what is my heart rate this app is slightly different from the rest in the market . it does not require you to pressed on camera lens . hence , you will not dirty your camera lens . the product description is as follow . measure your heart rate by just looking at your screen . easy and convenient without needed to finger press on your camera lens . your heartbeat causes micro color changes on your face . our software uses front camera and advanced software algorithm to detect these micro changes , with beat-to-beat accuracy . the algorithm is built based on realiable non-contact photoplethysmography concept ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/photoplethysmograph ) . this breakthrough technology allows you to measure your heart rate in an easy and unobtrusive way . it is using computer vision technology . hence , its result is more sensitive to environment lighting , and face motion . i cannot comment much on its accuracy , as no further detailed data being published . but i can see there is different in my heartbeat reading , before and after sports . here is one of the screenshot pick from the product site .
assuming you already have the exchange account added on your phone , if you go to contacts , and search for a name , it should bring up directory results . make sure you hit the search or enter button on the keyboard .
i updated my phone to motorola system version 2.3.340 and it took care of this issue . steps to update : press the menu button from the home screen . touch `settings` touch `about phone` touch `system updates`
i did some research and was not able to find any way to do this on a stock device . however here is a link for you root users that allows you to remove the stock emoticons and replace them with standard ones , i am sure it will let you do other emoticons as well .
cat is a very bad idea here . if you really want to make a backup on partition level , rather take a look at dd . what you probably want to do is something like dd if=/dev/mtd/mtd0 of=/sdcard/mtd0.image  for more details , you might want to consult the dd man page . remark : i am not sure whether the dd shipped with android supports the full list of options , so you might have to try out .
thing is , if a manufacturer would decide bringing a new phone on the market with such an old system , he had get no license to pre-install any google apps . either your device runs an up-to-date android version ( i do not remember the details completely on what is counted here as " up-to-date " , whether it were the latest two versions , or a version " not older than x months " – but froyo is definitely out , as is gingerbread , and imho even ics ) – or no google apps . as a device without google play pre-installed is not that big selling hit for most people , manufacturers want the gapps shipping with their device . that does not leave much choice . so it is pretty unlikely you will find a device with up-to-date hardware running froyo or gingerbread . this does not keep modders from " skinning " the look-and-feel , sure . and many things can modified that way . though i have never heard/read from any modification in this direction , you might find some " rom kitchen " or the like offering it .
have a look at go locker . it provides you with custom lock screens that can be themed . cant remember if compatible with tablets though .
what i use is clipper+ ( free , on the market ) which provides snippets for reusable fragments like email addresses . it also stores everything you put on the clipboard , as ditto does on windows , which is very useful , too .
you can use copipe . with this you can save some items , and can access it from your notification bar . just click on item , it will be copied . you just need to paste it wherever you want .
ad-hoc mode used to be supported in the cyanogen roms , it is not in the stock images afaik . depending on your application , you might use wifi direct but i think it is a different api ( rather than just behaving like an ethernet segment ) and it does not cover all the uses cases that ad-hoc does .
wifi direct is not wifi in ad hoc mode . wifi direct ( p2p ) is build over soft acces point and make one of the device as " mediator " ( call group owner ) . i had the same issue for one of my dev . wifi direct is very interesting for dev betwenn many device without acces point but it still a application client/server
while you can solve the ad-hoc wifi connection issue , i think your bigger problem is on the application level . all standard messaging applications do use some sort of a server to send the messages . without the internet access you would have to set up your own server and at this point the ad-hoc wifi issue becomes a moot point - you will still need some infrastructure ( the server ) to be able to send the messages - why not the wifi access point then ?
ad-hoc is not natively supported by android . but starting with android 4.0 ( ice cream sandwich ) , a new feature called wifi direct was introduced : wi-fi direct , previously known as wi-fi p2p , is a standard that allows wi-fi devices to connect to each other without the need for a wireless access point . this allows wi-fi direct devices to directly transfer data between each other with greatly reduced setup . ( source : wikipedia ) support for wi-fi direct lets users connect directly to nearby peer devices over wi-fi , for more reliable , higher-speed communication . no internet connection or tethering is needed . through third-party apps , users can connect to compatible devices to take advantage of new features such as instant sharing of files , photos , or other media ; streaming video or audio from another device ; or connecting to compatible printers or other devices . ( source : android . com ) to me , this looks like what you are asking for : directly connecting two android devices via wifi without the need of a " mediator " .
make a backup uninstall the amazon copy install btep from the play store open titanium backup and select your btep backup . as long as the app is installed at the time , it will give you the option to restore data only :
root will not be necessary , the android api allows apps to set the output file format to . mp4 . so you just need to find an app that makes use of it . but , as with most video file extensions , .avi and .mp4 are just container formats . therefore the actually used video codec , that is responsible for the quality of the video , is not changed by changing the container format . the android api itself recommends to use .3gp as container format for better compatibility . using an mpeg-4 container format may confuse some desktop players . source i am not aware of an android video recording app that actually saves the video with h . 264/avc compression . i think that this is because of the royalty fee one has to pay to use the codec .
in android you can create a shortcut to do that : long press on home screen , a menu will pop up with title " add to home" ; from there choose " shortcut " -> " person" ; choose the person you want and then select the default action like call or message . for you it will be call . you will see the icon of that person on the home screen upon pressing which will make the call to that person .
i do not think this line of thinking would work . the opera mini experience is built on the premise of the client being able to connect to opera 's rendering server farms and having a web page that is optimised for mobile view being sent to your phone/device after being compressed in order to save data network costs . i do not think modifying your hosts file would work on opera mini - mobile and your default browser - yes , because they connect directly from your phone to the page you are trying to view .
you can clear the preferred program from " settings > applications > manage applications > last . fm > clear defaults " then the next time you launch the voice action , you had be prompted with a list of players , click on the " make default " then on your new preferred application .
i believe if you uninstall the last . fm app , then use the voice action " listen to . . " , a pop up should show asking which of the default players listed here , will show up and be used . if however , you had prefer the default in-built player to play , use listen to or the app choice dialer , available in both free and paid versions in the market .
one of the problems you may face yourself with is that certain services that run in the background ( tasker , google location services , etc ) may quit unexpectedly . other than that , i think that there are no other problem with limiting background apps . edit : what you selected makes it impossible for apps like i mentioned above to stop working . it will not be possible for gmail , for example , to update you on your received emails .
setting this option forces android to stop each process as soon as it is empty ( that is , when no services are started and no activities are on screen for that app ) . to be clear : this option will not stop apps that would normally run in the background from doing so . your mail client will still run periodically to check mail , if it is configured to do that . apps that use google cloud messaging to receive push messages from internet servers ( such as gmail and facebook ) will still be able to do so . the option would be better named " cached background process limit " , since it limits apps that would otherwise show up with that label in the apps manager . next time each app needs to start , android has to load the app from storage , from scratch . this uses more power and takes longer than running it again when the process was in memory . this does not just mean when you start an activity from that app deliberately ; it also means the email client has to be loaded afresh each time it wants to check email . over time this can build up to a huge battery drain . because this is a development option , it can also trigger rare bugs in certain apps , and those apps ' developers may not be keen to fix them . one example is that , on nexus devices running 4.2.2 , when this option is on , the in-built calendar app will keep restarting itself with this option set , because stopping the cached background process causes the calendar 's content provider to be removed , which causes a loop of services restarting each other to check for calendar updates . if this happens , the loop will run down your battery very quickly .
you connect device to computer running samsung kies and do the damage with official gingerbread all settings and databases will be lost or erased , so take care to make backup ( if you know how to root then with titanium is best ) there is aftermarket ice cream sandwich in development http://forum.xda-developers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=807
if u have the samsung galaxy tab p1010 ( wifi only ) i found a firmware update to gingerbread 2.3.6 released in uk . im in south africa i installed in on my tab it worked perfect problems . but one thing if u do this u will lose ur warrenty well atleast i was told i would but hey it worked perfect . . . and till now there hasnt been a update in south africa so i did it . http://www.sammobile.com/ register and login click firmware type-tablet os-android model-pick ur model if listed as i said i picked a uk release
workaround - use google docs via a browser , and bookmark that page .
well , for the moment i am not coming up with any solution , so i have up and bought chromemarks . i went for the pay version because i really wanted to manipulate the bookmarks on the device . if you just need to see them on the device , then the free version ( chromemarks lite ) does a fine job . i have no idea what the real problem was , but it was worth $1.99 to me to have it solved immediately ( especially since the browser 's built-in bookmarks can not be viewed in any kind of list mode - just the icon view ) .
go to samfirmware get your original firmware from there and keep the selected file in pda option in odin . do not tick any other option ; just put your handset into ' download mode ' and connect it to pc . when odin displays ' connect ' , click on ' start ' and wait until it starts flashing then ; you will be able to use your phone .
i have used dolphin hd for some time now , but every time i try to compare its features with dolphin mini i get frustrated , there is no clear documentation everywhere . that said , dolphin mini is a version of the browser that is optimized for velocity and reduced resources use , so i came to the conclusion that dolphin hd is the right path to go if you have a terminal with decent resources ( 700mhz o more powerfull processor , 512mb of ram or more , 800x400 resolution , etc . . . . ) while the mini version is here to that ones that do not have this kind of terminals or that prefer a more faster browser even at the cost of missing some features . so with the two versions being free i choose dolphin hd if the terminal is powerfull enough to allow you to maintain 3 or more tabs open an user flash .
i was using dolphin hd for a while , but a lack of room on my internal storage forced me to swap to dolphin mini as it has a much smaller install size . i only use the browser for light browsing to a few regular sites , but i have not found anything that i can not do in dolphin mini . in my experience you might not miss out on anything if you use mini instead of hd .
google docs is a noteworthy difference . in short it seems that certain , small add-ons are hard-coded into the mini-version . the goal is to keep it simple and small - but it lacks the full add-on-featurabilty of dolphin . this difference makes mini less flexible , but smaller .
in the context of android , more ram means android can keep more sleeping program in the ram so they will be ready to be quickly resumed when you return back to the apps . more ram means android is going to spend less of its time killing and reloading apps from the internal memory/sd card , and instead spend more time doing actual work you care about . this means that more ram usually give you better/faster task-switching . also , more ram means your homescreen is less likely to be killed ; and you will not experience that 10-second-wait-that-feels-like-forever . having more ram also allows you to run complex apps that naturally requires a lot of memory , e.g. photo/video editor , complex games , etc . a higher cpu is able to calculate things much faster , while this might look tempting at first , it is notable that most programs -- except for games and synthetic benchmark and possibly flash-heavy webpages -- are i/o-bound and not cpu-bound ; in other word , most programs are waiting for network transmission , flash storage reads , dma reads , touch event processing , etc to finish , instead of waiting for some calculations . in cpu-bound application , increasing cpu speed can mean less latency between touching the screen and the screen updating to reflect the touch event . however , up to a certain point , there will be no longer any noticeable benefit of adding even more cpu ; beyond a certain point , the input turnaround will be much faster than our own brain 's turnaround time ( approx . 100-200ms ) and we will not be able to perceive the benefit of adding even faster cpu . also , note that input-to-output turnaround time depends on a large number of other factors , e.g. the latency of the cables , speed of the bus , etc . second , having some extra cpu time to spare also means that android can assign those spare cpu cycles to background processes , so background processes can run better . summary more ram : better task-switching can run more complicated apps or open larger/more complex files more cpu : faster turnaround between input and response ( less lag ) on cpu-bound apps better background processing in short , both are equally important ; your own personal usage pattern will determine which is more valuable for you . if you generally stays in a single program and is sensitive to input-to-output latency then having faster cpu will be more valuable for you ; if you constantly task switch between many different apps or if you need to run complex memory-hungry apps to open complex large files , then having extra ram is going to be more valuable to you .
in a phone most of the programs you will use are thinks like email , im , web browser , … this kind of apps does not need a powerful cpu , but given the fact that you will be using an android phone you will be running multiple applications at the same time which needs some extra cpu time , but more importantly , needs enough ram memory to accommodate all the applications . so , more than one or the other , the important thing in and android phone balance . with a 2ghz cpu and 512mb of ram you will be wasting cpu power because the phone will not have enough memory to accommodate sufficient applications to consume that amount of cpu cycles . the same occurs with a 500mhz cpu and 2gb or ram , the processor will not have enough cycles to execute enough applications to consume that amount of ram . so balance is the thing to consider . a cpu at 1ghz with 512 to 1gb of ram is a great combination . the same goes for a 600mhz with 256mb to 512mb ( a little underpowered for recent versions of andorid ) , or for a new two cores 1ghz cpu with 712mb or more of ram . given this considerations my recommendation will be to search for a phone with a 1ghz or more cpu and 1gb or more of ram , this phone will be powerful enough to run all the applications you will need in the next 2 years that is the maximum period of time you will be using the phone giving the evolution rate of the mobile technology .
well this is very subjective , because it depends what you are doing . first of all , true multitasking ( having multiple apps run ) requires a faster cpu , so that all the processes can run at a decent speed . you are right that for all these apps to remain in memory , you need more ram . i have 512 mb ram , and my processes only start getting killed if i run something that uses a ton like angry birds . on the other hand i have a 1 ghz processor and i never notice slowdowns regardless of what i am doing ( apart from angry birds bogging itself down during long plays ) . if you are doing email , twitter , facebook , web , etc . then you probably want more ram . if you want to play games then you need a decent amount of ram , but the processor and graphics chip is going to be more important . in general . another important consideration is i/o speed . if you have a samsung phone that uses rfs , install an ext4 lagfix &mdash ; you will notice a huge improvement . if you are recording hd video you may want a faster sd card ( we have questions about that ) , and so on . storage size is largely unrelated to performance , but you will want to consider that as well . many users kick themselves after installing a few apps and finding that they have run out of space . i highly recommend a device like my vibrant , which has an excessive 2 gb internal ( system+data ) storage ( and 14 gb internal sd , plus the external sd card ) .
it is actually the memory bandwidth that is most limiting . secondly , a good balance in specs , including ram size , processor speed and parallelism .
most of us are experiencing the same issue , sometimes in home there is no packet data , only city areas we are having great connectivity , this is because of heavy network traffic , load on serves which they are not able to transfer to another base station , if you observe carefully at peak hours your network will be down as between 6 to 10 . . . it is not device fault it is most probably service provider/mobile company 's fault and indian govt . . due to poor devices/setup less satellites for telecommunication and more number of peoples in one network
it is not your device problem , it is airtel 's problem . airtel . in website was on off because of server down . and the problem you are facing is very common , as i am also suffering from that and here some more . i would suggest you to disable your data connection whenever your network circle is changing . like while you are travelling . but the solution of this problem is nowhere and can be solved by airtel only . fyi : i have a vodafone sim too and it is working perfectly .
use wifi tether app to create wi-fi hotspot . it features access control using which you can allow/ deny clients to use mobile data .
i did a quick search for " server " on the android marketplace , and most of the results seem to be basic file servers , web servers and ftp servers . these will help with sharing files , using your android device to store the files , but probably not much else . here is one that i found that supports upnp ( universal plug n ' play ) , and dlna ( digital living network alliance ) , and is designed for images , video and music , and states that xbox 360 and ps3 are supported , although it does not state that you can use it for games on those consoles , and the screenshots do not seem to have anything about games . now i am assuming that nearly all of these apps will require a network to be in place , that is , all devices would be on wi-fi with your router ( your homehub or whatever you use for all your devices to connect to the web , assuming you do not have a separate modem ) , so i do not think that these apps will make your android like a wi-fi hotspot , just a server in the sense of a central machine that stores the data that others use . the actual data connections would be via the router , just all going to/from the android .
yes , gps does need a clear view of the sky . however , that does not mean actual gps implementations have to rely only on gps signal to get its location . most actual gps implementations ( including android ) caches last known location and uses wifi/cell positioning to get position information even when there is no gps signals at all .
i think it may depend on the gps chip/software on the device . i rarely was ever able to get a lock if the sky was filled with clouds , and when i am in a city with skyscrapers , my location jumps all over the place . but i have a samsung galaxy s ( vibrant ) and even samsung admitted that there were some issues with the chip/software on the galaxy s devices . even on a clear day , it could take up towards 3 minutes to get a gps lock , and that was after i rooted and tweaked the gps settings , before that , it would take 5 - 10 and sometimes i would not even get a lock .
gps uses radio frequencies between 1 and 2 ghz ( l1 signal at 1.57542 ghz and l2 signal at 1.2276 ghz ) . these have to get through for gps to work , which is not the same as visibility . for example , my gps ( garmin etrex legend hcx ) gets a fix on the top floor of the house , below the roof made of tiles , insulation and drywall . it does not get a fix on lower floors , where there is too much concrete and steel in between . btw , i had a motorola defy for a while , if i remember correctly it also worked , but had a much lower precision , sometimes it was hundreds of meters off .
yes , it should be possible . if your android phone is rooted , just use a root explorer and inspect the app 's data under /data/data/ [ com . your . vpn . app 's . name ] use " adb backup " ( win/linux app here ) and extract it with adbextractor use helium ( an adb backup frontend ) , it produces the same backup type that is extractable with adbextractor like above . you can determine your apps internal name by finding it on google play and looking at the the url : e.g. , openvpn for android has de . blinkt . openvpn as internal name
i could think off two possible alerting devices like : a bluetooth enabled watch - which when paired with the phone can display incoming call alerts and can even vibrate . being a watch on our hand its vibrations can not go unnoticed . casio has one ; amazon has few bracelets ; sony 's liveview are few options . to wear a bluetooth headset always so that the ring can be heard . if that looks like working for fbi : ) there are jewel kind of bt devices like this one .
free methods to unlock samsung galaxy ace are not safe , they may cause permanent damage to the phone . to unlock your phone safely and easily , you can use unlock codes . you can get the unlock code from your service provider or from online vendors like superunlockcodes . com .
yes , as with many of the galaxy devices it appears that the unlock code is actually stored on the device and easily accessible ( as long as you have root access ) . this xda post should guide you through it . note of course that it might not work and you could brick your device by rooting , in addition to voiding the warranty . in my experience the galaxy devices are hard to brick and unlikely to be problematic .
i have done lots of reading and it is possible to unlock the phone for free . but personally not being technically minded i did not feel confident myself , so i sent my phone to a guy on ebay who did the following for a reasonable value : unlocked rooted installed a better rom ( looks like jellybean on the galaxy s2 ) and also , fixed my low memory issues using appstosd .
have you checked whether the network is broadcasting its ssid ? if it is not then your phone will not find it and the network will not appear in the list . you can enter the network details manually by going into the wi-fi settings ( under wireless and network on my 2.1 phone ) , then clicking add wi-fi network ( at the bottom of the wi-fi networks section ) , then entering the network 's ssid . if you are already doing this and the network is not being added , it may be that the router has restricted the client devices that can connect to it . in this case you will have to use a client with an established connection and modify the settings to allow your phone . you can typically add the mac address to a whitelist . you can typically find your phone 's mac address under settings -> about phone -> status -> wi-fi mac address
i use apndroid ( also available in the marketplace for free ) . you can easily turn data on or off with the press of a button . add the apndroid widget to your home screen to easily turn data on or off .
just kill the apn connection settings . somewhere under settings . and there is actually a switch for mobile internet . disable that as well . worked like a charm for me . if you can not find it , add the power savings widget to your home screen , it has that option
if you want to use data some of the time ( sounds like you might if you are running a twitter app ) , i would second jonathan 's plug for apndroid . once you have installed it , longpress on your screen and select " widgets " to place the apndroid widget on your home screen , and you can turn data on and off . the other really handy widget is " power control " which is nominally there to give you control over your power consumption but functionally lets you turn bluetooth , wifi , gps and background syncing on and off . wifi should not be using your minutes at all , though . you should be able to use it instead of the 3g network .
on my galaxy s , you can hold the power button for a second and a menu will come up . just hit " data network mode " to deactivate it . you can reactivate it the same way . if you do not have that , you should be able to go to Settings -&gt; Wireless and network -&gt; Mobile networks and uncheck data enabled or use packet data or similar .
change boot sequence of computer from bios to make hard disk above removable usb media .
probably your mobile is treated as a bootable usb mass storage . pull down the notifications and try disabling usb mass storage in your phone .
resistive touch and capacitive touch will operate the apps the same way , the same way a laser and a mechanical mouse are two different technologies designed to do the same thing for the user . both have their advantages and disadvantages , for instance try using your capacitive iphone screen with gloves or finger nails , it wont work . a capacitive screens are known to be more accurate in general , although some nokia n900 users would argue that point . if you are buying a cheap tablet , i would not expect a resistive screen to be as accurate or responsive as a capacitive screen used on most mainstream models out there . you should be able to pan zoom even if the screen only supported "2 points " multitouch i would not stress about that . all pdf viewers will be compatible its a matter of trying a few out for yourself one by one , probably start with the official adobe pdf reader and go from there , everyone will have different tastes in what they want from a pdf viewer app . keep reading if you are still interested , http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/touchscreen#technologies
its difficult to find the problem without the device . but you can activate the debug mode ( preferences-> applications-> development-> usb-debuging ) then you can start eclipse . open the ddms perspektive and there logcat . perhaps you find there the buggyapp .
okay guys , so after nearly a whole day spent searching for ways to make this work i have finally , finally made it . so here 's what made it work for me . i did everything mentioned in my original post , then i gave up with my google id and made a new us based google account . removed the old google id from my device , did another hard reset and then logged in with my new id . the us play store worked fine for a while with tunnelbear for vpn , but then it went back to my local play store , and then started to crash repeatedly until it refused to open anymore . i was then fed up and put back my old google id and removed the new one that i had just created , and guess what . tada ! it logged me into the us play store without any trouble . no need for vpn or any other fix . it is been working fine since , and fingers crossed it will forever . so , what you have to do is log out of your current google id , log in from another ( new ) one , and then remove the new id and log back in from your old google id . make sure that before logging in with the new id , update all your google wallet and google account details with us address , payment and phone number on your old id . hope this was clear . cheers .
unfortunately you can not do it in google play . but can login to your google account , and there you click on edit next to your email id and here you can see the option to edit information in the country field . now you can change your country whatever you want . but if this will not help you and want to access the playstore apps that have a country restriction , you can use apps like hideman hideman vpn playstore link to access play store apps via their servers at usa and you can actually download them .
i just did this ! /data/property/persist.sys.dalvik.vm.lib is a textfile containing one of two values : ' libart . so ' or ' libdvm . so ' . you can change from art to dalvik simply by editing this file . ex : adb shell ' echo libdvm . so > /data/property/persist . sys . dalvik . vm . lib '
i have just had same prob trying to change get auto capitals back in text . i have found when on text input screen by pressing the cog wheel symbol bottom right of screen and you can select various setting , one is for auto capitals . it drove me mad ' til i found it , reckon i must have hit it by accident sometime . good luck hope this regains a bit of sanity , cheers .
settings > language and keyboard > samsung keypad > auto-capitalization .
unfortunately i do not think there is any way for a user of an app to do that , i am pretty sure it would require the developer to add that extra " intent " as an option to their app before it could appear in that app chooser box . there are apps that specialize in this behaviour though , and should appear as options in the app chooser box for web links : inbrowser is " a fully featured incognito/private browsing experience " , which should appear in that list of browsers and work as an incognito browser . incognito browser " automatically operates in incognito or private browsing mode "
if its on the default apps of your phone , go to google play store and download root explorer , from there , prese the buttons befote the micro sd card simbol , then locate and press app/system apps , find superuser and delete it from the internal phone .
there are a few scenarios that might explain what is going on . superuser app binaries need to be updated open your superuser app and check for any updates to the binaries . the binary is what gives that superuser app the right to grant or deny other apps superuser priviliges . if it is outdated or has been replaced by a different binary , you may need to update it to get it working again . root priviliges denied permanently for the app when an app requests superuser access , a superuser app generally prompts the user to Allow or Deny . usually , it also gives the option to follow the same action temporarily , for a set time , or permanently ( depending on the superuser app you use ) . if you deny an app root privileges permanently , it will likely cause the app to pause when asking the system for root privileges until it times out . check your superuser app to make sure titanium backup is not marked as deny . lack root you may have lost root access ( possibly during an automatic over the air update ) , which would be why the app requesting superuser rights is failing . most superuser apps display a toast or other message anytime an app requests root privileges ( along with whether that request was granted or denied ) . alternate superuser app another superuser app may have been installed to take over requests for sudo access . if you know you have root , check for other superuser apps . they usually have " super " in them , though this is not a guarantee . very slow device on my old phone , there would be times when the cpu was bogged down ( ex right after bootup ) . if i tried to open a root app , it would ask for root rights , then time out before the superuser app could process the request . this usually only happened for an app that caused a prompt to allow or deny , but it still happened on occasion with apps that had been granted access forever .
looking at this which caught my eye : sounds like a botched install of the superuser app in itself . where did you get the app from as matter of curiousity ? thing is , there is two versions of superuser apps and are not interchangeable , its either one app or the other , both mutually exclusive . one by koushik dutta and one by noshufou i would be more inclined to think that this particular one was a mix ' n ' match version . try downloading the " proper " version either on the play store .
there is a rather large number of speaking clock apps in the android marketplace . specifically , the " speaking clock " app seems to do what you are after , and it is free .
to transfer files you can try airdroid . but it is free only when the device are on the same wifi network . access via mobile data is limited to 100 mb/month . for video streaming , you can try emit . the free version puts ads on your stream and you can stream to your phone even when not on the same network , but you will need to mess a bit with ports .
spent the last hour looking for an answer to your question , think i got a solution for you . the app " playto universal " $4.99/us and " cast2tv-pro " $2.99/us , both available from play store will stream directly to the pc from your android . they should work for your " game face cam " . good luck ! !
the screen is glass . since the release people were having issues with the screen due to the glass sometimes cracking when in tight pockets . . . this would usually not occur with plastic since plastic is a little bit more flexible . htc says broken glass means nexus one not for pocket design : solid , but not groundbreaking
i do not think that android supports external bluetooth adapters . from this google+ post it seems like cyanogenmod is adding support for it soon . depending on what device you have you may be able to root and install this . if this is not an option then you would need to provide more details on what device you are trying to use the dongle with .
your local independent phone repair shop or market trader will probably sim-unlock your phone for around a fiver , or you can probably negotiate it as a free service if you are buying something else there . it is not quite free , but if you value your time at all , it is probably cheaper than faffing around trying to do it yourself .
i recently searched for a free a unlock code but all seemed to be a scam . so i ended paying for my unlocking code to unlockcode4u . com which was really quick and worth it ! ! i could have saved lots of time going straight to them .
unlocking your htc one for free may not unlock it permanently . so it would be better to pay someone else who would be able to unlock your phone for affordable rates . i do not have any personal experience in cellunlocker so cannot comment on this . i usually unlock phone with the help of simpleunlocking . com and get free unlocking instructions with the help of mobileunlockguide . com .
absolutely . if you have synced your android device with your google account , your contacts would automatically show up on google / gmail contacts . if all your contacts are saved as " phone contacts " and not " google contacts " , however , they will not be synced . you need to export the phone contacts and then import them into google contacts . it might be helpful if you adjusted your settings from within the contacts app to automatically save new contacts as google contacts instead of phone contacts .
press the Volume Down and Power buttons at the same time and hold them for a second or so ( this is the vanilla behavior , at least ; source ) . by default on my device it will save to /sdcard/Pictures/Screenshots ( or whatever your equivalent " external storage " path is , i assume ) .
on your phone . you can install firefox if you not already have it . then open firefox and install this extension named https everywhere . it forces every site to load in https if it has https capability . it includes youtube in its list , so it may solve your problem for using youtube in https mode on your android .
google chrome application for android the google chrome application for android comes with some sync features as to allow users to keep their web-experience mirrored to other devices or desktop computers . you need to be signed in on the services screen : if you are not on the sign-in services screen , touch menu > settings > your email address to manage your sign-in options . you can adjust your sync settings from the services screen : touch sync to adjust your settings . you can either set the sync to affect all data or specify each data is intend to be synced : enable the service : use the blue slider at the top of the screen to enable or disable the service . define what is to be synced : if you do not want to sync everything , deselect the sync everything checkbox and choose the data you had like to sync . encrypt your data : touch encryption to choose whether to use your google account password or a custom passphrase to protect your data . rest the sync service : touch reset sync to remove synced data from your account . if you have forgotten your sync passphrase , use this option to reset the passphrase . note : to fully take advantage of this feature , make sure you are signed in to chrome on other devices , such as your computer or tablet . additional documentation about this can be found at google chrome support page for sync data . google web history google takes care of this for you as long as you have logged yourself into your google account on every browser and/or device you use . additionally , using history . google . com , you can manage the information stored : what i most enjoy with this is the fact that all my searches are synced between mobile , desktop and laptop , saving me precious time .
in your google account dashboard view , in the andoid device part you can see which applications stored someting in the android backup service , for my account , beside the standard android wallpaper , android system settings and android market i have some " dragon , fly ! free " data ( a game ) .
in recent android versions in order for a ringtone to repeat on a loop , mp3 and ogg files must include a label in their metadata called android_loop with a value set to " true " . if you are not using built-in ringtones ( that already have this label , ) your files most likely do not have this label in their metadata . you can use a number of freeware utilities ( such as winamp , for example ) to edit the metadata of ogg files and set this flag , or mp3tag for mp3 files .
from the reviews on that app , it sounds like they are doing part of it in their app , and part of it by sending you to the website . this may well be two separate authentications . the official google docs app is now part of google drive , have you tried that to see if it works more how you had want ? it does not ask me for any authentication when i use it .
you are right that android is supposed to be integrated . well it is , but it does not happen magically , developers need to make it so . this specific app is a beta and it was last updated more than a year ago . it is a safe bet that the developer ( s ) abandoned the project . i recommend that you install the official google drive app . it does not ask for your password and it is regularly updated . applications that can use the integrated authentication system require various permissions in the " your accounts " category .
rest assured , that is not a virus , its a warning dialog to make you aware that you may have the app install from outside of google play blocked . it is normal ! : ) to proceed to check and confirm it is indeed unblocked . . . go into settings > security > device administration , tap on " unknown sources " , a dialog box appears , tap ok as that is a standard disclaimer , which is normal de-facto thing . for gb , menu > settings > applications , check " unknown sources " and again , similar dialog appears as a disclaimer . tap ok to continue and back out of it .
more likely that the movie app just wants to get installed . it is not uncommon that 3rd party software is installed this way .
there was ( and still is ) such a tab . it is called file explorer , and by default it shows up in the same part of the screen as the threads and heap views . if you have hidden it in the past , you can show it again from the window menu → show view , or by pressing ctrl + 3 . ( thanks to edgard leal for suggesting the keyboard shortcut . )
probably the easiest way is to use x-parts ( formerly known as cwm installer ) .
yes you need to unlock the bootloader to flash the factory image . yes it will void your warranty but you can lock your bootloader again and reset the tamper flag to get the warranty back no unlocking bootloader is not rooting . here is the useful link . unlocking bootloader flashing factory image
i think in the usa it should not void your warranty as it is regulated by law and the manufacturer must prove you actively damaged your phone in the the process ( which would be at least funny if you are putting a google android image on a nexus phone and following the steps google itself published , for example ) . the magnuson-moss warranty act states on title 15 of us code , chapter 15 ( consumer product warranties ) , section 2304 ( c ) that the manufacturer must prove the damage inflicted by the user to void the warranty , as explained on this video . in the european union there is an equivalent ruling on eu directive 1999/44/ce
well its possible to restore any contact present on the personal computer provided your method of backup was done using a dedicated software like samsung kies . for samsung kies follow the below steps in samsung kies it provides two kinds of restore phone only restore or complete ( sim+ phone ) . at first after installation of samsung kies3 samsung kies has currently two versions samsung kies and samsung kies 3 . samsung kies is for basic mobiles as well as smart phones with android version upto android 4.1 as yours is android 4.2 above device kies 3 is suitable for you . after installation all your backup is to be taken and stored so whenever you lose data or do a firmware upgrade you will have your data always with you safely
when it looked like there was no good way to prevent these images from appearing in my gallery in the first place , i started looking for a better way to remove them once they got there . i tried unmounting and remounting the sd card , but this alone did not remove the images from the gallery . what did work was unmounting and remounting the sd card , then running the sdrescan app . after running it , the images in subdirectories of the folder with the .nomedia file disappeared from the gallery , without me needing to reboot . i found a few other apps that seem to do the same thing : rescan media , sdsync , and media scanner . those might work too .
is there a way i can copy media files to my phone over a network , without them automatically getting added to the gallery ? i do not think it is possible . after some googling i found this info : 1 ) hide album art from gallery and the provided solution : i have all of my photos named folder . jpg/jpeg ( i forget which extension ) and they do not show up in the gallery . 2 ) [ howto ] make gallery remove album covers so i did this : add . nomedia in my music directory , eg . " music " ( only on top directory ) . rename " music " directory to " musicc " run gallery , exit . rename " musicc " back to " music " run gallery and thebthumbnails no longer appear . also works with other directories that has thumbnails in gallery and adding . nomedia later . in my case the thumbs are still displayed . also take a look at this post : how to exclude unwanted images from phone gallery on android gallery excluder is a dedicated android application which removes the folders that you want to exclude its showing in the default android stock version . this application is quite simple and does the job what it says with the application name . so if you have folders which you don’t wants to show it on your gallery then install this application , select the folder which you want to show and done .
it seems that copying with x-plore causes this issue . . . it makes the phone re-scan the sd card , but also seems to alert it of the fact there has been a file copied . i am unfamiliar with what is going on in the background , but i do know this ; copying a picture to a folder with a . nomedia file , with x-plore , causes the image to show in the gallery . copying with io file manager , does not cause this issue on my phone . figured this might help someone .
looking at the google 's sdk download page : this caught my eye under the section ' oem drivers ' the galaxy nexus driver , however , is distributed by samsung ( listed as model sch-i515 ) . might be worth a shot to try that instead . the alternative is to try this other usb download from the same site here . the final linky to an alternative site to get this to work can be found here which comes with a edited minimal sdk download purely to get the drivers to work . if not , then why not temporarily download the whole sdk ( have no choice here and is totally unavoidable ) and just extract the usb drivers from there and wipe the sdk instead , and if you do , be sure to make a backup copy of the usb drivers ! : )
you should get the proper usb driver via the sdk manager ( which is the the tool you will run when installing the sdk ) . the first step in installing the sdk , is starting the ' sdk manager " , and downloading an android api package ( ie . the code to develop for a specific api ) in the list of options , is an ' extras ' section - that contains the official usb driver for android developer devices ( of which the nexus s is one ) . download that driver for best results . you will not need to install the whole sdk using this method , but will need to start down that path , in order to get the proper driver . good luck .
download the proper sdk api for nexus and more-over you have to download the proper driver , if you have already installed the driver please uninstall it and then reinstall the driver , then it will work fine as i faced the same problem a couple of months ago . but this option worked for me .
the image shows that you have downloaded the factory image archive , but it is not the official one . i would suggest that you read the instructions on the official page , factory images for nexus devices and download the archive from there . this includes the tools needed to flash the image . download the android sdk which contains the necessary tools here you need to have fastboot in your path put your device into fastboot mode with the bootloader unlocked and connected to a pc extract the downloaded archive to a directory you should see the following files : bootloader-mako-makoz30d . img flash-all . bat flash-all . sh flash-base . sh image-occam-kot49h . zip radio-mako-m9615a-cefwmazm-2.0.1700.98 . img run the flash-all.bat file with administrator privileges ( i.e. . right-click and Run as Administrator... ) the process will flash your device with the stock rom , assuming the previous steps were done correctly .
there is an app that enables it ( aptly called wifi pppoe ) , but it requires you to root your phone . pppoe is not natively supported in the android sdk .
aha ! the trick is to enable web history . after doing so , i now see addresses for my contacts ( my " people" ) in maps when i search for them by name .
the below is from google support and it also includes ipad / iphone support for anyone that may be relevant to . search for a contact’s address google contacts see home and work addresses for friends , family and colleagues in your google contacts on the map . here 's how to find a contact 's address on the map : 1 . open the google maps app . 2 . to sign in , touch the person icon next to the search box . if your person icon is filled in , you’re already signed in . 3 . in the search box at the top , start typing a name . ` suggested contacts will appear in the search results . 4 . touch a result to see that person 's address on the map . if your account is managed by your company or another organisation , you can not currently search for contacts . as per the op finding the solution himself , you need to enable web history for this functionality to work .
swiftkey stores personalized predictions in the sd card but probabily in a hidden file . in order to change your predictions i think you should reset your typing data under advanced in the app . afterwards , you have to re-teach your expressions ( 3-4 times the same words ) . hope this helps
based on this post from xda , fix permissions was removed . i have not seen any reason why . however , somebody made a flashable zip to put it back in .
it was removed because it is total placebo these days . i wrote it for dealing with the silly things that happen when we used to put apps on sd before android supported it . since then , it is been something of a sugar pill that magically fixes all problems without actually doing anything . ( taken from the commit history , posted by steve kondik )
you should be able to find them here . if they are not there then your phone is probably not actually uploading them . if it is not uploading photos check that in settings > accounts > google > " your account " > google photos is checked . also check in google+ > settings > auto-backup that it is configured to upload , there are also some settings to control when ( on wifi/charging etc ) .
evidently , the google voice app does not support conference codes or other extensions . ( at least not yet . ) to call an extended number through the google voice service , dial as though the gv app were not installed , or as if you were calling from something other than a smartphone : dial your own google voice phone number . if voicemail access is not enabled for the number you are calling from , press * to access the gv menu . enter your pin , if required . press 2 ( to tell the gv service you wish to place a call ) . enter the conference phone number , and press # . gv will connect you . proceed as normal for calling the desired number ( i.e. . , enter the extension , the conference-room number , the passcode , etc . ) . so , the contact is programmed with a number like this : 612-555-4321,[PIN,]2,800-555-1234#,,1234567890# . ( as i understand it , this is a limited application of the process flex dialer uses . ) if you have the gv app installed , then use another app like voice plus or voice choice to exclude this contact from gv . ( this is a consolation to what was originally asked for , which requested fewer exceptions to the phone 's gv dialing rules . should not be a big problem , though . ) if you have your gv number associated with a contact for yourself or your voice mail , then that is the contact that will appear in your phone 's call history . however , the " real " contact will show in your google voice call history .
in a google voice support thread , some people are indicating that ' p ' in the phone number field will add a 1 second pause . however , someone else ( in the " accepted answer" ) says that google voice does not currently support pause or wait characters . i do not think android will let you put numbers in a phone number field , but it might be worth a try . on a slightly different tack , have you tried a semi-colon instead of a comma ?
recently helped someone figure this out for another device , and the same method will probably work here : grep all of the configs for config_android to select only those configs that enable the various android kernel customizations . rule out any that have substantially fewer matching lines than others . then examine those that match ( hopefully only a very few ) to see which mention samsung , or the codename of the device or something like that .
have you tried http://opensource.samsung.com ? there is usually a readme file in the zip that will yield the clue : ) also , is it cdma/4g/lte/gsm version ? and the specific model name ? those two are important to ascertain before downloading the right source from samsung 's site : ) i downloaded gt-i900p_ics_opensource . zip from there and the config file was u1_nfc_defconfig in arch/arm/configs . however i realized i downloaded the wrong version as the clue is in the existing kernel version - 3.0.15- i9100m . . . . which is the gt-i9100m is what you are looking for : )
it should be identical to flashing when dalvik is enabled . if the rom cook packaged up everything correctly , you should be able to " dirty-flash " the nightly builds over the previous ones ( assuming you are staying on the same rom channel . ) i would confirm with the rom author though . on the topic of wiping caches , the cyanogenmod 's installation instructions specifically state : contrary to popular belief , there is no need to wipe anything when you update cm . this includes your cache partition , your dalvik cache , and your battery stats . while wiping these won’t hurt anything , you can increase the time it takes to boot up cm after you install the update . android is smart enough to manage both your cache and dalvik cache without you intervening , and wiping your battery stats does absolutely nothing to help with your battery life ( the file is only used to provide the raw information to provide the stats and graph in settings -> battery ) – it is actually wiped automatically every time your device is charged to 100% . of course you should always have a recent backup via recovery in case things start to go wrong .
if i got your question correctly then yes yout art environment should not be changed . the script will run at flashing time will wipe dalvik cache and cache itself and will not touch your personal settings . so you are safe to flash the nightly as a dirty flash . however i have not flashed any latest aosp kk based rom but it should follow the same procedures as all custom rom does . i flashed many time dirty flash on my current device which is running on stock based custom rom and have no problem at all . i will suggest you to make a nandroid and make a dirty flash afterwards so if anything goes wrong you can restore your backup and start from scratch .
requirements a google checkout account with valid credit card ( this has no country limitations ) pre-paid sim card from supported country ( for me pre-paid three uk sim worked just fine ) steps for purchasing insert the pre-paid sim enter google account that is associated with google checkout ( account will be asked because of sim change ) connect over wi-fi purchase the wished application just download and install questions what about roaming charges ? as a rule pre-paid sims do not work in other countries , so the only way to browse the market and download applications is connecting over wi-fi . why is a sim required ? market detects your location by sim cards home country . by using a sim from supported country you are effectively faking your location . is not it required for google checkout account or credit card used to be in supported country ? it seems that not . for me these were both located in estonia and everything went without problems . what if application is using some weird copy protection that locks it to a specific sim card ? would the app not stop working when real sim is swapped in ? to prevent this kind of copy protection on locking to the incorrect sim the easiest option is to cancel the download after purchase has been complete . swap the real sim in and complete the download . if there is some kind of sim check , it can be only done after installation has been complete . where can i get a pre-paid sim card ? check ebay : ) there is no actual credit required on the sim , so these should be pretty cheap . --credit : the poster himself ( jaanussiim )
for rooted phones : there is an app called market enabler that allows you to fake which country and carrier you are on when you are browsing the market so that you can easily browse markets from other countries or carriers . using this you should be able to connect to other european markets ( i do not know which country you are in but many european markets such as uk do allow paid apps , you do not have to go to the us for them ) .
i think you had need to have a credit card that has a billing address in the us ( or other supported country ) . in europe apps can be bought by users in austria , france , germany , italy , netherlands , spain , the uk , and switzerland . hopefully the number of supported countries will be increased when google announces its apparently imminent market improvements . the recent change to the terms and conditions to allow for carrier billing and rumours of paypal support suggest that there will be new payment options in the near future , potentially for countries where google checkout is not currently available . if you can not use the official market you could use andappstore , slideme or one of the other third party app stores . the app selection and user base is considerably reduced however .
i just plugged it in , did a reboot with the on/off and volume switches like turning it off , and i came to life again ! yay !
this link helped me to flash a rom image . as an additional benefit , this rom seems to be faster than micromax 's original rom and also claims to support a list of 3g dongles . the previous ( i.e. . original ) rom i had did not support reliance and bsnl 's 3g dongles . as in a settings menu the following dongles are supported ( i have not got any 3g dongle to test ) : wcdma : huawei ( e230 , e176g , e160e , 182g , e1782 , e1750 umg1691 ) , zte ( mf633bp-1 , mf633 , mf637u ) cdma2000/evdo : huawei ( e150 , ec1261 , ec122 , ec156 , ec1270 ) , zte ( ac580 , ac2736 , ac2746 ) after re flashing , i installed clockworkmod recovery as per this link as well .
this device will never officially get ics , as it only has an armv6 processor . ics needs an armv7 processor to function . the only way to get ics would be if someone ports it to your device - but it would be difficult . i suggest you look at xda-developers to see if someone has ported it , or is trying to . be aware that it would be buggy if it is ported .
once you are in the contact list , go into the options . your sim contacts are probably filtered .
many questions in one , but all connected -- so i will give it a try : you can device those apps in two categories , basically : those which work " similar " to the native app2sd , and those which do not . there are several rules an app must obey to be " allowed " for installation on sd card . apps installed on sd card can e.g. not automatically start at boot time ( as the boot_completed event is broadcast before the card is mounted ) . they also may not offer widgets , services , alarms , and some other things -- as those functionalities would break when the sd card gets " removed " ( e . g . when mounted to the pc ) . all these rules are obeyed by the native method . those " advanced app2sd " helpers which " move more apps " mostly ignore some of these rules . the app will work nevertheless , but maybe some of its features are broken . and then there is at least one app working completely different : link2sd . this app simply creates " symbolic links " to the sdcard ( after copying the app/data over there ) , and thus fool the system which still thinks they are on internal storage . by using a separate partition on the card ( which will be " invisible " when connected to the pc , and thus not mounted ) it works around some of the caveats -- a trick some of the above mentioned " advanced app2sd apps " also play . this variant obviously requires root , as it handles apps and their data itself -- which is not possible for a non-root app . same applies to some of the above tools when they offer to move app data / dalvik cache to the card , which is also not possible without root .
just leave the damn app alone , it is black and uninviting anyway , and install a more appealing sms app , try go sms or handcent sms .
it is possible , but unlikely , that it is being killed by the android automatic killer to free up ram , but as the samsung galaxy s2 has 1 gb of ram this is unlikely . one other explanation is that you are accidentally pressing the home button while you type , or are pressing something on your keyboard that has the same effect . if possible , install the drivers for your device , download adb + required dll 's , and type into a command prompt : logcat &gt;&gt; logcat.log  then make it happen . this will dump all of the logs to the logcat . log file . you could then paste this into pastebin , for us to have a look at .
you can try to investigate this issue more deeply based on system logs . install some application to grabbing logs from device ( for example sendlog ) . when you application crashes , then grab system log in which should be placed callstack started in your application . getting logs should be done asap after crash , because these files rotate .
i would try going in to Settings -> Applications -> Manage Applications -> All and select the messaging app . then the clear data for the application . there may be something in the data that is corrupt and causing an issue . i know this does not necessarily solve the problem , but you can try using another sms application , like handcent sms for example . i personally never liked the messaging application that comes in touchwiz ( samsung 's additions/changes to android ) , which is why i moved to a custom rom as soon as a stable one was made available . that is not the answer for everyone , but replacing the messaging app with a 3rd party app is " the next best thing " .
you should probably try looking at what processes are running , you probably have a game or application with some services maybe even something with an sms intent grabber to read when you have messages and alert you or whatever . avast is good for monitoring applications resources and uninstalling them if you do not like doing it in the settings . it also puts up applications by permissions which make it easy to see if something is grabbing sms messages off the intent . it is free , you do not need to root , and as long as you do not do the admin mode easy enough to uninstall .
you can do this with free kebab . llama it is an event monitor that can do actions when an event on the phone happend . you can configure that whenever the event " headset-connected " occours start the app musicplayer ( or any other app you want )
easiest way might be to use some headset controller like e.g. jays headset control ( there are plenty more on the playstore if this one does not work out for you -- i also had to try a few until i found the right one working smoothly with my headset ) . most of them allow you to define an app to be started as soon as the headset is connected ( in your case , that would be the media player of your choice ) . beside that , they give you the ability to control the media player via your 1-button-headset control : tap once to play/pause ( or accept a call ) , tap twice to skip forward a title ( or reject a call ) , hold the button to increase volume , and much more . edit : i see k3b and i both misunderstood your question as " start the player " , while you were talking about " start playback " . one app which can solve this is tasker ( see their website for a free trial version ) . the tasker user manual mentions in the actions section : media control send a command to a media playback application . simulate media button : when selected , any media player which listens for media button events can be controlled . without it , the only the android system media player will respond . so this should do what you want .
the best solution for you would be to use smart connect liveware™ mgr . as you can see , you can set actions to start when you plug a device ( headset , hdmi , charger , etc . ) and actions to start when you unplug the device . i have a setting to start playing music when i connect my headphones and stop playing when i remove it . there are many things you can do with this . the best part is that you can manage your music with your own music app ! simply create an event for actions to be done upon the connection pf a headphone and forget this app ! this was originally developed for sony xperia handsets . but should work with any , which has a good hardware configuration ( src ) and an os higher that ics ( which you already have ) .
some keyboards have a tab button that shows up when you are filling in a form . for example the android stock keyboard has this feature ( at least in 2.2+ ) . additionally you should not have to close the keyboard to click the next field , unless you are zoomed in very close .
you should be able to call the messaging intent with am start -a android.intent.action.VIEW "sms:numberhere" -e "sms_body" "hello"  using the intent command as described here : http://learnandroid.blogspot.com/2008/01/run-android-application-from-command.html stackexchange-url
the maximum size allowable for an android app on the android market is 50mb . [ 1 ] the maximum size allowable for an iphone app on the app store is approximately 2gb . [ 2 ] to answer your question , when you download the android version of this game , you are downloading an application that will download all of the data files either to your phones internal memory or sd card . due to the nature of the game , this is likely to account for the majority of the size difference unless different compression methods are used for resources such as the sound , textures and 3d models . the iphone 's app store has a much bigger file size limit which in this case means that all of the resources can be bundled into the initial download . the phone will not have to fetch any additional resources . [ 1 ] http://support.google.com/androidmarket/developer/bin/answer.py?hl=enanswer=113469 [ 2 ] stackexchange-url
this turned out to be a hardware issue . i had two relatively pleasant conversations with tech support at google play and asus . since it was a new purchase i just returned it .
before updating make full backup of your data . for update using computer you just need to flash system partition using fastbootfastboot flash system system.img , where system img available at image-nakasi-jop40c.zip available inside nakasi-jop40c-factory-6aabb391.tgz , what you can download from google nexus factory images page . using scripts from tgz archive will erase your data without prompt ! dont't flash data , even as you got bootloop ( it can be , if you has applications , incompartible with new version of firmware ) .
since rooted , download the xposed framework installer from the xda forums : http://forum.xda-developers.com/xposed/xposed-installer-versions-changelog-t2714053 download link is in the first post in the thread : http://dl.xposed.info/latest.apk after xposed is installed , open the app and install the framework , then soft reboot . open the app again , go to downloads and scroll through the modules . there are a few that will do the things that you want . install the modules you want . read the thread and links thoroughly . understand what this will do to your phone . always do a backup first .
i think i have found the problem . the user has over 19 thousand emails in his inbox . i will check this as the answer once i have confirmed it ( he needs to clean up the emails first ) .
try this : adb shell " cd /data/local and and mkdir tmp " adb shell mv /data/local/tmp /data/local/tmp . bak adb shell ln -s /data /data/local/tmp adb reboot adb wait-for-device adb shell rm /data/local . prop adb shell " echo \"ro . kernel . qemu=1\" > /data/local . prop " adb reboot by creating a link to from /data to /data/local/tmp , android will believe you are writing to /data/local/tmp even though you are actually writing to /data . this method is actually used to successfully root many devices , though some have it specifically in the build.prop that /data/tmp is off limits . this method might not work with a kindle fire , though i have not tried . i have rooted a kindle fire , but it involved a different method entirely . first , twrp recovery had to be flashed . then , a fake recovery image exploit . then , you could gain access to copy over your su and busybox binaries . you can try the local.prop method as i described above though . it is compatible with many devices .
short answer : you will have to root your device for that . explanation : the shell user has no write permission there . the /data directory is not owned by shell , nor does their group match : on my motorola milestone 2 , e.g. , it is owned by system:system and has the permissions drwxrwxr-x , while shell belongs to the shell group only . only on a rooted device you could either change the permissions , or be privileged enough to override them . ps : on android , the sudo command is simply called su -- which explains your last error ( /system/bin/sh: sudo: not found ) in case your device is already rooted .
you did not follow the rooting instruction properly . http://rootzwiki.com/topic/34162-root-kindlefire-7hd-probably-the-other-2ndgen-kindlefire/ the instruction above would have you create symbolic links to the /data/ directory from /data/local/tmp/ which would make the /data/local . prop writable after a reboot . make sure you follow the instructions precisely , including the reboots and all , and make sure you check each step that they do not produce unexpected error message .
samfirmware . com or xda are your best bets . if you need instructions for flashing with odin or recovery , we have lots of questions on that so just do a search : )
you can do a recovery of firmware using samsung kies software .
you can flash rom using odin and you can download the stock rom zip from samsung firmware or you can download any custom rom zip ( if rooted ) and flash it using odin .
if all you care about is the clipboard sharing , you might want to take a look at clipsync . this app allows you to share your clipboard between multiple android devices and your windows pc : copy on one device , and it appears in the clipboard of all others . at least that is what the app description says ( all windows i have are just for fresh air and light coming in , or to look out of them ( not out-look ) , so i cannot verify ) . a 4.5 star rating suggests it works -- and it is only 150kb " big " . if you want a bigger benefit , take compro01 's advice and have a look at airdroid . it is a great app , and lets you maintain your android device from any web browser in the same wifi network really nice ( edit your contacts , write sms , browse pics . . . ) . an beside that , allows for clipboard sharing .
airdroid will allow for bidirectional clipboard sharing ( not sure if it will work if you copy , then fire up airdroid or not though ) , as well as general remote control the device .
archos deals with a special usb host cable for usb otg . perhaps you need it .
i now use camera ics which has all the features i need .
with the following solution : you do not depend on a 3rd party 's market app . it can be configured to bypass update notifications by google play . you can revert app " update block " whenever you want ( allowing you to update apps for future versions ) it does not uninstall or freeze the apps you use . it works with gapps too . there is a free app called changelog droid ( formerly this was a freemium app , now it has full functionality for free ) . through it you can manage updates of your other apps , being an intermediary with google play . the advantage is that you can send apps to a blacklist , omitting to show updates temporarily or " permanently " ( until you change your mind ) . you can also follow updates for applications you have uninstalled or you have never installed but want to observe . i accompany this response with some screenshots ( identifying with colors the different screen navigation ) for you to realize how it works . the only downside is that when you open play store , either directly or from this app , all apps will be shown ( including those that you did not want to update , as the one applying the filter is changelog droid and not google play itself , this was expected ) but in changelog droid you can access each app on google play with a button and then upgrade it individually . sorry : there is currently no option to update all allowed applications in one single step from changelog droid , but perhaps the developer could implement it eventually . note : i still have not tested for the scenario you describe ( i already have updated/replaced talk/hangouts ) , but it could work in your case . just remember to do not open my apps view of google play so it will not trigger automatic update of apps .
there is a special permission for Google Billing ( technical name : com.android.vending.BILLING ) , which is required if the app wants to use google 's billing system . so if this permission is requested by an app , it most likely uses some in-app-payment ( why else should it request this permission ) . however : the absence of this permission does not necessarily mean there is no in-app-payment used with an app , as there are other means of accomplishing the like ( e . g . premium sms , or calls to some premium numbers ) . but if an app requests neither to send sms , make calls , access the internet , nor google billing , i know of no way it could accomplish in-app-billing without the user really actively doing something , like buying a gift-card and entering the code .
just announced for play store version 4.5.10: . . . the most noticeable , as well as awesome , feature that was added is the fact that there is an indicator to let you know there is in-app purchases . it’s always nice to know if an app is going to be bugging you to upgrade to the full version with a price tag . ( source ) official " what is new " list : whats new activity feed stars are green instead of blue avatars are circles not squares typography change new layout for reviews , including your own indicator for in-app purchases
that feature does not exist , the only thing i could suggest is to submit a feature request on the android issues tracker .
here is a step-by-step guide for restoring your nook color to stock firmware .
this is the firmware for your device 's original software ( v . 1.0.1 ) . simply download and save to the micro sd card and use it to flash your nook . voila ! job well done . the xda page chahk posted is an excellent resource and reassuring , stating that it keep in mind that the nook is really hard to brick . by that , i mean almost impossible . so there you go ! good luck !
i have a htc desire , but i am assuming the menus/behaviour should be similar : settings -> language and keyboard -> touch input -> international keyboard select the languages you want to use . that should restrict the keyboard list to the ones you have specified .
try settings --> apps --> google+ --> clear data and cache it will solve most of the issues .
i had exactly the same problem , actually i have come here for the solution . clearing data and cache did not help so i have decided to uninstall latest update . it worked for the original software so i gave a try and installed update once again . now it works properly , so perhaps you could try to reinstall your update and see what happens ?
i suspect that the ' battery saving software ' might have caused the issues . did you experience these issues before installing the app ? there is a couple of ways which might help restore original settings : a factory reset might set it right . alternatively if you have a backup of your original firmware you might want to try reflashing your phone after backing up all data . ps : the name of the app you were using might help out .
afaik , the 4.0.4 is currently only available for the cdma/lte , but someone over at modaco has a modified version of the 4.0.4 working for gsm . it looks like everything is working on the gsm version with this modified release . i have also read that 4.0.5 will be released next month , so you may want to just wait .
there are some apps that will do this for you : ringguard : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.x475aws.android.ringguardhl=en volume locker : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.hourdb.volumelockerfeature=related_apps
you can get an almost stock jellybean experience using supernexus - i9100 . it is based off aosp and only has " improvements and optimizations " , but states it is still very near to stock . another option , while differentiating itself from aosp , is cyanogenmod . this is based on aosp , but includes a lot of extra features and improvements of aosp , while keeping the bloat to a minimum . as for instructions on getting it ready for a custom rom , the instructions on the cyanogenmod wiki tend to be fairly accurate and may give you the needed information to get you started . install cm for i9100 if you do not want cyanogenmod on your phone , replace step #2 in the last section with whatever rom you want to try ( like the one above ) . make sure you get the right gapps ( basic google apps including the play store ) unless your rom includes it ( most do not ) .
an s-boot clip can restore your phone in download mode .
i appear to now have some kind of download mode , though it is not the samsung one - i just flashed a new rom . going to close this either way , as i do not think there is a simple solution other than sending it back .
you can install a " minimal google play " http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1918484
update your phone to 2.3.4 gingerbread . . . officially by samsung
follow the 5 steps root your android phone to know how to root it just type [ model ] root in google and follow it install the free app rom manager from clockworkmod in google play download the rom you want to try in sd card 4 flash it 5 reboot
i recently bought a trio stealth pro 7c , which uses the allwinner a13 chip . in order to flash a rom , you must use livesuit , which is a chinese-made , windows-only program . you boot your tablet into recovery mode , and livesuit will flash the rom you provide . the rom must be in a specific format , so if you want to create a custom rom to distribute , you have to go through a lot of steps . for more details see this forum or this post* . there are a number of pre-built roms for a10 , but a13 roms are more difficult to find ( if only for the fact that most people do not realize there is a difference ) . you can install clockworkmod on your tablet , if you want , but you probably will not be using it to flash roms . i did , but i am still unable to simply flash a rom properly . you can still to full nandroid backup and restores . *full disclosure : i wrote this post . actually , your question caused me to finish my rough draft and post the finalized version .
micromax funbook is a clone of allwinner a10 chipset based tablet . i once had to flash a rom and asked this question . the link that i had used to flash the rom including the rom itself are available in the answer . you could try that flash tool to install a rom of your choice - but there is a pretty good chance for you to be in trouble if you flash an incompatible rom .
you will most likely need to install appropriate usb drivers on your pc in order to have the tablet recognized by windows ( assuming your laptop has windows os installed . ) datawind 's site does not seem to have any drivers available for download , so your best bet would be to contact them directly , or try your luck with a google search ( be mindful of viruses posing as drivers ) .
it sounds like you just dragged the tray shortcut off the action bar accidentally . try doing the following : long press on an empty space on any home screen select " launcher actions " from the menu that appears select " open/close app drawer " drag the new shortcut back onto middle button of the action bar
there is a way no one has mentioned yet ( for rooted devices ) : use a shell application connectbot or sl4a and type : $ su # reboot  it will reboot instantly . with sl4a you can create a . sh script and add a shortcut to your home , something like su -c "reboot" would do the job , but i am not sure .
the menu you get when you press the shutdown key should give you a list of options including shutdown , restart etc . if it does not , your phone 's manufacturer might have left it out of the rom .
@jadkik94 , what you say is kind of true , it is true that you need root to use the reboot command inside adb shell . although ! you can use " adb reboot " without needing root ; ) this is a small trick that you have to know same counts for adb reboot recovery adb reboot download adb reboot bootloader  so no root is needed to restart the device ( when you have your pc with you ) if you run windows you could also use my little tool called android reboot instructions : put your phone on debugging mode : settings > applications > development ( gb ) put your phone on debugging mode : settings > developer options ( ics and up ) connect your phone with the usb cable to the computer choose one of the options download : http://broodplank.net/files/androidreboot_v1.1.rar
the volume up + power option also works for the samsung galaxy s . you have to hold for about 10 seconds before restart , but it works .
just found out with my galaxy y . hold home button first , then hold power button . just continue holding these buttons for a few seconds and the phone will restart itself . :d
use the app quick boot to restart your device ( a rooted device ) . answer seems to be given partially here : i&#39 ; ve rooted my phone . now what ? what do i gain from rooting ? use the app quick boot to restart your device . start the quick boot app and choose ' reboot ' and there you go .
press ( volume up + power ) at the same time . it will reboot the phone . tested on galaxy s captivate .
actually , for the samsung galaxy s 4g just hold the power button for ten seconds and it will restart .
htc sense widgets do indeed only work with the sense homescreen . there are knock-offs , but these are usually pulled off the market by htc very quickly . beautiful widgets comes quite close though .
each region has its own network-dependent versions ( with additional apps / bloatware ) . you can use the firmwares from other regions , which you can find in samfirmware , but you need to have a rooted phone .
the easiest way to recover your phone is to flash the original factory firmware on it . after much searching i found a thread at xda which explains how to do this for the lg optimus series phones including the p509 ( yours ) . you can obtain the original firmware by following these directions ( substituting p509 which you have for p500 ) . after you recover , remember that the first thing you should do after rooting a phone is to install a custom recovery ( usually clockworkmod recovery ) as this gives you access to tools to manage situations like this .
can you please try the following steps : make sure that admin user have your phone number in your address book . ensure that admin user is using whatsapp messenger . make sure that admin user have the latest version of whatsapp . in admin users android phone book , make sure that all contact accounts ( i.e. . sim , google , phone ) are " visible " or " viewable " . in your android phone book , ensure that all contact groups ( i.e. . friends , family ) are " visible " or " viewable " . you can make your contacts " not visible " and then " visible " to force a refresh . after doing this launch whatsapp > > menu button > refresh . alternatively , you can use all your contacts , not just the " visible " ones . to do this go to menu button > settings > contacts > show all contacts .
ask your group admin to create a new group and add you . this is the only solution . as i did with one of my friends who had the same problem . i am the admin of the group and he is visible to me and them . but when i try to delete him it is not possible . so we created a new group and added him again .
i bet the files are there , but you do not have a music app that will support . flac files , so they do not show up as visible . i use one of 2 apps : airdroid , or es file explorer to transfer files wirelessly . both of these apps seem to assist in ensuring the files get to the proper place on the os filesystem .
with my nexus 4 , that directory - which shows up as Internal Storage in windows - can be located at a few different places depending on configuration . the places that i know of include . . . /mnt/shell/0/ /mnt/shell/emulated/0/ /mnt/sdcard/ most of the time , there is a link to this folder ( so you do not need to find it ) at : ( if this works , do not worry about the above directory paths too much ) /sdcard/ this means that you should probably be able to find your music at /sdcard/Music/ . another note : i do not know if the default music player supports flac audio . if it does not , then that would explain why it is not locating the music automatically .
if your phone/tablet has an sd card , there is a much easier way to do this is : simply unmount your sd card on your device and then remove it plug the sd card into your computer 's card reader add a folder called " music " if one does not exist on the sd card move all the songs/albums you want from your media player library into the music folder on the sd card ( including album art ) put the sd card back into your device , and your device reads the media on the sd card and you are ready to listen to all the music you just transferred . if you have problems during the process , read the guide below : how to transfer music from computer to nexus
repair via sus . install sus connect your phone select your phone from sus follow the instruction
try reflashing your custom rom and clear dalvik and cache and do a factory reset after that . and make sure you are flashing a rom compatible to your device .
i will try to answer my own question here . the short answer is : get a rom that just works ! ( no , not a room , a rom ! get a rom ! ) here is the same screenshot image of the SD &amp; phone storage menu , this time with a rom called supernova . you can find an installation guide here . as you can see from the image i now have 1.86 gb of internal storage space . no additional apps have been installed yet , except for some apps that came with the rom , and the stock htc apps that came with the phone . how-to you will need root and s-off before you continue . it is also possible to install this rom with s-on , but it will require some additional steps , for more details see the developers website . you will also need a custom recovery like clock work mod ( cwm ) or 4ext recovery . the latter is recommended . you will also need to flash stock hboot , if you do not have that already . you will find the stock hboot on alpharev website . go to the download page of developers website . download " supernova 2.4.0.1 extreme rom " . you will see at least three mirror download links . here 's one direct link to dev-host . power off the phone . enter hboot on the phone . enter recovery ( i used 4ext touch recovery ) . format and partition the sd card with one ext4 partition and one fat32 . power off the phone and take out the sd card . mount your sd card to the computer . copy the supernova_2.4.0.1_signed . zip file to the sd card . put the sd card in the phone . enter recovery and choose " update from zip " . select the file above . this will now flash the new rom . reboot the phone . first boot will take longer time than usual . when you get to the setup wizard , skip setting up a google account . reboot the phone . you will see a blue led go and off . this means data2sd is loaded and working . now you can setup your google account and wi-fi , and what not . remember , complete installation instructions can be found here . that web page can be overwhelming , especially for newbies , which is why i tried to put it in a more condensed form here . if you run into the " download was unsuccessful please try again " message when downloading apps , this means that the app you are trying to download is too big and the android market cache is too small . this problem is covered in the faq at developers website , it is question 28 . the suggested workaround involves using scriptmanager app and a script , and this must be done every time you reboot . but i have found that installing the latest version of play store ( replacement for android market ) manually solves the problem permanently . here 's a short how-to on that too . download the apk file for play store . connect the phone to the computer . if prompted , choose to mount as disk drive . copy the apk file to the sd card . disconnect the phone . go to menu , settings , applications , and enable unknown sources . start a file manager app ( i used es file explorer , but astro is good too ) . browse to the file ( /mnt/sdcard/ ) and tap it to open . you will be prompted if you want to replace a system app . tap ok to continue .
well , " insufficient memory " sounds like you are having problem with your memory ( ram ) , not your storage space . diskusage is a very good tool , but it only checks disk space and not your memory ( ram ) usage . i just checked out the specs on your phone , and you have 512mb memory ( ram ) . that is 1/6 of what i have got on my phone , samsung galaxy note 3 with 3000mb memory ( ram ) . i know it can be confusing with the terms when reviewers and everyone use memory , sdcard , storage and ram very loosely . i use the same terms people use on computers . my chrome application is currently using 91mb of storagespace as " data " . i believe that chrome is just storing pictures and tempfiles for the open webpages in data , along with your settings , passwords and so on . you can at any time go into the settings on your android menu , choose " applications " , find " chrome " and delete data . your chome application will then act like you just installed it . you can try to see if this helps . and it might help for some time . i think the main problem is that you do not have enough memory ( ram ) on your device , and running a almost new os ( 4.1.2 ) . if you compare your phone with my previous phone , samsung galaxy s2 as it was released in 2011 and has twice as much memory ( 1000mb ram ) as your phone . this phone came with android 2.3 . which does not require as much as newer versions . i looked up on your os , android 4.1 . x , and the minimum requirements are as following : 7.6.1 . minimum memory and storage " device implementations must have at least 340mb of memory available to the kernel and userspace . the 340mb must be in addition to any memory dedicated to hardware components such as radio , video , and so on that is not under the kernel 's control . " source : http://static.googleusercontent.com/media/source.android.com/no//compatibility/4.1/android-4.1-cdd.pdf this will not give you much left to other applications . well , i think that chrome also have a share of the blame , as this is no lightweight browser . to solve the problem then i would first try to set for another browser that is lighter . i would , for example , try " opera browser " , which is designed to use as little data traffic as possible and to run on slow phones . the browser also has a feature that allows when you are phone is asking for a webpage , it will fetch the entire page onto opera 's servers and compress images before the webpage is sent to your phone . this means that the images are not displayed in full quality , but since the screen of a cell phone much smaller than on a pc , its just as well . since the images is compressed , and use less data traffic , it will also use less space on the cellphone 's storage-temp-space . hopefully , this will solve your " insufficient memory " problem . i hope this helps : )
it turns out that all of the data chrome stores is actually the internet cache . if you look at the desktop counterpart of chrome it regularly stores ~100+ mb of internet cache . i have done some experiments : i have cleared the cache and ran chrome without browsing to any sites : just started it it did not grow very big ~5mb or less . but when i did browse to sites got big very fast . i have a nexus 7 v1 and a zte 665c and both replicated the same results . this is typical of google chrome and the internet cache . what i would recommend to you is getting a better storage medium if you can . if not then i would recommend to browse in private mode because it keeps the internet cache to a minimum . here is some interesting facts on what is deleted . i know that is for the desktop version but most of it applies to the mobile version . https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95582?hl=en and as Dan Hulme said it also stores this data : it also contains : resource files for chrome itself . these are really part of the app , but they are downloaded by chrome itself so the apk does not need to contain all the resources for all locales , and to make them easier to update . local storage for websites that use the html5 local storage feature . for some sites ( e . g . twitter ) this can get quite large . all your preferences , just like any other app . this amounts to a few kb . to wrap it all up the main offender is the internet cache . the websites that you visit also give you extra files as stated above and last but not liest are the settings . the give you only a few kbs but it all adds up ! have a great day !
it contains:- resource files for chrome itself . these are really part of the app , but they are downloaded by chrome itself so the apk does not need to contain all the resources for all locales , and to make them easier to update . local storage for websites that use the html5 local storage feature . for some sites ( e . g . twitter ) this can get quite large . all your preferences , just like any other app . this amounts to a few kb .
it is fully possible to do that if the charge-from device has usb on-the-go ( otg ) support . you just need a usb otg host cable ( like this one ) , which you connect to the charge-from device , then plug a normal micro-usb cable into that , then into the device to be charged . the only obstacle you may run into is current limitations . a usb otg port almost certainly will not provide as much current as an all-up usb port , much less a charger . best case , this will mean that the charging device will charge slower . middle case , you will not get enough current to charge the device while it is powered on . worst case , the charge-from device will simply say " you are drawing too much current . you are cut off . "
it is a problem with your router . after android successfully connects to a wi-fi network , it tests to see if it can use this network to access the internet . this is because it is commonplace for wi-fi networks to redirect all requests to some kind of login page , until you have logged in . the " sign-in to wi-fi network " notification is nothing to do with authenticating to the network itself : it appears when android detects that the network is redirecting requests . given that you have said any page brings up this 404 error page from your router , that fits perfectly with the fact you are getting the notification . the fact that the router will not give you pages from the internet is the root problem : it is nothing to do with wpa or anything like that . does the 404 page tell you anything helpful ? perhaps the router is set up with a list of devices ( by mac address ) , and the new device is not on the list so the router will not give it internet access .
this is as close to an answer as i can find at the moment . looking at the site for the ( soon to be launched ) google play for education site , one of the benefits that they mention is : for educators android tablets in the classroom google play for education brings the innovation of android technology into classrooms . educators can set up and deploy large numbers of devices in just minutes or hours rather than days . . . . over-the-air delivery to student devices after finding apps they want to use , educators can push them instantly to student devices over the air . they can send the apps to individuals or groups of any size , across classrooms , schools , or even districts . ( my emphasis , from http://developer.android.com/distribute/googleplay/edu/about.html ) which sounds promising , but if you go to the sign up/school interest page it has this interesting bit of wording on the form : which suggests that there is a limit somewhere around the 30 device number . which would match up with what you are seeing . as i can not find anything else official mentioning this limit , i can not find any official advice for getting round the limit either , sorry .
the google play for education store is creating content optimised for nexus 7 tablets . i would be amazed if this is not available for the older tablets . i have seen no dates yet for when the store will be available , but google have an event in november and suspect it may be then ( as the service was advertised for autumn ) . however , they are only soliciting interest from american schools , so it may not be initially available in the uk . in the meantime i would suggest maybe looking at tabpilot which will allow you to achieve what you are after as well as a lot of other useful functionality .
offline data saving is supported on android , you can see this if you go into your browser , select settings , advanced settings , website settings and you can see which websites are using your offline cache , as well as which are using other advanced access like gps . to create an icon for a website on your home screen : once you have created a bookmark in your browser for the page , you can go to your home screen , long-press on a bit of spare space , select shortcuts , bookmark and pick that one . that should give you an icon straight to that page .
from my html5 knowledge , offline content and access , even though implemented by the website , will only work if the browser the client is using supports it . the ios browser seems to support offline applications , but the android one does not yet , based on what you said . so you will jsut have to wait until the browser is updated .
you can use this app : offline browser link : you can download a portion of a web site in your sd card and then read it offline
i had the same issue . unfortunately if you have tried to check\uncheck more than two or three times you will end up resetting your device . explained here https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=53130
i do research on li-ion batteries . why batteries fade over time is still an issue that is unknown at the fundamental level . what i can tell you is that there is a solid electrolyte interphase ( sei ) which forms upon the first charging cycle . this sei protects the negative electrode but it is suggested that the sei leads to fading over time . if you fail to charge the battery fully the first cycle , the sei will not fully form and may lead to fading over time . i have experienced this and i really do not think it is a myth . there is so much info out there . if this is a myth or not nobody will ever know i will tell you this for sure . p.s. read that ' battery university ' page . total b.s. read some current scientific papers on the issue .
li-ion does not need to be fully charged , as is the case with lead acid , nor is it desirable to do so . in fact , it is better not to fully charge , because high voltages stresses the battery . choosing a lower voltage threshold , or eliminating the saturation charge altogether , prolongs battery life but this reduces the runtime . since the consumer market promotes maximum runtime , these chargers go for maximum capacity rather than extended service life . source : http://batteryuniversity.com/learn/article/charging_lithium_ion_batteries
that recommendation from the seller was true for old batteries , and it seems they still keep saying that to customers ! nowadays , batteries are often Lithium-Ion or Lithium-Polymer and such batteries ( as i have read many times and based on my own experience ) would be stronger if you charge them often . the first time charging and " wait-until-full-discharge-before-recharge " and " do not-use-when-charging " are not applicable to these modern batteries . li-ion and li-polymer batteries , if charged often , after about 1 month , would reach to their maximum performance , and you are recommended to charge them every time you find an outlet ! in stock help application of my sony android device , in a section about battery life , it reads : charge your phone often , this will not affect the lifespan of the battery .
yrajaby is right . other things you have to keep in mind : follow the instruction about the batery temperature range do not keep your battery completely discharged for long periods of time
unfortunately this is not an option on the stock android rom 's , regardless of the version . after doing a little research , it seems that if you wish to root your phone and install a new rom that the desire flavor of rom 's ( i do not know if it is available for your model of phone since you did not specify the model ) has this feature built into the rom itself . after some more research ( this was harder to find than i expected ) there is an app that has built in auto-retry of failed sms messages . please see this xda forum post for details about it . it is a replacement messaging client for your android phone which includes this feature .
google maps is known for situations like this for years . it does not happen all the time and on all devices simultaneously with all versions of maps , but comes often enough . for me , the decision was to disable/freeze google maps , and use other map apps ( locus map , oruxmaps ) instead . but let 's go into details how an app ( in your case google maps ) can be " put on ice": on a rooted device a rooted device gives you the most alternatives . say you want to use the app from time to time , you could use the following approach : dynamic freeze convert google maps from system-app to user-app . this can be done e.g. with titanium backup – and is of course not necessary if maps did not ship with your device ( but was explicitly installed by yourself , which already makes it a " user-app" ) greenify maps . this way the app is kept from running unless you explicitly start it . you could think of this as a " dynamic freeze " static freeze if you do not need the app anyway , and rather use another replacement , you can freeze it permanently . a freeze marks an app as being " unavailable " , so it can no longer be started . there are multiple apps which can handle this , as e.g. before mentioned titanium backup or app quarantine . using titanium backup would give you an advantage here : tibu let 's you place a shortcut on your homescreen to freeze/unfreeze-start an app , basically emulating the " dynamic freeze " described above . no need to convert the app into an user-app for this . disabling auto-start on certain events many apps register so-called " broadcast receivers " to be notified on system events they are interested in . the best known certainly is boot_completed for apps that want to become active right after the device has booted up – but there are a lot more . examples include the change of network status ( true for our google maps candidate ) , battery-low , or the sdcard being mounted . on a rooted device , you can disable those " listeners " with so-called " autostart managers " . one of the best is autorun manager in its pro-version . if using those , take care to not disable too much , as that might render an app unusable . without root without root , i know of only one way to achieve something comparable : go to settings→apps select the " all " tab scroll to the app in question ( here : google maps ) , and tap its entry if you do not see a " disable " button , but " uninstall updates " instead , it is a system app . tap " uninstall updates " , then " force stop " . tap the " disable " button now the app is de-activated , and should no longer run . i explicitly made " should " in italics , as to my experience often this is only a partial working solution : though the app is removed from the drawer , it seems it is still not completely out-of-reach for certain frameworks . pros and cons disable : only available solution if your device is not rooted . pro : does not require root cons : app not always completely disabled no dynamics requires multiple " taps " requires to always uninstall updates first ( if there are any ) not applyable to all apps ( manufacturer/carrier can " lock " apps against this ) static freeze : pros : works on all apps partly dynamic ( using tibu and its " shortcuts " on your homescreen ) con : requires root dynamic freeze : pros : dynamic app icons remain in the drawer/on your home screens ( so from the user 's perspective , handling remains unchanged ) cons : requires root does not work on system apps ( though there are " experimental features " for this afaik ) .
bedside best app . runs as a clock at night , only thing that will make noise are phone calls . love it .
i am surprised nobody has mentioned sweet dreams for android . its a free app and can pretty much do everything but tuck you in at night and make eggs and bacon in the morning : switch your phone to slient mode automatically during preset times those preset silent times can be overridden if your phone detects noise ( i.e. . you are still awake ) it has an alarm feature that can wake you up as well this app was the winner in one of the android developer challenges as well . more info : http://www.androidguys.com/2010/02/11/adc2-winner-sweetdreams-hits-android-market/
timeriffic is fantastic for this purpose , it is also on f-droid . org .
you can set the alarm to be active during ' silent mode ' , but that would eliminate calls . also , you can download tasker or locale from the market to create custom profiles based on time . these two apps ( and i am sure there are others ) are extremely customizable and you will be able to set up profiles exactly like you mentioned .
a new app i have been using is silence ( free , but you can pay to get rid of the ads ) . it is really pretty simple to set up . you simply add a new event , give it the start and end times , optionally set it to repeat on which days and set your " toggles " . it can toggle more than sounds , though : ringer + notification media alarm airplane mode wi-fi bluetooth mobile data you can toggle off any or all of those . another nice feature is that you tell it what to do with the toggle when the event ends : change back ( to whatever it was set at before ) do nothing silent ( for sound toggles ) vibrate ( for sound toggles ) set a volume level ( for sound toggles ) turn on/off ( for system toggles ) i particularly like the " change back " setting . if i have already silenced the ringer manually , i do not necessarily want it to come back on when the event ends . they also recently added the ability to tie an event to an event in your calendar . i use this to set my ringer to vibrate and turn off wi-fi during the times i am ( generally ) commuting on the train ( because i sit in the quiet car and there is no wi-fi available ) . i also use it to turn off the sound on my tablet during the hours i am likely to be asleep .
samsung devices running jelly bean have this functionality built in-in the form of blocking mode , which will allow you to shut off notifications , alarms , incoming calls , and alarms ( any or all of the above ) for whatever space of time you select . for the incoming calls ( and sms/email notifications ) , you can also select whether to block all calls or allow some numbers through .
even easier with tasker : create a profile called silentmode set it to be active between 23:00 until 09:00 now , add a task , call it muteaudio , with a tasker 's function called ' silent mode ' , set that to on that is one profile created . now to do the opposite logic . . . create another profile called normalmode set it to be active between 09:01 until 22:59 now , add a task call it soundon , with a tasker 's function called ' silent mode ' , set that to off now , both tasks will be activated depending on the clock on the device : )
or . . . you can use the simplest solution . add the power control widget at night , turn off the data sync widget ( fourth from the left , between gps and light ) no email or other notifications will make noise . in the morning , just turn it back on and you will get all your notifications .
another alternative is one of the original taskers : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.cooolmagic.android.toggle5feature=search_result ( the lite version ) https://market.android.com/details?id=com.cooolmagic.android.toggleprofeature=search_result ( paid version ) have being using it since android 1.6 .
no widget necessary . i turn off auto sync and turn the volume down to vibrate . i have a sleep tracker app called wakemate on my phone and the alarm still goes off , even when the volume is turned down to vibrate ( using the button on the side , not in settings ) . to turn off auto sync , i press ( unselect ) the icon that looks like a refresh symbol on the floating toolbar . if you removed the toolbar , you can turn off auto sync by pressing settings > accounts and sync > auto-sync ( clear the check box ) . it prevents the phone from going to get your email and so on . turn it back on when you wake up and turn up your volume and you will soon hear the familiar downloading of emails , text messages , twitter updates , app updates , whatever .
i use llama to achieve this . it is free and very flexible and can control a lot of other settings too . it uses nearby cells to identify your location , so it is not as accurate as others that use gps , but does not require the gps to be on in order to achieve location based profiles .
stock sys volume settings : alarm vol up ringer up notifications down sys vol down you can use quick settings to quickly change these settings or quick profiles to create profiles for one click profile switching . i use this last option and have 2 shortcuts on my home , one that turns on my bedtime profile and one that turns on the daytime profile .
there are a couple of things you could do . boot into recovery mode , and perform a factory reset that way . google something like " recovery mode " and the volume buttons act as the arrow keys and the power/home button as the back/select button . log into your google account on your computer ( if you are not already logged in ) ensuring that it is the same account as the one on your tablet . and go to https://www.google.com/android/devicemanager from there , if your device is supported , you should be able to wipe your device , or even better , change the device 's password so that you can easily unlock it again .
if you are just talking about files , i would take a look into ftpsyncx or foldersync . i can only talk for ftpsyncx , as i am using it myself -- but most of the following should be valid for both apps : you can setup directory pairs ( one on your device matching another on your pc ) , and have them sync bidirectionally or unidirectionally . you can configure the sync interval : globally , per server , or even per directory-pair . you can even tell it to only sync when you are in your home wifi , or only when you request it ( via widgets , from within the app , or even event-based controlled by tasker . if this answer did not catch your intention , feel free to comment , ask , or update your question : )
it is likely the matrix which you are seeing . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pentile_matrix_family the galaxy nexus uses the rgbg matrix just like previous galaxy , however it is much higher resolution than many other pentile displays . here 's a magnification of another , similar screen from a different samsung phone . http://www.droid-life.com/2011/09/28/samsungs-super-amoled-hd-screens-bring-back-the-pentile-matrix/ if that is not what you are seeing then it may be a hardware issue .
no , the android emulator does not emulate specific socs such as tegra 2 , and it does not support nvidia 's instruction set extensions .
not without a different rom but you may be able to add one to the notification area . try this , i do not know how well ( if at all ) it works on the s5 but it is worth a shot .
a good resource on questions like this is the tasker userguide ( link goes to the " actions " page here ) . quoting : menu show a selection dialog and perform a different action depending on which item the user selects . sounds like exactly matching your purpose , though i have not tried it . you can even specify a default action , which then would be executed on timeout as well ( i.e. . when you did not notice the menu " in time" ) . the menu element belongs to tasker scenes . please refer to the userguide index and check the " scene " section for closer information , if needed . you should be able to combine ( or wrap ) this with an if statement in case you only want to be asked on a given condition like " display on " .
go locker has probably the most intuitive interface for changing the lock screen . plus they have an embedded store on their application making installation of new themes very easy . i have noticed in the google play store description for lockscreen calendar ( not part of go locker ) , that there are reported problems for replacing the lock screen on samsung devices . try go locker , that might help override samsung default settings , then perhaps your own screen locker applications might work . if your stuck on how to use these applications , try starting them from the applications menu . there should be instructions on their use . nb : here 's a lifehacker review of lockscreen calendar .
if you update to android 4.3 ( official ) , you can get the lockscreen widgets for it , which should do the job . or you could get one of the many lockscreen replacement apps from the playstore . i myself use cover : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.coverscreen.cover
try pvstar+ . not the easiest ui , but it'll let you play ( really just listen to ) youtube videos and a number of other sources , too , in the background .
you have two choices here : edit the stock kernel ( or the kernel you are using ) to enable init . d support or edit the init . rc use a custom kernel with init . d support already enabled . i would suggest the second option as is far more easier to achieve . once flashed a kernel with init . d support , you can add all the scripts you want to the folder that will be executed at boot time . the folder is located in /etc/init.d and all scripts inside that folder will be executed in order . for example , if you have : /etc/init . d/10-startup-daemon /etc/init . d/50-mount-extra-partition they will be executed in the same order i have typed them . you can change the order by changing the number at the begining of the file .
yes , it is possible . try to go at the root of the note program . from a note , click the back button , then click on ' most recent notes ' to see all notes . if you select " share " , you will be given to select more notes , or even folders . for more information on compatibility , please provide with your exact version of s-note .
you can successfully reopen the stack exchange in the state of asking for google account 's code of authentication , if : open authenticator , and memorize/copy . . . , the 6 digit number . open the app drawer ( not the recent used list access by pushing home button for a while ! ) select the internet browser from there . now you should have the browser in the state you left it ( waiting for the 6 digit number ) although this is a solution to ( not being able to introduce the 6 digit code ) , it will not solve the problem of stack exchange app inability to save your login credentials .
you can not use an app specific passphrase . stackexchange uses google as an openid provider and that works with access tokens . to continue/finish the openid process you need to be logged in to google of course ( using the regular 2-step passphrase+token method ) . you will then be asked if you want to grant access by google and the app will get an access token .
install sip user agents on both phones and pc . you can use sipdroid or csipsimple for android and a softphone program like x-lite on the pc . note that you need to set up local accounts when configuring the software . you can then call other parties on the local network directly by their ip:port . if you do not want that , you need to install a full blown voip proxy like asterisk .
this app can share files over wifi by providing access through a browser websharing
file expert app can do this using both http and ftp .
easy and simple way is just download application wifi file explorer which is free in android market . it enables you to connect to your phone via wifi . the app gives you the local ip and port for your phone that you can type into your browser from your computer . for example : if ip is 10.0.0.1 and port is 8080 , write down "10.0.0.1:8080" in your browser then you can view your files over your wireless ! and with the paid version , you can download whole folders and send files to your phone : )
go into settings and there is an option for " shutter sound " . you can choose between three different sounds and off . i am assuming you mean the galaxy s and not the galaxy tab . click images for larger variants via droidbar . net
i had the same problem - but discovered that i had system volume turned right down in settings/sound/volume : )
the issue is better explained here , it seems to happen when your device is almost full . if you are rooted then you can check the lagfix app , it did make a difference on my nexus .
it looks like some of your app is eating your cpu : one ( extrem ) solution would be to do a complete factory reset , and then reinstall the app you need . you could check your cpu usage ( there are many apps for that : android system info , cpu usage . . . ) , who , how long . . . and find who is too greedy
to troubleshoot , reboot to safe mode by long pressing the power off on the power-off menu . screenshot from my n4:
if your available space gets too low , the nexus 7 will become laggy . go to settings-> storage and check the number next to available . if it is under 3gb , try moving some data off the device ( movies , music , etc . ) via usb to get the available space to 3gb or more . if this corrects the performance problem , then you can restore data a bit at a time to fine tune the threshold where performance drops off . i do not know of a hard and fast rule for how much free space should be available . fwiw : my nexus 7 became very laggy ( long pauses for the keyboard to pop up after entering a text field , switching tabs in chrome was very slow ) and i tried uninstalling apps , disabling apps that ran as services to no avail . i checked my free space and it was 750mb . i deleted a movie i had copied to the device and freed up an additional 2gb . as soon as i did that , the lag vanished .
i have noticed the same issue on my nexus 7 running stock jelly bean 4.2 . i also noticed reboots . do you happen to have hd widgets installed ? that seemed to be the cause of many of my slow downs , but unfortunately not all . apps that use location services seem to be the issue with my slowdowns . are you noticing the same thing ? this article goes into some of the issues seen on 4.2 that i experienced .
i had a problem where my samsung s3 mini ( jelly bean 4.1.2 ) worked 100% on my wi-fi router but failed to connect to the internet with my wi-fi repeater - stuck on " obtaining ip address . . . " message . i have now set a static ip and it works 100% on both the router and the repeater . if you need multiple static ip options then check out " wi-fi static " application . i found the answer courtesy of motorola , and repeat it below , at https://motorola-global-portal.custhelp.com/app/answers/prod_answer_detail/a_id/68989/p/7901,8013 , to setup a static ip address on your motorola xoom , follow the steps below :
you can set ip with ifconfig and gateway with route when you are rooted . i used it to change the tcp buffer .
save the following in one of the init scripts in the rom ifconfig eth0 192.168.1.100 netmask 255.255.255.0 route add default gw 192.168.1.1 dev eth0 setprop net.dns1 192.168.1.1 ip addr show ip route show  where eth0 in this case , is an ethernet adapter attached via usb .
yes . you need one to sign in , even for free apps . paid apps are paid for via google checkout .
yes , it is mandatory to use google account to use google 's android market ; however it is not mandatory to use google 's android market to install android applications . there are many third party app markets and you can sideload an . apk file you have downloaded to the device ( except on some devices from brain-damaged carriers where this option is disabled ) . some alternative markets do not require registration .
this might actually not be a problem caused by the operating system but rather by how much voltage the device can output into the headphones . so , your macbook is more likely to have a more powerful audio output than your s4 . the key word here is impedance . i assume the headphones you mentioned have a impedance too high for mobile devices , such as the s4 .
thanks you all for your answers , i have no idea what happen but yesterday i updated like 15 apps and now the icon is gone . i dont know which app made that happens but the good news is that its gone : ) just fyi it did not act like a regular app icon , it did not gave the option to see " app info " or " remove " it was staying in all the screens no just in one . and when it was press it opened a search that when was press to search was searching on google . any way , thank you very much greetings iair
ddms shows the running apps which have the " debuggable " flag set . if the built-in apps are also debuggable , it suggests you are using a debug build of the rom . switch to a release build . if the custom rom you are using does not have a release build , switch to a rom made by people who know what they are doing .
i have not seen any setting to change the font size . however , you can pinch-in and pinch-out to zoom .
i do not have an htc desire - but on my htc evo in the sound settings there is an option to turn on " haptic feedback " . ( settings , sound , under ' feedback ' - i am guessing since they are both htc they will be similar ) its says : vibrate when pressing soft keys and certain ui interactions edit : emphasis mine if this is the setting that you have enabled then i think the functionality you are describing is correct since my phone only vibrates on soft keys and certain things like moving icons or widgets on the home screen . clicking icons does not vibrate .
as long as the phone has a vibrator ( and you mention it does ) , then it should work , unless htc modified their flavour of the android software . go to ' settings'-> ' language and keyboard ' -> your keyboard ( often ' android keyboard ' or ' touch input' ) -> enable ' vibrate when typing ' ( in case of ' touch input ' this is in a ' text input ' submenu ) . the real ' vibrate ' ( on call ) function as you know it from your old feature phone is at ' settings ' -> ' sound ' -> ' vibrate ' .
after weeks of having this problem , i figured this out . in system -> apps , under the google play music app , i had " show notifications " set to not display . doh !
create a new android project . in your activity 's onCreate() method write this code String url = "http://www.your-link.com/; Intent i = new Intent(Intent.ACTION_VIEW); i.setData(Uri.parse(url)); startActivity(i);  it will open an intent and show you all the browsers installed in your device . just select any one and that will do . chears ! !
bookmark the page in chrome for android . go to your bookmarks , long-press on the bookmark , and click " add to home screen " . source : http://howto.cnet.com/8301-11310_39-57416489-285/how-to-add-chrome-for-android-bookmarks-to-your-home-screen/ works on my galaxy s4 and nexus 7 .
which network are you using ? if it is wifi , can other machines on your network contact it ? if it is carrier data plan . . . is it being blocked ? update : 0.0.0.0 seems like a hosts file block to me . any ad blockers ? adblock plus ? hosts file modifications ? try usb networking - if you post a comment here asking for it i will update the question and put in a tutorial ( it is involved , and i only know how to do it on gnu/linux machines )
i have copied ( and slightly changed ) my answer from a comment i posted on an issue on the google code page for terminal ide , however , it should be the same : if you are rooted , you can install the latest version of busybox ( you may be able to compile it ) . then find out where you updated busybox is and run the following commands : ( i am assuming the new version is in /system/bin and the old version is in ~/system/bin ) PATH=/system/bin:$PATH cd ~/system/bin mv busybox busybox.old ln -s /system/bin/busybox busybox  now domains will be resolved properly . please note : due to the way busybox works , you have to be root to be able to use ping ( although things like wget and nslookup should be able to resolve hosts properly now ) . the busybox developers are working on this issue . i personally used this application to install the latest version : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=stericson.busybox
this is a known design problem when using statically linked libresolv and glibc . you have 2 options : use google android 's native libc bionic library instead of glibc . build busybox to search libraries in /system/lib ( or make the necessary links e.g. /usr/lib -&gt; /system/lib ) . place ld-linux . so . 3 , libc . so . 6 , libresolv . so . 2 , libnss_dns . so . 2 in your /system/lib .
enter your terminal , then type ' su ' and press enter ( note only works if you have a rooted phone ) $ su #  then enter the following ( replace x.x.x. x with your dns servers ip ) # echo 'nameserver x.x.x.x' &gt; /system/etc/resolv.conf # echo 'nameserver x.x.x.x' &gt;&gt; /system/etc/resolv.conf # exit  now test to see if it worked correctly $ nslookup google.com  it should resolve now .
check that your terminal emulator environment has dns set correctly by running getprop net.dns1 and if necessary set it with setprop net.dns1 [yourdns] . the commands may differ by device , some use net.eth0.dns1 or net.gprs.dns1 , run getprop without parameters to see all set properties for hints .
you can view android 's supported media formats here : http://developer.android.com/guide/appendix/media-formats.html i would recommend h . 264 video and aacv2 audio , for the best quality . the dimensions depend on the dimensions of your phone -- in your case , 320x240 . it is not the most powerful phone so you may want to experiment with the quality to get it playable but also looking good .
go to settings > search > searchable items then tick mark all the things you want to be able to search for from the search box . applications like evernote , dropbox , catch , meridian , colordict and many others which are compatible and you have installed should be listed . you can pick and choose whichever options suit you .
the " google search widget " , which is different then the " search widget " will search contacts , apps , web and i think other things if the app " plugs in " to the search framework . i am not sure if it does calendar events though . but according to the screenshot in the market , it will .
fist you need to know miui package name adb shell pm list package -3  this command will display all the third party installed apps . if miui lockscreen does not show up here use : adb shell pm list package -s  or adb shell pm list package -f  then copy the package name and use this command : adb shell pm uninstall &lt;your app package&gt; 
okay , the answer was , actually simpler than i thought . as it turns out , miui has a built in fallback for these kinds of problems . the solution is to press volume up + back button and it should do unlock the phone for you . i found this out by posting this same question on the miui forums .
you should be able to download the latest supersu from chainfire and push it to your sd card and reboot into recovery mode -> install zip from sd -> select supersu . zip and it should install the su binaries . you should be good from there .
no . although the keyboard can pair with multiple devices , it can only be connected to one at a time . you can not fix that with software that runs on the tablet .
as far as i understand the aosp keyboard is available in cm roms , its called ' stock ' keyboard when you flash cm based roms . as for google keyboard , it is the official one on nexus devices . i personally like the cm ( aosp ) keyboard . it allows me to long press keys for punctuations , i am very used to long pressing ' m ' for ' ? ' and ' z ' for ' ! ' . it is irritating that i can not do that on the official keyboard . i also can not find a separate apk for the cm ( aosp ) keyboard
it is exactly the same keyboard as the android keyboard from jelly bean ( 4.2 ) as i read . see i.e. this article . rereading exactly points out that this app should expose the keyboard which was only installed on nexus phones with android 4.2 to prior android version ( 4.0+ ) on other smartphones and tablets including features like " swiping " and gestures . there is another article on androidcentral
my aosp keyboard let me long press some of the keys for punctuation . i could hold " m " to get a " ? " and now i no longer can on the google keyboard .
ok , i fixed it ! the problem was apparently the version of the flac files . the bad files had version 1.1.1 , the good ones had 1.2.1 . so i used foobar the convert the bad files to version 1.2.1 , replaced the bad files on the sd card and then their artist showed correctly !
the rootfs ( / ) as well as /system have to be mounted with rw permissions . so , to check for that execute # mount |grep -i rootfs and # mount |grep -i '/system' if you do not see rw for the permissions , do # mount -o remount,rw / and/or # mount -o remount,rw /system
my experience : one friend 's network uses wpa with a 64character hex-key and i have not had any problem connecting to it since android 2.3 gingerbread . i also had a look at the wifi config at /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant . conf which holds all the wifi credentials . the one entry from above is configured just as every other with the exception that it has a 64 character hex key . i of course censored both keys and ssids , fyi . here 's a sample :
i had similar problem at first . try this : uninstall the driver ( ADB Driver ) manually from Device Manager . unplug the device . plug it so that windows automatically tries to find it . must work .
did you unlock the screen ? this also happened to me on my nexus 4 when i did not unlock the screen .
enable usb debugging : go to phone settings -> about -> tap build number repeatedly until developer menu is enabled . go there and tick usb debugging . on your pc , go to your device manager ( you can find it in control panel , system ) when the phone is plugged in and set to mtp . locate the phone , ( it might come up as " android phone " if so open the tree a level . on my computer it says " google nexus adb interface " but it might be different on yours depending on how you have got things configured ) right click on it and chose " properties " from the fly out menu . go to the driver tab click update driver . . . click browse my computer for driver software click let my pick from a list of devices on my computer select usb composite device close the driver assistant your nexus 5 should now appear as an mtp device on your computer .
unplug usb cable from your pc . go to ' settings ' > ' storage ' . in options , click ' usb computer connection ' now check on ' camera ( ptp ) ' connect your device to pc . after connecting , if drivers are installed successfully , unplug device , switch back to mtp mode and connect to pc .
i had problems with my nexus 5 not sending mms messages and it turned out the pictures were just to big . i downloaded an app called go sms pro ( it is free ) and it automatically re-sizes it , and it fixed the issue .
i finally hit upon apn settings which did the trick for me . apn name : straight_talk apn : tfdata port : 80 username : not set password : not set server : not set mmsc : http://mms-tf.net mms proxy : 66.209.11.33 mms port : 80 mcc : 310 mnc : 410 auth type : none apn type : default , supl , mms , hipri , agps , fota , dun , entitle
pure calendar widget ( not free ) has an option for how many days ahead to show calendar/task entries for . there is an option for 2 days that would suit your needs perfectly . note that you will need a supported app to sync the tasks from google ( gtasks , astrid , etc . ) see the list of supported task apps here .
could it be that the sim contacts are corroded or bent slightly , so that the phone thinks it lost connection and then regained it ? if this is the case , try cleaning the contacts with alcohol .
so i found a solution that works for indian vodafone 3g users at least . simply create a new access point with the same settings as the one provided ( called vodafone connect ) , set it as default , and reboot . i have not seen the popup appear again after that .
busybox for rooted devices gives many of linux 's standard utilities . in terms of a real linux distro , there are tons of how-tos found on the web with a simple google search . specifically , here is a step-by-step guide from xda-developers forum on building a debian image for , and installing it on , the galaxy tab 10.1 tablet .
in one of my attempts to i was trying to upgrade the hboot from 0.80.0007 to 1.01 and luckily flashing the device with ruu_buzz_froyo_htc_wwe_2.22.405.1_radio_13.55.55.24h_3.35.20.10_release_160191_signed . exe it also brought my wildfire to the stock rom .
if your device is rooted now you may use titanium backup . it has freeze feature beside uninstall system apps ( freeze is similar with uninstall but it is reversable )
have you tried teamviewer ? you can use it to control all os .
unified remote has worked very well for me in the past . website android app
try nova launcher from the play store . you can import your old home screen pretty easily and it allows you to " infinite scroll " . press Menu on the home screen > press Nova Settings > press Desktop > check Infinite Scroll
profiles are just a way to change a bunch of settings at once . by long-pressing the power button and tapping ring/vibrate/silent ( below airplane mode ) you change a single setting however : the ringing behaviour . the profiles work slightly different to what you expect . you most probably forgot to enable some switches of the standard profile , most of them are on/off settings for which a profile has 3 actions : activate deactivate modify / do-not-modify this is for example very handy for a car mode that you activate to just switch off a security lock screen ( + enable gps and leave all else as is ) . the standard profile has a lot of those unset do-not-modify checkboxes ( the checkboxes to the right ) , so unless you check them the profile does not actually change those settings . tick the checkbox and try again !
currently xperia phones with newer erom , bootloaders can not be unlocked via the above mentioned test point method . got the information from http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=30675295postcount=108
terminal emulator absolutely supports scripts* . do not believe the nay-sayers . you will need to learn bash shell scripting , if you are not already familiar with it . write a script and save it on your sd card . run it with " sh filename " from term . if you clarify what it is you want to " script " having to do with ssh , i can likely give you a better recommendation . * ( it is actually the android os that supports bash scripts , terminal emulator just grants you access to the android shell , therefore scripting is inherently possible )
if the simple ssh client is interesting to you , i made under android-ndk bionic library drobpear-ssh-client-only . ftp://ftp . simtreas . ru/pub/my/dropbear/dropbear-ssh-only . tgz sourse and ftp://ftp . simtreas . ru/pub/my/dropbear/ssh binary
use an ssh plugin for tasker ? do not need root or ssh binary then .
to call ssh from a script , all you need to do is set up ssh keys . there are a million how-tos on the web , but there is a page on the cyanogen wiki that might be more suited to android users . once you set up keys , your general ssh command would look something like this : ssh -i /path/to/key user@ip you can put that in a script , run it , and you will be logged in to the remote machine . but here 's what i think you are wanting to do . to only execute a command on a remote computer , just add it in single quotes : ssh -i /path/to/key user@ip ' command ' that executes the command on the remote machine without logging you in . you can run commands with options , pipes , redirects etc , but it is sometimes better to keep them simple . except for the delay , it looks the same as executing the command ( s ) locally and can be used the same . locale execute can be picky about what commands it will run . if it does not work , try putting it in a script and using locale execute to run the script . also , i have had problems with the ssh binary that is on the phone and found that moving it from /system/xbin and creating a link at /system/xbin/ssh to the better terminal emulator ssh binary is more reliable . the btep binary is in /data/data/com . magicandroidapps . bettertermpro/bin/ssh
since my original question was about an ssh binary , and there is an answer for that , i will accept that answer . however , there is another way to do what i wanted to do , kinda , that might be interesting to someone some day . tasker + connectbot can be used to execute arbitrary remote ( or local , i guess , but locale execute is better for that ) commands on a schedule . step 1: set up your connection in connectbot . you can have duplicate connections in connectbot as long as they have different aliases . you have to rename one first ( away from user@host ) in order to create the second . long press and select " edit host " to perform these changes . you probably want to set up an ssh key without a password so that you can use this for automation . once the connection actually works , you can use " post-login automation " to add the remote commands you would like to run . make sure there is a blank line at the end so that enter is sent after your last command . use enter or ; to separate commands . i suggest using something like " echo hello " as a test until you are sure things are working , and " exit " at the end if you do not want to leave the connection open . test this in isolation . step 2: create a tasker task to call connectbot . create a new task in tasker . add an action . from misc , select " action intent " the fields are : action : android . intent . action . view cat : default data : ssh url , in the form of " ssh://user@host/#alias " ( without the quotes ) . the alias , user and host here must match the alias you set up in step 1 . target : activity click test . connectbot should open and your commands should execute on the remote host . step 3: use this task in tasker however you would normally .
i know it is an old thread but wanted to +1 the comment about btep i am also using btep 's ssh binary though i just call it from it is path instead of linking it /data/data/com . magicandroidapps . bettertermpro/bin/ssh root@192.168.1.1 or generate a pair of keys and use public key authentication /data/data/com . magicandroidapps . bettertermpro/bin/ssh -i /data/data/com . magicandroidapps . bettertermpro/home/ . ssh/id_rsa -l root 192.168.1.1 i use the above command from sl4a r4 in various scripts and it works fine : ) before i could do this i needed to chmod a+x /data/data/com . magicandroidapps . bettertermpro/home/ . ssh once this is done and you backup/restore btep with titaniumbackup the permissions are kept this means if you flash a new rom you can just restore the apps and all your scripts will work again
botbrew is a package manager for android , in the likes of okpg for bsd or more recently , like APT for debian . pretty nice . it does not have an ssh client as a package , but it does not look too hard to put in if you are used to building your own packages . and it could be useful as a toolchain for when you want to build other c/c++/etc binaries and libraries . so albeit this is not a direct answer , it may be useful for some people to know about .
install terminal emulator and quickssh . quickssh also includes dropbear . does not cost you money , which it should not because this is surpassingly simple and it is based on dropbear . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=berserker.android.apps.sshdroid find -name ssh user@host problem solved
andftp can connect over any port you configure so i am sure it could connect over ssh . but i am not sure how easy it is to script usage of it . i use the app myself all the time for my hosting server and it works great . not sure if you can ssh with terminal emulator , but you could try it too . i use that app frequently for doing things i am too lazy to do with adb .
you can install the terminal emulator from google . alternatively there is the better terminal emulator pro . i tried the terminal emulator on a non-rooted phone and it seemed to work fine . better terminal emulator pro includes the dropbear ssh client , which can be launched from the command line or via a launcher . more info from the authors .
i have dropbear starting on system boot . it is light and cheerful and happy . http://kennystechtalk.blogspot.com/2013/06/dropbear-ssh-server-on-android.html
i have successfully used botbrew basil experimental when running android 4.4 . botbrew basil experimental is based on apt-get so after installing apk and bootstraping i just did apt-get install dropbear in a root shell to install ssh client ( and server ) .
cyanogenmod developers coined the term " kang " originally . it goes back to the beginnings of android development . it used to mean having one 's development work taken , manipulated , rebranded , and re-released by someone else with no credit to the original developer . later this term morphed into having a less malicious meaning , and stands for the process of creating a code based of someone else 's code or reapplying code that someone else created into your own code . a " kang " therefore is a derivative work , based on the original with some modifications . it usually means an unauthorized version of a custom rom .
wvm is a video file that has been encrypted using the widevine ( now google ) drm platform . the first 10 seconds are not encrypted , that is why you can see it in vlc .
wmv stands for windows media video -- so what you have found very likely is a video-file with subtitles . it could be a demo video shipped together with the application in whichs directory it resides ( google play movies and tv ) . i would say it should be safe to delete it -- but i would first try doing so via the app itself to be sure ( there you also could first play it to see what it is about -- plus deleting it from there would ensure all connected data is removed as well ) . in the worst case , you may need to re-install the app .
these files are for the transformers : dark of the moon film which was included promotionally with your nexus 7 . the movie was not , at least in my case , pre-installed on your device , as it takes a considerable amount of your available storage space ( especially if you have an 8gb unit ! ) . i am guessing you must at some point have unknowingly hit the small ' button ' on the video telling it to download the film for offline use . the first thing that came to my mind was , that this may be a webm video file ( matroska container + vp8 video stream + vorbis audio stream ) . it would have made sense . but feeding the file to mediainfo looks like this : an avc video stream and aac audio stream , is what one would expect from a regular mp4 , but mpeg-ps format ( ps = program stream ) is unusual . this is how a regular mp4 looks in mediainfo : the file [ from the nexus 7 ] even plays for a few seconds in vlc and in mplayer , but then i get error messages . so either the format is not yet supported or it is sort of encrypted .
a wvm file is not the same as a wmv , the wvm is a video downloaded from google play movies and is a type of mpeg-4 video file . it is currently unable to be opened by anything other than the google play movies app because of the drm properties surrounding the file .
wmv and wvm not same . if you download some film in the android market inside this film format wvm . if you want to check you can . this file inside ( storage - sdcard0 - android - data - com . google . android . videos - files - movies -yi5zzw43oubnbwfpbc5jb20 ) all this film this folder inside . you can delete if you want .
there are at least three ways of doing it : programmatically by starting an activity with Intent.ACTION_DIAL: programmatically by broadcasting an intent : with a third party app : i developped an open source app that crawls androidmanifest . xml files on your device to found secret codes , and allows you to execute the secret codes available on your device . you can get it on the play store or on the github repository android-secret codes .
tethering is a feature that is usually offered by the carrier for an additional fee . you should check with your carrier . also it would have helped to include which android device you have . . . . .
no . both versions of the nexus 7 use ips lcd displays , which are not vulnerable to burn-in or other detrimental effects from displaying a fixed graphic . burn-in in currently used display technologies is a problem limited to organic light emitting diode ( oled ) displays , such as those used on the samsung galaxy s3 and s4 . the electroluminescent compounds used to make these displays degrade as they are used ( resulting in reduced brightness over time ) , thus displaying a fixed graphic will result in some parts of the screen wearing at a different rate than other parts . compounding this issue is that different colours of oled degrade at different rates ( blue degrades fastest , followed by green , then red ) . here 's an example of what this looks like . the burned-in sections will be permanently darker than the rest of the screen .
i believe every app has an odex db because this keeps the app files for running the app , the widget or apk cant work without it . its normally located in the secure file system under apps , each app with have its icon and the odex file with the same name . odex next to it .
when your rom is booted up for the first time , android 's dalvik goes through every apk and extracts the dex file from it . it places the dex files in the cache folder - located at /data/dalvik-cache . this is the directory that gets cleared when you clear the dalvik cache in your recovery tool
what package were you using in odin to flash your phone ? i do not think flashing a new os in odin will help much with rooting . download towelroot on your phone , and root that way : towelroot . com download and install the apk . click the lamda , and then install supersu from the play store .
the actual update should take at very most half an hour , the download time may vary though . other than a backup , i do not see what else you had need to do . if you have trouble , come back and post a separate question with details . the update usually either fails entirely ( in which case you can try again ) or works fine , you should not end up in some half-updated broken state .
updated the firmware successfully . : ) took almost 40 minutes for the upgrade process to finish completely . after the update i was amazed to see that all the settings , programs , contacts and accounts were there . i did not have to restore from the backup that i took earlier . froyo is much faster that eclair . hope this answer is helpful to those looking to upgrade their firmware but feared ( like me ) the risk of data being lost or phone malfunctioning . go ahead and upgrade your firmware . you will love it . here are the screenshots
there are no ps2 emulators for android yet , but there is a rumor on pcsx2 possibly being ported to android sometime in the future . as of now , most devices do not have the desired computing power for ps2 emulation , but in the future they most likely will .
have you tried turning it on and off again ? if it does not work , take it back to the shop .
if you do not want to use any 3rd-party apps , then you have to learn programming and make your own . in my opinion , the best way to do this is using automateit . its normal features include " set volume " actions and if you register an account , then you could download one pro codec , like the " multiple ( or ) " event that , could also be used when more than one app are opened . all types of volume can be changed when a certain event happens .
you can also try mounting the sd card from recovery mode . select mount usb storage .
easiest way i know , a little late , but if you are stilll wondering . when you plug in your phone to the computer , it comes up under drive h , i believe , and then a secondary drive opens . also on my windows computer it is under drive j , and that there is your sd card .
i do not know why upgrading to ics would make a difference to mounting your ext sd card if you could connect before , but you might want to doublecheck that your ubuntu system 's udev config is correct : doublecheck that the vendor id for your galaxy is 04e8 using sudo lsusb ; you should see a line something like Bus 002 Device 010: ID 04e8:0c02 Samsung Corp using your favourite editor as root edit ( or create ) "/etc/udev/rules . d/51-android . rules” and add this line : SUBSYSTEM=="usb", SYSFS{idVendor}=="04e8", MODE="0666" make sure the perms are right for the file you just edited : sudo chmod a+rx /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules restart the usb subsystem : sudo restart udev connect your galaxy and see if your sd card shows up now
there is no problem with ubuntu , problem is most probably in your phone settings or your phone system . it would be very helpful to know from which source did you get your upgrade , was it official update from your phone provider or something found on the net ? according to your picture you have 12gb of internal storage and 16gb sd card inserted in your phone . numbers you see are the result of conversion of 16.000.000.000 bytes ( which is 16gb as memory or hdd manufacturers think ) into the gigabytes , each containing 1024*1024*1024 = 1073741824 bytes . if you divide the 16.000.000.000 by 1024*1024*1024 you will get your 14.9gb or something . grayed out " mount sd card " under usb storage possibly represents the external usb storage you might insert into the usb port of your phone . there is no reason to click on it , unless you have the external usb storage plugged in . and even then , i am not sure if this is actually supported on sgs2 . missing from your screen grabs , there supposed to be a " menu " option below the " storage " page , usually represented as three dots aligned one above the other . if you click on this " menu " , you will most probably be shown " usb computer connection " submenu or something similar . once you get there , you may change how your phone represents the memory you have to the computer . if you make a screen grab of that screen , i could tell you which option to select . as a side note , it is not a very good idea to remove/insert sd card without unmounting it first . please , next time you remove sd card from your phone , power the phone off or issue " unmount sd card " from the " storage " screen you have shown in the question . if you could not find " usb computer connection " submenu on the storage screen , you may try this approach to make usb mass storage to work on your device : open settings , then click more… ( under wireless and network ) . select usb utilities / set usb cable connection mode . select " connect storage to pc " . connect usb cable from phone to pc . click " turn on usb storage " . also , you might need to turn off " usb debug " before trying this .
i have tried connecting the galaxy note with a sd to my ubuntu installation ( 11.04 ) and it recognizes both . make sure you have usb debugging enabled .
on my samsung galaxy s ii model gt-i9100 , i have to do the following to enable mounting on linux : go to settings &rarr ; storage click the menu button go to " usb computer connection " click anything other than " mass storage " click " mass storage " this brings up the old familiar " usb mass storage " screen with a big friendly " turn on usb storage " button . on arch i also had to install the fuse-exfat package .
the solution was to wipe and reflash the rom . i guess the earlier rom i had was just messed up as far as usb is concerned .
same idea as roxan : go to the market ( oops , playstore ) and look for an app named pocket ( formerly known as " readitlater" ) . this allows you to store urls from many apps via the share menu to your free pocket account . as for your pc , there is e.g. a firefox addon available ( for alternative choices , see the pocket website . this is much more convenient than sharing via bluetooth .
first use a browser that can download the current page/html file . then using a file manager of your choice , use the " share " option and it should send the html file .
i believe this is a galaxy s/tab specific issue . i and many others cannot get skype to work on our galaxy s devices , and the tab is very similar .
what is odd is that there seem to be three different skype apps for android , but most people can only see one or the other available . there is skype available in the market and currently at v1.0.0.659 . this lists : skype-to-skype calls over 3g or wifi data plan or wifi connection required ( calling in u . s - wifi only ) then there is skype mobile for verizon , which i think is at v1.5.0.16 . this one says this but does not mention wifi in its description currently : unlimited skype-to-skype calls and instant messaging without using your plan minutes finally the 3 network in the uk have a special version of the skype app where you are never charged for skype calls over their network , get that here ( only works if you are on the 3 network ) . it looks like the market must be doing a check on your country ( or maybe which phone network your device is locked to ? ) to decide which to give you , and so which restrictions to apply to you . it looks like your device is only offering you skype mobile , and not skype . gotta love how the phone companies are desperately trying to keep themselves relevant in the face of customers who really would rather do things another way !
skype today released skype 1.0.2 , and mayor change is support for samsung galaxy s . maybe this will affect your phone too . update and see
i am such an idiot . a picture is worth a thousand words : when i bought my device , about a year ago , i turned on the feature " sim change alert - send sms when sim card is changed " . i completely forgot about it later , and it only came back to me today . of course the recipients i defined were my own number and my wife 's . the lead i followed was @roxan 's comment , which raised the suspicion about the mobile tracker app . a google search led me to this forum post that describes this security feature , and when i read it i recalled that i turned it on . despite this incident , i actually still think this is an excellent feature that can really help in case my device will be stolen , but i just have to remember to turn it off before i change the sim card myself . . .
to anyone still reading this . there is an app on play ( galaxy charging current lite ) that shows the charging current while charging . uppon reaserching i find out that the phone software limits charging current . the default current for ac charging is set to 800ma , for usb charging to 480ma . but if you are rooted , you can apply new kernel ( mine is agni purecm kernel ) and you can change that up to ac : 1500ma , usb : 1000ma . but you must have ac charger that can produce that current . original samsung is 1000ma .
look into the usb battery charge spec 2.0 for cdp . a simple accessory to test with is an evaluated kit for the tps2546 . available from digikey for about $25 . note i believe my siii recently stopped supporting cdp after a vzw update . . .
if you have spare parts installed there is detailed information in there about the state of the battery . also , you can find out what is the application that is sucking up most of the battery via settings > about phone > battery use .
it depends on the app in question . handcent sms / gosms have options for changing the led colour . as an aside , there is also the ability to configure per-recipient tones , vibrate modes , notification icons and of course led colours . if you are looking for an all-in-one app to manage led notifications for commonly used apps , give light flow a try . edit : also blink
if you have a us galaxy s3 , all led programs have issues with the colors ( handcent , gosms , etc ) except lightflow . if you select green , it will be blue , etc . lightflow works flawlessly . the problme i have with lightflow is the battery would drain faster with the app installed . i ran a test where i left the phone idle for 55 mins ( no screen on , no led flashing , no gps , txt , phone . . ) and battery drainage was 8-10% . i uninstalled the app , and did the same test and battery drainage was only 4% . for now ( until gosms supports led for the us s3 ) , i am just using the built in s3 led notification option ( under system settings ) . it works , you just can not change the colors .
yes you can ! check up this answer about talkatone here , it is based on google voice . the sound -quality is not the best but i like the idea that i actually need just a wifi to make cheap international calls . i have actually replaced my landline/mobile/local -phones vith google-voice because it is much more convenient to pay to it through credit card and much more convient than carrying a massive amount of prepaid/post-paid -cards when travelling-or-just-living-well-and-free-etc , highly recommended tool indeed ! talkatone in ipad is a killer , a bit like facetime but integrated to facebook and probaly to other services in the future . talkatone in android is similar , good integration so saving time in toning all contacts from google contacts , fb contacts , etc . if you are a buz , you can imagine how much time this will save -- you need less to worry about crazy international -phone charges and you can actually drop out mobile-phone -contracts altogether , just charge employers with google wallet/voice ! talkatone has poor sound -quality because it wants to sell its premium service but if ads and a bit poorer sound quality do not matter , it has worked for me , nicely ( have not tried the premium -service ) . a good/bad side is that your number is some oddity but extremely good side is that you do not need to know the prefix with internatinal calls in using google voice , super convenient ! -sim-card ? -yes you do not need a sim -card to make international calls , just wifi . phone does not require sim -card , dot . victory : )
total = application + data application = size of apk file of the app data = space consumed by /data/data/&lt;Package_Name_of_App&gt; ( it contains data stored by the app ) other stats details : if Force Stop button is active , it means the app is running in background . you can use this button to stop the app from running . Cache section shows how much data the app has stored in /cache partition . if Clear Defaults button is active , it means the app is set as default to complete an action like sending email , open url etc . you can tap this button to clear default ( s ) . on the same page , you can get list and small description about Permissions the app has . if you need explanation of permissions , check this article out .
it is not possible to directly upload songs from your device to google music , but there is an alternative way i can suggest you . advice : is kinda a long process for something so simple , but , hey , google 's fault . you need dropbox , dropsync ( free for one folder on the market https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ttxapps.dropsyncfeature=search_result#?t=w251bgwsmswxldesimnvbs50dhhhchbzlmryb3bzew5jil0 . but we do not need the pro key for this , even if it is a great program and i suggest you to use it :p ) and , sadly , a pc with google music manager and dropbox installed . it kinda defeat its purpose this way , but it is the only automatic way to do this , as far as i know . otherwise you had have to manually transfer every song from your phone to your pc . you simply start installing dropbox and getting it to work . when it is all set up , you open dropsync and select the folder with your song inside and a folder on dropbox , which shall contain only your music files . done ? now you fire up your pc and launch google music manager . select the folder you synced with dropsync and check " automatically upload new song " . what happens now ? everytime you download a song in your device , in the folder you selected , dropsync copies it on your pc , which triggers google music manager to upload it to its servers . so yeah , google music should implement a way to do this , definitely , but here 's this workaround ; )
i want to know if 4.1 is set-up to use push notifications efficiently with regards to battery drain well the short answer is yes , but this sounds like a misguided question . push notifications have been around for a lot longer than 4.1 and to my knowledge there are not any major " efficiencies " that were added to the android os after 4.1 to improve handling push notifications . for push notifications to work , you need 4 components : ( 1 ) an app server that is processing data for you in the cloud and wants to inform you about an event ( for ex : twitter/facebook servers ) ( 2 ) a push notification server that can receive requests from ( 1 ) , figure out who its intended for , and dispatch a push to the right user/device combination ( ex : google cloud messaging server ) ( 3 ) a counterpart android app/service that is always running in the background and has a persistent ( always-on ) connection to ( 2 ) so it may receive the push , figure out which app it is intended for , wake up that app and send it the small push data ( ex : google play store native app ) ( 4 ) an android app that can receive this local data from ( 3 ) and figure out how best to inform the user about this push notification ( typically by putting up a notification indicator in the status bar ) ( ex : twitter android app ) . this is what the end user thinks of as a push notification . not all push notifications needs to show themselves in the status/notification bar though , they are sent silently by ( 3 ) and it is up to ( 4 ) to determine if a notification should be shown to the user ideally , even with push notifications setting turned on , ( 4 ) is not awake . it'll be awakened by ( 3 ) when ( 3 ) receives the push from ( 2 ) . google provides the gcm framework that provides ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) . so provided your apps are using gcm ( or other equivalent services like urbanairship , xtify etc ) , any excessive battery drain you might notice is the fault of ( 1 ) or ( 4 ) , both of which are the fault of the app developer . ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) maybe combined , as can ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) . so if the apps you are installing have their own push service , that is still an issue with their code , not your device or the os . additional reading : google cloud messaging architecture
push notifications are designed to be the solution to battery draining apps that constantly monitor for data that has changed locally or on a server . because of this they are very battery efficient . my phone typically will get 20 notifications in a few hours with less than 1% total battery use . if your having huge battery drain problems , your phone is probably not sleeping properly which is usually due to an app that is preventing the phone from sleeping . i might be able to help you resolve this with some more information , such as phone , android version ( or rom if your rooted ) and a screenshot of your battery screen after your phone has been running for a few hours . i will update my answer accordingly .
you may have a bad file , either from a bad source or it just got corrupted . i would try again . follow this tutorial on droidforums .net. it reportedly works fine with frg83d .
not exactly a solution , but this seems to be part of the problem : launch camera directly from lock screen time is often of the essence when trying to capture the perfect picture . the galaxy s5 lets you bypass the lock screen to snap a picture . simply swipe the camera icon up ( in the lower right hand corner ) and you’ll launch directly into the camera app ! if this feature isn’t turned on you can do so by : go to settings > lock screen check “camera shortcut” you’re done ! even if you have a pattern or password lock set up this will let you take pictures without unlocking your phone . how this is being enabled is anyones guess .
for non-rooted phones . up until 2.1 it is not possible . regular apps do not have the permission to perform full wipes or factory restores . i believe there are apps that erase your call/sms records and your contacts . starting with 2.2 , it seems google is granting limited root powers to apps that use device administration . it is supposedly a way for enterprises to policy their employee 's phones , and requires an extra confirmation by the owner . but i believe it could be used by anyone writing an app . in fact , the code for wiping seems so simple that i think you could write an open-source app yourself if you have some programming background . ; - ) for rooted phones . there are remote wipe apps , but i do not believe any of them is open source ( that i have heard of ) . remote wipe for root users is possibly the simplest one , and it is in the market , but i have never tried it myself . this app is no longer on the market .
one open-source remote security app is prey , although i do not think it does remote wipe .
kaspersky security does some remote locking and other things like location .
if the need for an open source app is purely down to your lack of trust in opaque , pre-compiled apps , then there are remote wipe apps that you do not need to keep permanently installed on your phone , but you can just push-install from the market when needed . this way you would only need to have the app installed on the phone for seconds before it is wiped . some options for that are in this previous question is there any way to erase personal information from my phone that has already been stolen ?
without question the security best app that also does remote wiping is cerberus . i reviewed cerberus and a bunch of other security apps some little while ago , and have not seen anything to change my opinion yet . short answer as to why cerberus is better : it is controllable both by sms and by a web dashboard , can be integrated into the kernel so that a reset does not wipe it , and has a boatload of well implemented features . well worth the $5 it costs . @nicolas-raoul asked me to post my thoughts about the open source app prey , so here they are my review : some redditors asked about prey as a phone security app . i just tried it out , and it’s missing most features i would consider important . the most vital was that while you can trigger it via a text message , i didn’t see any way to trigger a “report” from the website . in fact , you have to subscribe to the pro version at us$5 . oo/month in order to be able to request the geolocation whenever you want it as opposed to whenever the prey app runs at some unspecified interval , which pretty much kills the utility of the app as an anti-theft utility . the only features i could find were obtaining the current location ( but no real time tracking , and it doesn’t specify whether it gets the info from gps or by cell tower triangulation so it may not resolve very far ) , getting phone network info , triggering an audio alarm , triggering a message box alert , and locking the phone . while it’s great that it’s open source and that it supports so many mobile computing platforms and so might be good for protecting laptops or tablets , i wouldn’t recommend it as a phone anti-theft device .
the battery indicator app in the first picture shown appears to be ours so i would thought i would respond . :- ) the ongoing notification shows because all ongoing notifications in android currently must display a notification as shown , and because the app must always be in memory to work correctly . you do not need a custom rom to be sure the battery is not being drained too much . over a year ago i joined with dmytro shkil to publish both battery notifier ( big text ) and battery notifier pro bt because his original program consumed less battery than any other app i had tried . tested with systempanel with the display intentionally kept on , the free and paid versions of our program today still consume less than . 01% cpu over 8 hours . we have left out fancy graphs and other eyecandy to keep our app consuming as little battery as possible . larryvgs http://batterynotifierpro.blogspot.com/
the battery power such app uses is very insignificant if well made . i use such app and it never shows up in the battery usage statistics . that makes me conclude that on a full cycle of 100% to 0% , those apps will not be responsible for even 1% . if the app you use does show up , it is too intensive and you should try another .
yes , of course they consume battery . you can go and check in settings > > battery how much is the app actually consuming . ( it should appear something like shown the following screenshot ) i think it might not consume a significant amount like other apps , but just check it and see if you are okay with the amount of battery it is consuming . also , if all you want is remaining battery percentage , i would recommend installing a custom rom like cyanogenmod that shows the percentage on the status bar itself . ( see the status bar in the screenshot below )
all battery indicator apps will consume more battery since they need to monitor the battery and that takes cpu cycles . the only difference lies in the apps themselves , on how often and precise they check the battery level and other extra stuff ( stats , eyecandy , . . . ) .
i think the problem is the fact that it is a sdhc card . sdhc cards are rather new , and are not supported yet in most devices . so maybe you could try to find a normal sdsc card ( from digital camera , friends , family . . ) to test if it works with that type . the reason why sdhc cards are not yet supported in some devices is because it uses another type of card-specific data ( csd ) register . this results in some compatibility issues with some ( older ) devices . but if you want to know more about this , i recommond to use google . i would think though that a new device like yours ( because it has android 4.0 ) would support this already . . i have not heard of the brand before , so i do not really know the quality of their devices . edit : the device should support sdhc cards up to 32gb according to the specs , so that can not be the problem . i suggest contacting the support then , maybe they can tell you what is wrong and what you can try . .
phone usage is a great app that can monitor usage and do all of the following ! ( description on app page ) monitor your phone call , text and network data usage . ★★★★★ " loads of similar apps on the market , but this one beats them hands down . " ★ set limits on daily , weekly and monthly usage . ★ alerts when you break your usage limits . ★ widgets for calls , texts and data . ★ see which apps are using the most data . ★ see who you call the most . ★ see usage per hour , day , week and month .
you might want to take a look at droidstats : ( screenshots from the playstore ) . it also offers you to define free numbers ( which you are not charged for ) , to exclude them from your calculation . as the screenshot 2 shows , you have widgets giving you a view at a glance without invoking the app itself . in fact , i only do so if i want to browse statistics : whom i called most , with whom i talked for the most time , and the like . as for notifications : the donation version at least allows you to place the widgets inside the notification bar . i think you got a warning when reaching your limits , but i am not sure as i rarely happen to do so ; )
you could always try the trick of sticking the phone in rice along with the things that tom pointed out . but in the end , since you can already see the damage , it might already be too late . seeing that you have a newer phone , you might still be under warranty , so i hate to say it but that probably will be your best bet if you want a completely fixed phone . water damage is the worst to phones !
it looks like your screen has been effected by the water and needs a new screen . you can also open it up and dry the screen and digitalizer carefully . maybe the screen and digitalizer are still wet on the inside . ifixit has said that it is " impossible " to repair it ( open it up and being able to close it again ) , so be warned . the other option is to turn your phone off and put it in the oven for a short few minutes . the heat will come into the phone and the water will dry up , but it is not guarenteed , since it looks like the screen has already been infected . it is best to let a technician do it is thing . take note that waterdamage is probably not a warranty thing , so that they are charging serious money . it is your choice to let it repair or not , because i do not think your phone will suddenly stop functioning . if it does , you can always let your phone being repaired later .
depending on your warranty , budget and how much time you have got to invest in the fix . . . under warranty : if your phone is under warranty , contact the store you bought it from and find out if water damage is covered . . . if it is , you are golden ! let them fix it for free . otherwise , read on . . . cheap , does not void warranty , but takes time : start with using a desiccant to try to dry-out the phone . this is the least invasive way to try to fix the problem as you do not have to take the phone apart , but as much water as it seems you have got in your phone . . . it could takes days to dry it out . if you have got rice around , then find some kind of container/tupperware that you can seal your phone in along with a bunch of rice . then leave it sealed ( important to seal it , so the rice is pulling the moisture from the phone and not the air ) like that for several days . the other option , if you want something a little stronger than rice is to stop by an art and craft store and buy some desiccant bags . do the same thing with sealing your phone in with the desiccant and leave for a couple of days and then check on it . cheap , but risky and could potentially void warranty : check the internet and sites like ifixit for directions on taking apart your phone . do so and carefully dab dry any pools of wetness you find and then leave all the pieces out in the open air to dry overnight . put it all back together the next day and the phone should be all better . . . and you will have had the experience of taking apart a phone ! safest , does not void warranty , but likely expensive : bring the phone to an authorized repair store and have them fix it . if the warranty does not cover it , it'll likely cost quite a bit but since it is done by an authorized repair shop , you will not lose warranty status in case something else happens .
i have had this issue happening with three different devices - motorola backflip , motorola defy and genesis gt-1230 . the cause is always cheap third-party chargers -- and in my case , it works fine when plugged to the computer via usb cable ( it is an original motorola cable ) .
i have encountered this problem with my samsung galaxy ii s , but only when i am using a third party charger of dubious quality . the hardware buttons continue to work but the touchscreen becomes unresponsive . the issue does not occur with the oem charger .
i had the same problem with the htc nexus one and it was directly related to heat . whenever the phone got too hot the touch screen would flake out . charging the phone makes it heat up , the worst time for me was when it was in the car dock , heat from charging and from the screen being on all the time . when ever it did this all i had to do was hold it in front of the ac vent for 15 - 30 seconds and the screen would work normally .
you can give this a try : 1 . if you are in windows machine download my public wifi and install 2 . set desired network name ( ssid ) and network key i.e. password . let enable internet sharing check box be checked in , and select the appropriate network connection from which you are accessing internet in your pc or laptop . 3 . press “set up and start hotspot“ , this makes your pc as hotspot . 4 . now try connecting from your droid
first , you should your phone has been root and can access to cwm , you can goolged the ad-hoc patch which is suitable for your phone 's rom version ( 2.3.4 rom or other ) , you can search in xda forum .
please try the following : android settings application manager all apps ( drag page to the left ) search your app and tap on it make shure , the box show notifications is unchecked problem solved ?
accept the update , it does not charge you unless you subscribe to the premium package . aside from that , you could decompile the apk and remove the push notification for updates .
i was able to remove ads from my sprint voice mail with out root . on the android device , go to voice mail > > menu > > settings > > uncheck display ads . hope this works for you .
this can happen when the contact is not one you originally typed into your phone , but it instead was synced using an app , such as from an exchange address list . in this case , you need to either create a copy of the contact on your phone , and edit the copy , or go to the source that the contact was synced from and edit it there .
use the phone information dial code if it works . in your dialer enter *#*#4636#*#* to get to the phone info screen . on my spica running 2.1 eclair , the last option of usage statistics shows the usage time ( in milliseconds ) and the no . of times an app has been launched . at first glance , it does however seem to be a log restricted from the time the phone was last booted .
the headphone jack of many android devices will accept audio input . a few caveats : audio input using this method is mono only . this will vary by device as some may not accept audio input , and others simply do not have headphone jacks . if a particular device came with a headset with a built-in mic , odds are it will accept audio input . this method does not support the use of an external mic while recording video . you will need to use a special adapter that will split the input/output of the jack . something like this or the adapter mentioned here would probably work . it seems like audio input through usb would be possible , but this feature request suggests it is not yet implemented .
if you to settings --> apps --> all , is it in the list of applications ? if so , click on it , click uninstall , and then try to reinstall it from the market . it is also possible that the market is incorrectly showing it as installed . if this is the case , try going to settings --> apps --> all --> market , click force stop , then clear data . the open the market again and see if google voice is still listed as installed , and if not , install it .
check the app drawer again -- it is listed ( alphabetically ) under " voice " , not " google voice " .
the fast web install feature relies on background data being enabled . if you turn this off , ( settings > account and sync > background data ) any apps you select in the market website will not be downloaded to your phone . when you switch background data back on , anything you ( or your nefarious account accessor ) have queued will be downloaded .
in the preference for the appbrain application there are settings to enable and disable fast web install . menu > preferences > disable fast web install .
i personally used missing sync , it is quite a good app for mac http://www.markspace.com/products/android/missing-sync-android.html
okay , i am admittedly not an apple guy , but it looks like you might need a third-party solution . according to some comments i found here , non-support of birthdays is a known thorn . to get around it , the commenter used spanning sync but also mentioned syncman . spanning sync offers a 15-day trial , after which it costs $25 for a one-year subscription or a $65 one-time purchase . the commenter referenced above did mention that he chose this because birthdays were not being sync'd . syncman offers a 30-day trial , after which you can purchase it for $14.99 . on the support page it specifically mentions birthdays as one of the things it syncs that the native google sync in address book does not .
follow these two threads http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2432476 http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2475045 if u still have problem post here will help u . . . . . edit : 1 . turn off the g2 by holding down the power button and keeping it held down until the screen goes black , then continue to hold it for a few seconds after it goes black to make sure it shut down . 2 . plug the g2 into the computer via the usb cable while holding volume up at the same time to put it into download mode .
i faced same problem : after a xposed module update i restarted and it got stuck in the samsung logo ( i am using samsung galaxy core ) . i have been digging everywhere on net and digged in xda too . what solved my issue : i got into safe-mode ( removed battery and put it back in then turned on the device and kept on pressing volume down button till it got into safe mode ) . went straight into settings-> application manager-> all and uninstalled xposed installer , then did a restart . bingo that is it , everything came to normal . just had to uninstall xposed installer ( better than wiping cache and restoring factory settings ) .
most of the time when a unpacked and modified rom gets repacked , it will become unusable/unstable because it failed to get resigned with the proper key . you need to have the zip package resigned from the original firmware key . that is why you are experiencing those hiccups . also if any of the apps depend on libs and/or resouces , you would need to make sure they are in place as well - prior to repacking and resigning for a decent write up take a look at this : http://androiddomain.weebly.com/build-your-own-rom.html . this will show one of the proper ways of repackaging a rom .
it probably did not exist when you posted this question , but now ted air can download a video to watch it offline .
i would suggest using doubletwist . doubletwist will re-encode any video to be suitable for your device , simply by dragging the video onto your device listed in the program . doubletwist has built-in functionality for subscribing to podcasts , but i use itunes to organize podcasts , then use doubletwist to send the content to , and play the content on , my htc hero .
i use beyondpod ( the full version ) to watch ted talks all the time . it pulls in a list of the videos from the feed and you can choose to download which ever ones you want and then play them right in beyondpod . there is no data connection required .
as of this date , simply download the official ted app and select the talk you like to view offline . then tap the download icon to the top-right corner to download . you can then play the downloaded videos offline from My Talks tab . if you are a kind of person who like to play the videos at higher speed , you can get apps that support fast playback such as VLC for Android or Dice Player . since all the downloaded files are stored in /sdcard/Android/data/com.ted.android/files/ , you can point the video player to that path . hope this helps someone .
wow . . . i saw this quesion , thought " there is gotta be something " . . . but a quick look around the market and web search shows there is nothing that is popular . i did find this article about podcast managers for android . i thought google listen could do this ? or maybe it only recently added that functionality ?
when you add your email account through the gmail app ( menu &rarr ; accounts &rarr ; add account ) , you will usually need to use your full email address for the " username " , rather than just your internal username . in addition , if your company uses single sign-on for google apps ( that is , if the login page for your business gmail is not on google . com and does not look like the gmail login page ) , you may need to set up a separate password for accessing gmail from a non-web interface . for this you will need to talk to your it department .
google apps has special setup ( expand the " hidden " section for android ) -- not hard at all , though . i have set it up in more than one app as i try them out : to configure the ' email ' app on an android device for access to google apps email , just follow the steps below : enable imap in your mail settings . on your phone , press &lt ; home > , then open the email application . on the ' your accounts ' page , select next to get started with setup . enter your full google apps email address and password , then select next . select imap account and then select next . on the ' incoming server settings ' page , some fields may be pre-populated . make sure to change the following : for ' username , ' enter your full google apps email address for ' imap server , ' enter 'imap.gmail.com' for ' port , ' enter '993' for ' security type , ' select ' ssl ( always ) '' select next . on the ' outgoing server settings ' page , some fields may be pre-populated . make sure to change the following : for ' smtp server ' enter 'smtp.gmail.com' for ' port , ' enter '465' for ' security type , ' select ' ssl ( always ) '' select next and continue through the setup options .
try opening the gmail app , then hit menu and click " accounts " . try to add your account this way . if that does not work then you will need to use the mail app and add the account as pop or imap .
you should be able to add your business email ( and calendar ) as an additional google account ( i have with mine ) - obviously making sure you enter your full email address including your company domain . if this is not working then speak to your domain admin in case they have locked down mobile access somehow :o/
did you do a full wipe before installing DDMF1 ? if not , then there is your problem . you must always do a full wipe when you switch roms ! ( exceptions are when you switch a cyanogenmod-based rom to another cyanogenmod-based rom )
are you sure that the camera is not damaged as well ? ip webcam has settings for resolution and quality , but i do not see anything indicating that it is tied to the screen of the device . actually , i am not sure we are using the same cam app . maybe it would help to try a different one . i used ' ip webcam ' because i was using mine for video . i am sure there are good options for still shots . you can also try using something like tinycam monitor ( free ) to view the stream if you are viewing live video . it makes for an easy security camera system .
ok . i did not get any specific responses/solutions ( thanks for the comments i did get thought ) , but it did prompt me to dig deeper since no one had an answer . i looked in the google play store and found several apps under " lockscreen " , " notificaitons " , or a combination of the two words . i found several apps that had some good features , but none really came close to providing rich/detailed notifications . some apps that i installed and tested . - nils notificaitons - widgetlocker - lock screen notifications - espier notifications- this one was promising , but never worked quite right in the end , i found one app that doesnt show up with the keywords " lockscreen " or " notificaitons " . this app required a lot of configuration , and you have to install some helper email apps . but the final result is acceptable ( image below ) . it also has some nice features , like the ability to add widgets ( in this case i added a weather widget ) . i could never do that on iphone , so it may be a good trade off . executive assistant paid version and executive assistant free version i hope this helps anyone looking for rich " iphone " like notifications .
try slide lock . it is awesome . just like ios version . ( click image for a larger version )
this simple app creates " false apps " . we can assign a shortcut to a " false app " . if we click on the " false app " , the shortcut will be executed : shortcut launcher in google play app store
summing up from the comments : first you need to understand that updating apps works different on android than it does on a " normal " linux distro : there is no such thing as " apt " . though android has its own package manager ( listening to the pm command ) , installs/updates are usually dealt with by services/apps like google-play-store or other alternative-markets . pm would rather be comparable with dpkg on debian-based systems : it can do local installs ( i.e. . with the .apk file already present on the device itself : pm install would be the command for that ) , and a lot of other things . apart from that : a terminal app can be compared with a terminal on linux allright . you get a text-mode " window " where you can execute commands . most are even similar to those available on linux , as android is linux based : you have things like cd , ls , grep , and more . for details on this , you might wish to take a look at e.g. ten basic android terminal commands you should know ( androidcentral ) using the terminal ( xda ) android terminal commands ( xda ) android shell command reference ( github ) our command-line tag-wiki a look into our terminal tag-wiki will not hurt either : ) i would say all terminal apps available for android should support the above . some even offer additional features , such as an entire development environment ( terminal ide ) , or access to remote servers ( juicessh ) .
afaik , these are sensors which android supports : - accelerometer measures amount of acceleration which the gravity applies to the device , in 3 dimension . therefore , the device can detect exactly in which position against the earth it is . its usefulness is very wide , but mostly in games . almost all of android phones have this sensor . - gyro this one is very related to accelerometer and according to wikipedia : " the integration of the gyroscope has allowed for more accurate recognition of movement within a 3d space than the previous lone accelerometer within a number of smartphones . gyroscopes in consumer electronics are usually called accelerometers ( acceleration sensors ) and come in 3-axis , 6-axis , etc . " not all of android phones have this sensor , but most of newer ones have . full list of android phones with gyro sensor - compass this one almost works like a normal real compass , but very very tiny ! it allows device to detect in which position it is against the poles of earth . so , apps using this sensor can show you the angle which you have hold the phone comparing to the north , south , east or west . it is main usage is in apps to find your way , in companion with gps , or for example finding qibla for muslims , or any other interested direction which you may need . list of android phones with compass - orientation i think this one is not a real sensor , but a side usage of accelerometer . orientation detection is most used for android ui and most apps to detect portrait or landscape position of the phone , to rotate the ui accordingly . almost all of android phones have this feature . - pressure ( barometer ) this one is relatively a new sensor , which detects pressure of air in area which device is in , just like a barometer . it is main usage is to detect altitude of current location of device from sea level . this helps gps to be faster and more accurate because one of 3 main values ( latitude , longitude , and altitude ) that are detected by gps , can be faster detected by barometer . so , gps would work faster in companion with barometer sensor . list of android phones with barometer sensor - proximity this sensor is mostly located beside earphone in top of front face of the phone . it can be seen easily if you put the phone under bright light ( unlike above sensors which are inside the phone and not visible ) . its main usage is to turn-off screen , when you are calling and phone is near your head . android turns off the screen , so it prevents accidental touch of screen when you are not supposed to , and also , it reduces battery consumption in calls . some apps also use this sensor to control phone by your hand gestures , because this sensor has 2 state , on and off . on for when something is near it ( about 1 cm ) and off for when nothing is near . most android phones have this sensor . list of android phones with proximity sensor - ambient light this sensor , as obvious from its name , measures ambient light in environment where the phone is in . its value is a number between 0 . . 255 ( darkest to brightest ) and is mainly used by android internal system to automatically adjust brightness of screen to be properly readable under bright light of the sun , and also in a dark room . not all android phones have this sensor , and no usage except adjustment of screen brightness can be considered for it . i could not find a list of phones with this sensor , but almost all if high-end android phones have this sensor . its favorite location to sit down in your phone , if ever exist , is near earphone at top of front panel , and looks like a tiny and dark front camera placeholder .
as far as i know " the requested item could not be found " status comes when the particular app/game is not compatible with your android mobile or its not there in market . i do not know if there are any other scenarios the same will occur .
i9300 is just a shortened form of gt-i9300 . they both mean the same device . just do not mix it up with the i9305 , which is a different device , specifically the international lte version . wikipedia has a useful chart of the different models and how they differ . minor models ( e . g . i9300/i9300t or i747/i747m ) are inter-compatible for rom purposes .
you have to wait until samsung lets out their update with their added components , or flash a custom rom onto it . i do not know how to do that , so i will not provide a recommendation . depending on what network you are on , it may be a little while yet . an article about that .
as the others have said , you have to wait . but it would help to know which galaxy nexus you have . is it a gsm one or verizon 's galaxy nexus ? i am pretty sure verizon has given up on updating that phone at this point . and regardless of which version you have , it will not be updated to 4.4 ( see : https://support.google.com/nexus/answer/3468085?hl=en ) but as zlatty said , you can always install a custom rom . the plus side to this is the development community has not given up on it and have been getting updates out frequently . plus , you lose the carrier bloat if yours is a verizon or sprint gnex . one word of advice to keep in mind if you go this route , though : installing a custom rom will require a factory reset and has a whole process to go through . you will lose any data you do not back up .
segmenting off of what matt voboril said , you can go over to xda developers and learn how to unlock your phone ( so you can tinker with it ) , install a new recovery ( so that you can manipulate at the system level ( backups , side-loading , installing new roms , etc . ) , and install a rom with the latest android ( 4.4.2 atm ) . if you are using verizon 's gnex , go here . if you have the gsm varient , go here . i would recommend anything that paranoidandroid , aokp or cyanogenmod have to offer .
there might be several approaches you could try . no guarantees whatsoever , and i did not try any of those . still mentioning them , so you can investigate for yourself . note further that these solutions will require root access on your device . first , there is an app called switchme , which already was available before the multi-user feature was released with android 4.2 . switchme works with android 2.1 and higher . second , our friends at xda have a thread on porting multi users jb to ics ( but it seems that approach died before producing a workable solution ) .
if the " other " calls are usually at certain times of the day , you could use tasker to automate things for you .
one alternative is " multi-user app share " , which is available from the play store . you can share an installed app with other users . data from the app will not be shared . shared paid apps will most likely not be validated when used , provided your tablet has a network connection . you will need root to be able to do this .
kitkat does indeed allow having multiple accounts use the play store in a single profile . first , create a new " shared " google account . then add this account to each of the kids ' profiles on their tablets . when adding this account to the device profiles , do not sync any of the email , calendar and other google services for the account . from the goole play store home page , you can select which account you had like to use to purchase apps . to prevent unintended purchases , make sure to adjust the settings so that a password is required for every purchase . select the shared account and purchase an app . then , on a second device , select the same shared account and download apps that were purchased on the first device . while there a little extra initial setup , this has been a great solution for sharing paid apps between the kids ' devices .
it is most probably a buggy 3rd party app ( preinstalled by samsung or by you ) . to find the offender i would install permissions and narrow the problem down to apps with precise gps location permissions . if this list is huge you can also cross-check with running apps ( task killer or quitetaskmanager , the latter lists more but is not available in google play ) . if you are rooted you could also run ' lsof | grep sdcard ' to see which processes have these gps/txt files open and subsequently delete the offending app , here 's a sample output :
in order to root an android phone , you have to take into account the manufacturer of the phone and the model , and also you need to take into account the android version installed . the process to root a phone is based on some exploit in the system , and each android version with each model has a different method , which takes advantage of different exploits . there are common exploits across some models , but in general , you need to look for a rooting method for your phone model and the android version it has . i have used this page on some occasions to look for tutorials , but you can also look in xda developers
try to use astro or if possible ( i mean if you are rooted ) root explorer . in case " move " fails , then try " copy " first and after successful copy revert to the original location and delete the aforementioned file . you are done !
i would use x-plore file manager . it has a split-view and you can simply open the location you wish to copy from on one side , and the location you wish to copy to on the other side , and long-press and choose move from the menu . the move location will be the location you have open in the other pane by default .
if your device have hardware buttons like menu , home , back buttons , you can get those options by clicking menu button . those 3 dots denotes menu options for an app . actually its useful for devices with capacitive ( software ) buttons . currently i am not sure about your device , and i can not find any device named galaxy grade . i you meant galaxy grand it have hardware buttons and you can use menu button as mentioned earlier .
this battery university article has a summary that states the following •a portable device should be turned off while charging . this allows the battery to reach the threshold voltage unhindered and reflects the correct saturation current responsible to terminate the charge . a parasitic load confuses the charger . •charge at a moderate temperature . do not charge below freezing . •lithium-ion does not need to be fully charged ; a partial charge is better . •chargers use different methods for “ready” indication . the light signal may not always indicate a full charge . •discontinue using charger and/or battery if the battery gets excessively warm . •before prolonged storage , apply some charge to bring the pack to about half charge . •over-discharged batteries can be “boosted” to life again . discard pack if the voltage does not rise to a normal level within a minute while on boost . i would also add that heat is the single worst enemy of any battery . keeping it cooler is always better . not cold , just cooler . any usage will cause heat , and do not worry about that , leaving it plugged in can generate a lot of heat at times .
are you referring to autofocus ? an autofocus ( or af ) optical system uses a sensor , a control system and a motor to focus fully automatic or on a manually selected point or area .
maybe turning data enabled to off ( mobile network settings on cm9 ) might help . in that way , it'll sync only when wifi is available .
an easier alternative would be to use emoji switcher ( requires root ) .
needs root access : you can change the AndroidEmoji.ttf font that can be found in /system/fonts/ . xda has a copy of different emoji fonts you can use .
thanks @eldarerathis the link to the video helped me get rid of it . to get rid of it , i had to double tap the " halo " and move to the x area just as you would when getting rid of apps from the launcher .
this could be achieved with tasker : you can create a " task " performing the HTTP_GET you need , and then create a shortcut to that task on your homescreen ( the same way you had create any other shortcut there : tasker task shows up in the list of available shortcuts , and lets you select the task to create the shortcut for ) .
according to this google page the android gmail app uses an ssl connection in both directions .
one should be careful to differentiate between the gmail app , and the default mail client . gmail app the gmail app is the pre-installed app created by google that can only be used with gmail . the answer to whether or not the gmail app is secure requires some understanding of android app security . this passage from the dev guide explains how developers may connect to an sslsocket to securely send tcp/ip communications . since the gmail app uses sslsockets when sending and receiving mail , all communications are secure [ citation needed ] . mail client unlike the gmail app , the default mail client can be used with any email account , including gmail . when using this client to send and receive gmail , an ssl connection must be used . the app is therefore also secure . google explains how to do this in their help pages .
i do not believe that it does use ssl , but my evidence is circumstantial/anecdotal . yesterday i connected to a public wifi from my nexus 7 . the native gmail client successfully retrieved mail ( on two accounts ) , but when i went to open a google website through chrome , i got the " the site 's security certificate is not trusted ! " message . chrome for android would not give me any more details ( what the specific problem was ) , but it seems to me that if the ssl connection was not good enough for chrome , it should not have been good enough for the gmail app either . ergo , either gmail does not use ssl , or it does not use it securely ( which amounts to the same thing ) . i would welcome another explanation , but based on the above , i changed the passwords on both those accounts immediately after .
i use dimmer which gives me a slightly lower level of brightness than the stock settings ; )
you could try this post on the droidforums .netthat has a custom app to manage brightness . requires root though .
while i prefer the app kchau suggested because of it is simplicity , this one works as well : adjbrightness
here 's one that works well and does not require a rooted device : screen filter
do you have pc companion installed ?
as aureljared already mentioned , proper configured mtk devices populate their recovery and boot partitions in /dev/recovery and /dev/bootimg . just dd from there .
this sounds like the old gingerbread ( android 2.3 . x ) had the option to set vibrate to one of three options , from within sms messaging app in settings : always only when silent never in the newer version of android 4 . x . ice cream sandwich and upwards , that was changed slightly , now the settings reflect as : enable , by tapping on notifications ( first , that is a pre-requisite as it will activate the options underneath it notification tone and notification vibration respectively ! ) then enable , by tapping on this notification vibration .
you can find it in settings . . settings -> security -> device administration -> unknown sources
i removed facebook and it seemed to have helped my phone run better . before i was getting flooded with invites from the same person and my phone was constantly freezing .
you will not find anything about this in the man page on your desktop , nor the usage information for adb because this is not an adb command . remember that adb shell foo starts a shell on the device and runs the command foo there . it would be like looking in the ssh man page to find out what ssh myserver rm -rf * does . the command you want help with is ime list , and it only exists on the device , not your desktop . running adb shell ime ( with no further arguments ) prints out the usage information for this command . " enabled " in this description does not refer to the " enabled " field in the manifest ( that is , the one printed out under ServiceInfo ) , but rather whether the ime is turned on in the settings . it might be a little confusing to have two different things called " enabled " , but do not forget that adb is a debugging tool for programmers , who are expected to understand such things . end-users should not need to run this command , since the list of imes is accessible through the device settings . from this description , if you get output with ime list -a but not ime list , that tells you that no input methods are currently enabled in the settings .
its a kernel corruption . just install a new kernel .
simple idea is to type the required message in any text editor on phone ( or in any messaging app itself / or write a gmail and save as draft ) and then take a screenshot of the text and send it over to the intended people !
you need to first install a key logger on the device ( which will need to be rooted for full functionality ) and then you will be able to log all key strokes . there are several apps that offer that . p . s using keyloggers to spy on people is illegal in most countries .
pairing is not enough , is it connected ? in the bluetooth settings you can do a long touch on the device to get into device-specific options .
just reading the description on the stereo page you linked to , it sounds like it has built-in software to extend the normal bt profiles to allow 2-way control of ipods and iphones . this extended functionality will not translate to your android device unless jvc comes out with a firmware update for your stereo that supports android .
how do you"minimize " ? pressing the back key is almost akin to quitting . however , pressing the home key usually allows you to multi-task and allows the currently running app to carry on in the background . try pressing the home key to see if the audio continues so you can then switch to whichever app you like . you can try the meridian player - it allows navigation via specified folders and the freeware version should work fine for you . multi-tasking / background playback is definitely part of the feature-set .
just saw this : music folder player
1 - no . there is a microsd slot where you can insert cards upto 32 gb in size to extend the memory . 2 - yes - vpn support is present in 2.1 as well 3 - some are free , some are not . some are ad-supported .
the ui lag is down to a number of things such : too many widgets ( delete them , home launcher has to redraw screen upon closing the app drawer ) home launcher - some redraw better than others ( switch to different launcher ) animation turned up to the highest value ( i.e. turn it off ) , in ics+ , it is as simple as found in settings > developer options : window animation scale transition animation scale animator duration scale ( jellybean ) force gpu rendering ( if that is ticked , it may not have any effect ! ) depending on : the kernel version gpu driver in context of kernel space and the gpu driver itself , for example , adreno* ) cpu ( important ! ! ) are we talking about old armv6 chipset or the newer ones that has either dual-core or quad-core ? what android version ? older android versions below honeycomb , did suffer from some " janky " effects in terms of graphics redraw , more often than not , the chip-set was older and likewise for the kernel as well , which did not have the native adreno graphics driver . what happened in ics upwards , was , android took advantage of the native adreno graphics drivers built into the kernel which was dynamically linked with the user-space adreno driver that comes as standard and was found in kernels 3 . x+ upwards , and also in general , in newer handsets since ics was launched .
provider did block the imei of the phone . now it is unblocked and all works fine ! thanks to matthew read for clue . . . : )
the android system does not natively support any kind of resume after a full shutdown . individual apps can save their state at any time and restore that state when the app is loaded , but the android system cannot store its state or the state of all of the apps for a shutdown . theoretically speaking , the kernel could probably be modified to support some form of hibernation but the stock android system does not .
from my experience , i think es 's default app associations are separate from the operating system 's . to clear es 's file associations ( assuming you are using the latest version ) , from es file explorer go to settings > cleanup setting > clear defaults . the next time you try to open a file es file explorer should now ask which application you want to open the file with .
you might want to take a look at the default app manager . from the app 's description : default app manager is a simple yet very functional app to manage ( set defaults , clear/reset defaults ) default applications for different types of actions that android does . unlike other applications that allow you to manage defaults for only one-two types of categories , this app allows to you to manage for almost all the common actions . the description sounds quite promising . but not having tried the app myself , i cannot give any guarantee it will solve your special issue ; )
my first thought is for manual sync . ical import/export can export your events . the second step would be to import those events to google ( in google calendar -> other calendars -> import calendar ) . not tried it myself , but you get the idea .
if you enable usb debugging in the developer options , the phone 's " usb connected ! " screen does not popup anymore : )
not a cyanogenmod user , but have you checked under Settings -&gt; About Phone -&gt; USB Settings , or Settings -&gt; Wireless and network -&gt; USB Settings ?
it is usually under settings -> applications -> development -> usb debugging
if you want to disable all notifications that pop up when you connect your usb cable go to the " menu " then " notifications " then touch " usb connection " then change the settings to " charge only "
when using the google market website , go to the bottom of the page and change the language in which you are viewing the market pages . you will then get user reviews based on the currently selected language . note that the system seems to display comments only in the language the users have been using when posting them , so if you are looking at applications that make sense only for a specific country , you will probably see english comments interspersed with others in the native language . nothing precludes you from leaving a comment on a swedish application on the italian page written in urdu , should you choose so .
if you search for your app on cyrket , they show the latest comments from all of the markets in one list under the app . androlib lets you change which country 's market you are searching by clicking the flags at the top of the page , this also changes the comments displayed to ones from that country 's market .
if you are on your phone , you will have to change your phone 's locale to a more popular one , such as english , in order to see that country 's comments .
android os is now using gcm ( google cloud messaging ) for push notification ws . you can get better idea here ; it will give you an architectural overview about full push notification service with its life cycle . hope it will help .
yes , android keeps one active connection to google 's servers , but it does not use much power or data , because no traffic is sent along it until something sends a gcm message to an app on your phone . there is only one connection on the phone , used by all apps : installing a new app that uses gcm does not add any extra load . the first step in gcm is that a third-party server ( such as an email server ) sends a request to google 's gcm server . this server then sends the message to your device , through that open connection . the android system looks at the message to determine which app it is for , and starts that app . the app must have registered with android to use gcm , and it must have the relevant permission . when the app starts , it might create a notification straight away with the data from the message . gcm messages are very limited in size , so the app might instead open a normal connection to the third-party server to get more information ( for example , downloading the headers of new emails ) . the advantage of using push notifications is that apps do not have to run at regular intervals to check for new data , saving both power and data . the advantage of having a centralized mechanism like gcm is that the device only needs one open network connection and the android gcm system is the only thing that needs to keep running , rather than each app having to stay running in the background to keep its own network connection to its own server .
you can do so by having your wifi switched off when its signal gets weak . there are several apps available on the playstore which can watch the wifi signal , one of them being tasker ( which is what i use ) . here you can define a minimum level and tell tasker : if wifi signal falls below this , switch wifi off . of course you can make it even more detailed , and letting it check every x minutes whether signal quality has improved . it might be a little tricky to set up first ( especially when one is not used to tasker ) -- but once it works , and you figure out what else can be done with that app , you do not want to miss it . an example how this could look like can be found in <a href="stackexchange-url what is cell standby and how can i keep it from eating my battery ? -- a little different topic , but a similar idea behind it . you might also take a look at similar apps . though tasker is not free ( you can get a 7-day trial on their website ) , it is worth every cent -- but might be hard for beginners . there are other automation apps around , as e.g. llama , which might also able to do a similar job .
bestsignal seems like the perfect solution . it offers both default configurations and also advanced configurations .
i just installed bestsignal on my htc one m7 from the developer of the same name . it is the paid version but only aud1.99 and it works well , simple yet highly functional gui . however it was not compatible on my google nexus 7 ( 2012 ) nor my asus transformer tf700t so be sure to check your device compatibility .
there is a pretty bad method using adb shell input tap , get the coordinates for enable tethering and substitute adb shell input tap or navigate to enable radio using adb shell input keyevent . just have a look at , adb shell input again this confines to a particular device .
try the setprop command below : setprop sys . usb . config rndis , adb
i have tried visiting both those sites in a few browsers , and see the same problem with the square boxes rather than letters . it looks like this probably is not a problem with the browser ( s ) but more that the fonts being used to show the sites in the browser do not have all the necessary characters . are you able to see armenian letters in emails or text messages at all ? there was a previous question about installing hindi fonts , that no one 's come up with an answer for yet . android 2.3 ( gingerbread ) does add support for more languages , but unfortunately armenian does not seem to be one of them .
here is the link , where that kind of browser ( hay web browser ) can be downloaded : http://webdroid.life.am/ here is the facbook group , where hay web browser is being discussed , and the creator can answer to your questions : http://www.facebook.com/home.php?sk=group_191625270874191ap=1
i do not think there is any support for the x10 from cm for the v9 release . for reference : xperia arc => anzu xperia neo => hallon xperia pro => iyokan xperia mini pro => mango xperia ray => urushi xperia mini => smultron xperia arc s => ayame xperia neo v => haida xperia active => satsuma live with walkman => coconut xperia neo l => phoenix edit : cyanogenmod is a rom that targets a lot of handsets . a souped up/bloated version of the stock vanilla aosp android ( the ones found on the nexus series handsets ) the freexperia project was founded by jerpelea who ( unofficially works for sony , gets freebies and contributes to porting cm for that handset etc ) . also , freexperia project is officially merged into the cyanogenmod tree . not all legacy devices are supported using the cm rom , especially for the newer v9 and v10 ( ics and jb respectively . if visiting this get cm you will actually find that cm is not supporting the legacy devices ! have not tried freexperia , but have heard it is not 100% stable , as some things are broken on it ( if anyone wants to correct me , feel free to say so in the comments ) : )
this is not version of cm - it is cm code name of device . depending on your device you should download needed release .
by default you can set different ringtones for each contact by hitting the menu button form the contact window and choosing options . to add vibration into that mix you can use an app called whoisit , that among other things lets you set different vibration patterns for each contact . another way is suggested in this answer . a more powerful but complicated way to get this done would be to set up different profiles for each caller in an app called tasker .
no , you cannot set a contact with vibrate for their ringtone . the vibrate mode is " system wide " when enabling the mode . you can , however , set a different audio ringtone for different contacts .
i have seen something similar when an app is installed in someone else 's profile but not my own , so make really sure you do not still have it installed in any other profiles .
i see you just follow what is here : http://www.addictivetips.com/mobile/enable-adb-usb-drivers-for-nvidia-tegra-based-android-tablets/ i just did the same ( obviously changing the pid and vid numbers as you did and it just worked ! ) tips : 1 ) in the changed . inf file remember leaving an empty line after pasting the code after [ google . ntx86 ] or [ google . ntamd64 ] ; and also after it and the beginning of the next paragraph . 2 ) dont forget the step 5 ; where you must put your vid number ( example : if your vid is 0955 , just put 0x955 ! ! ) and the rest is exactly the same . i am so happy ! it just worked for a excite 10 from toshiba with tegra 3 processor ! ! ! ! = )
a number of 3rd-party " social " apps have this feature . personally i use tweetdeck . when internet connection is not available , it will save my tweet , and throw a notification saying that it will be sent when connectivity is re-established .
dalvik does effectively limit the maximum size of a program , in terms of the number of java classes and methods you can have . i do not know any emulators written in java , so i do not know if they would be too big or not , but that reveals a more important point : you would not write an emulator in java anyway . most emulators are written in c or c++ , often with the crucial parts in the assembly language of the host platform for maximum efficiency in the inner loop . you would do this on android just like on any other platform : android apps do not have to be written in java . if you do not write the emulator in java , it does not matter what dalvik can and can not do . so there is no reason at all you could not have a ps2 emulator on android .
it is not a matter of dalvik being incapable of running certain types of programs , it is a matter of performance . any runtime system based on non-native bytecode ( e . g . dalvik , jvm , .netclr ) incurs some performance overhead in translating the bytecode into a form that the cpu can run . for most apps this is not a problem , since most apps do relatively little cpu work and spend most of their time just waiting for input . but an emulator is typically a cpu-intensive program , so it is often better to implement it using native code , which does not incur the overhead of running on dalvik .
my experience of the one x in order to be able to select multiple items in the gallery you need to first give it a task to do . for example , open gallery hit ' share ' in the bottom left , you will need a service which takes multiple uploads , such as facebook then you will see the ' multi-select ' grid with tick boxes next to each image which you can then select . as far as i can see from playing on my device for 10 minutes , there is not a general ' multi-select ' feature . you might try a different gallery app though . i would recommend quickpic
it could also be that windows 7 or the bios disabled that usb port . . . possibly due to something power related . have you switched the usb port you are plugged into ? possibly try switching to another usb port .
try changing usb cable . bad cables can cause this ( at least i had this problem once , which went away simply by using another cable ) .
it is also possible that you have damaged some of the pins on the device 's micro usb connector . if connecting it to another computer with another cable does not works i could recommend you to contact your dealer for repair : )
as another possibility ( although you mention that you did not change anything on the pc ) : i had a similar problem once when i still had my palm desktop software ( and synchronization software ) installed on my pc . after a log of searching i found out that the palm sync software used the comm4 port on my pc . for some reason , the usb connection between my galaxy s and my windows 7 pc used the same port . once i uninstalled the palm software , the usb connection worked flawlessly . maybe more technical people at this forum can explain why , but that is what i found out .
as far as i understand you can not launch an apk with arguments of that sort . the comments on the page you link to seem to indicate that it is not supported on android , as well . i find it odd that the instructions appear to be specifically for chromium if it was meant to work on all webkit browsers .
most pre-installed keyboards are system apps . system apps can not be uninstalled without root access .
i do not think you can solve this issue . ( for what it is worth i have the same issue when my wife calls me from our home phone . it looks like i am calling myself . ) what is happening is the phone is comparing the phone number ( being called , incoming ) against the list of contacts and selecting the first one it finds . certainly it can not tell who is on the other line on an incoming call . it also does not keep track of which contact you came from when you are calling out . ( the likeliest explanation there is that the contact app is handing off just the phone number to the calling app , which then does a lookup with just the number to get the contact to display on the screen . ) as you say , this is not just an android issue . i also saw it with my palm centro .
this is because the phone number +123456789012 is the same as 03456789012 when called from the same country and is the same as 56789012 when called in the same area code , the phone has no way to know that +213456789012 is a different contact than +123456789012 if you store your contacts as 03456789012 . try adding country and area code for these contacts ? also , what happens if you dial the complete number when dialing out , i.e. dial +123456789012 instead of 03456789012 .
i managed to disable it . you need to remove all hangouts updates in google play , then reboot for hangouts to go back to talk , then talk can be disabled in settings -> apps -> all .
from what i can see in the video , the fluctuations are within about 1° in the first app , and 0.5° in the second . that is not exactly " random numbers in a wide range " . accuracy within 1° is acceptable for most intended use cases : mobile games , screen orientation , gestures , etc . it is quite possible that motorola decided to use a cheaper sensor since the phone itself is intended to be a very low-cost device . i would not say that it is defective . possibly subpar , but not defective .
starting in 4.0 ( actually 3.0 , but few devices used that ) , most android devices use the mtp ( media transfer protocol ) class rather than the mass storage class . this was done for various reasons , including the annoyances attendant to having to unmount the sd card from the android device to access it from the pc . samsung has embraced this new way rather fervently and does not allow mass storage at all under normal circumstances ( if you have root , you can force it on some devices . not sure if it works for a tab 2 ) . mtp mostly " just works " on windows since xp and on mac , though getting it working on linux can require a bit of effort if you do not use gnome . the arch linux wiki has a useful article on the ways and means of accessing mtp devices on linux .
free solution : i have had success with a fraction of a drop of water or oil over the lens of the camera on my zte score . it causes bar codes close to the camera to be in focus , and they read reliably . enough to form a convex surface , but not so much that it drops off . the zte score has a smooth back ; i dip my finger in oil and , with the lens aimed up , touch the back of the phone where the lens to put a droplet of oil on it . then i can turn the phone face up ( lens down ) and i can scan bar codes . if the outer surface of your camera lens is not flat , this likely will not work , but it is worked with my zte score and should work with most low-end ( fixed focus ) phones . a clear convex on one side , flat and sticky on the other side piece of plastic would do the trick too ; i recall seeing stick-on rubber feet that would have served well , but have not seen ' em and have not tried that . i got tired of doing this every time i wanted to scan a barcode , and just ordered a macro lens .
( i will address your 2nd edit below . . . ) some cheap camera modules do not include an auto focus feature , i.e. they are fix-focus'ed to infinity . barcode scanners need a near focus though and cannot ( or hardly ) scan the resulting blurry images that result from infinity-focused fix-focus cameras . the only way around this would be to attach a macro lens specifically designed for smartphone cameras ( also works with fix focus ) . search for smartphone macro lens to see some samples . i already tried that once with an older ( also fix-focus ) sony-ericsson xperia x8 and it worked back then .
as i know , if you put set the distance between the phone and the bar code , far enough to there is no need for auto-focus , the phone should recognize it , but in some cases the bar code distance maybe far from the specific rectangle by the app , so will not be recognized , so in this case this situation will differ from phone to another , and btw i had this case in past , and never worked for me .
i have u8160 huawei phone 3mp no auto focus it works just fine and you must have the light coming from the side not from the back because the back light gets interrupted by the phone
based on the testing of other users on chainfire 's usb host diagnostics site , there is no usb otg support for gt-b5330 . see also : how can i determine if my device has usb host mode ( otg ) support ?
it does this in order to break up large . tar files into chunks of 1000000000 bytes : even if the resulting file is under the 1000000000-byte split limit , the .a file will still be generated : -rwxrwx--- root sdcard_r 0 2014-03-19 14:29 system.ext4.tar -rwxrwx--- root sdcard_r 484504064 2014-03-19 14:30 system.ext4.tar.a  you can combine these split files back together using the following syntax : on windows : copy /b finelame* filename e.g. copy /b data.ext4.tar* data.ext4.tar on linux : cat filename* &gt; filename e.g. cat data.ext4.tar* &gt; data.ext4.tar
based on this do you have some switch near volume button ? if yes , try changing it .
according to the wikipedia article , all the htc one xl devices fall under the evita model . evita is just the code name for the device . just about every device is initially manufactured with a " codename " . this is more just like an internal name for the device . this could be because they have not decided on a " public brand " for the device yet , or just because they want to call it something else internally . sometimes the codename resides in the model name in the settings -> about phone . but if you have adb access to your device , you can do something like : &gt; adb shell $ getprop  this will dump out all the properties that are configured during the boot process . one of them , probably something like ro.product.device will contain the value evita .
codename : evita afaik , the htc one xl has the codename of evita , and no other was attributed to this model . the xl was introduced into the market just like the htc one x , but with a significant improvement in communications : htc one xl ( te ) &nbsp ; &nbsp ; 4g network ( lte 1800 / 2600 ) pc world australia article : htc one xl review : htc 's one x gets the superfast 4g treatment . is the extra speed worth it ? phone information about the phone : to check you device 's information , you can go to " settings " and select " about phone": if the codename is presented , you should find it on the information provided there . accessing the configuration file : you can use a file manager and navigate to /system/ and open the build.prop file , that contains all the details about your system . locate the lines that start by ro.product to know your device 's model ; brand ; codename ; cpu and manufacturer ( among others ) . references : pdadb .netsearch results for " htc one " that include the devide codename gsm arena - htc one xl : full phone specifications geekaphone . com - htc one xl specifications htc smartphones : htc one xl wikipedia : htc one xl
this is a special case of android , since it is not exactly the same build that most people interact with and uses hardware that most android devices do not use ( ie . touchpads designed for laptops , ethernet cards , etc . ) . the only useful thing i could find is from android-x86 project 's supported list : touch pad works as a touchscreen . hard to use but not impossible you may be best served by contributing your findings/bugs to the project through the above linked list , and perhaps the project developers can offer something more definitively helpful .
i am not sure this would be helpful , but i love this app called button savior , which provides on-screen access to many of the functions you would find only via hard buttons . you can activate it by a simple swipe , or by pressing a very translucent button that is always on the screen . some of the functions do require that you have rooted your phone , but not all .
while it may not be exactly what you are looking forward to , google voice has something like this . if a caller calls your google voice number , all the phone you have registered ring at once . so you pick up the call on your home phone , then decide you want to go out . google voice lets you press 4 , and it starts ringing the other phones again ( without the other caller hearing anything ) . all you do is pick up the cell phone , and your call is transferred seamlessly . i only post this in case someone is looking for this specific solution . otherwise , you will have to host your own pbx ( like asterisk ) and set it up yourself . android ( well , specifically the cell carrier ) does not have this option .
the feature you are looking for is known as call transfer . it is pretty common on office pbx and voip systems , but is virtually never seen with mobile phones . the existence of such a feature would require some intelligence in both the device and cooperation from the carrier 's equipment , both of which are generally absent . as far as i know , there is nothing in the android source code to support this feature . in short , no , it is not really possible .
i guess you could do this using the " conference call " trick on android ( natively ! ) . the screenshots below are for vanilla froyo ( android 2.2 ) and may vary with your version/dialer app . during your call ( do not hang up the call ) , after talking to that person , press the " menu " button on your android . press " add call " from the menu . dial and call the number you wish to " redirect " for him . ( on your charge ! ( which is what you asked for right ? ) means you will lose money for this call as if you are calling it ) now press menu button again when call connects . press on " merge call " . finally , press the menu button again and click on " mute " to make them think you have terminated your call . ( you mute yourself but you can hear the conversation between him and the " redirected " call ) remember , while doing these , you will be charged for 2 calls simultaneously !
the update is ota - so if you are scheduled to receive it for your device ( which i believe you should have ) - you should go to settings > > about > > system updates - and check for an update . you may need to update your device to 2.3.5 to receive the update .
as al everett said , the best way would be to just sync your new phone with you google account . but before you do that , make sure you : make sure all contacts in contact book are synced to google , not backup assistant or internal storage . make sure all bookmarks or other web data are synced ( if you use google chrome on android ) make sure all of your pictures and videos are stored on your sd card , and not on your internal storage . optional : you could create a backup of your phone just in case if you need any of your data back . it is better to backup before and not use the backup than do it and need a backup and not have one . just a thought . once you have everything synced to google , then you are all set to sync your new phone with your google account and factory reset your old phone . settings -> privacy -> factory data reset -> yes , i am sure -> yes absolutely sure -> . . . good luck with the new device !
it depends on the pages . if the pages are media-heavy ( lots of large images or other media ) then yes , the pages load faster since google scales and recodes the images on the servers before sending them to your device , and optimizes other page content also . however , the device still needs to render the layout of the page , which can be slow on mobile devices . this happens on the device and requires cpu+ram , and is unaffected by the bandwodth optimization . also , since some content is compressed when sent from google 's optimization servers , it needs to be decompressed on the device , which uses cpu . all in all , reducing data helps move the bottleneck from the bandwidth to the device itself , and the benefit of the setting depends on the content of the pages and the performance of your device .
i found the solution . i can give a static ip to my beaglebone via shell scripts ( or adb ) : ifconfig eth0 up 169.254.13.13
that is a stack of errors occuring to you . before i present you a possible solution , let me point out what your mistakes have been -- to avoid those in the future : never ever go to restore system data ( this includes sms , contacts , and other data from system apps ) from a nandroid backup of one rom to a different rom . this might work in some cases ( when those roms involved are very compatible ) , but most likely will bring you in trouble as it was in your case . apps store their data mostly in sqlite files , which contain databases -- and the structure of those databases very often differs . so you break those apps , which leads to different kind of trouble -- up to the point of boot-loops or incomplete boots , being stuck at the logo . this is also why liam is correct that a " data wipe " ( or " factory reset" ) would have solved the issue ( as it would remove those broken sqlite files , and the apps would re-create them emptily ) . if you really need to transfer data of system apps between different roms , the best way is to export this data before you flash ( contacts can be exported directly from the contacts app , and would then be stored as .vcf file on your sdcard ; for other things like sms there are apps available on the playstore ) , and import them afterwards . also , as you are rooted , you should consider buying the pro version of titanium backup for a complete backup ( in addition to your nandroid backup ) . titanium backup includes a " migration feature " which should work for those kind of data as well . never flash a kernel if you are not 100% sure it works for your combination of device and rom . if you break things here , you device will not be able to boot in normal or recovery mode , as you experienced . especially do no such thing if your device already has other trouble -- first solve that trouble before doing such " deep system changes " . now , you are 100% correct : as you are no longer able to boot into recovery mode , you need a helper tool " from outside " . for samsung devices , this tool is either odin ( which is what samsung itself provides ) , or heimdall , which is a cross-plattform alternative to odin which will also run on your ubuntu pc ( odin will not , as it imho is for windows only ) . use either of the two to flash any rom compatible to your device , so you get your recovery mode working again . once that is done , you might start over flashing clockworkmod recovery , then restoring your complete nandroid backup , exporting your data as described above , and finally switch to the rom you wanted to use .
if you had recovery , a simple data wipe would have fixed the boot loop issue . the issue you are describing sounds like a kernel/system issue . the only fix would be to try and flash a new kernel via download mode - you would have to find a program that could do this . if this is not possible ( it may not be ) , then you should consider your phone bricked , and you should take it to your nearest service center for repair ( do not tell them you rooted it , just say it would not turn on after you had turned it off ) .
what izzy said is correct . also , never give up ! i found that there is always something you can do to unbrick your captivate . the xda-developers wiki page is very useful in this regard . the sections about bricking and unbricking should be very useful . while it is very difficult to enumerate all possible ways of unbricking here , understanding the nature of the brick ( soft or hard ) and looking for alternative ways in the forums is always helpful . the techniques that i know of so far are : the 3-button method and its variations , as listed in the wiki page above . ( there are variations , just search for them in xda-developers ) using your pc and the usb cable . izzy 's answer is one such method . hardware solutions that involve cutting a usb cable or using resistors . when you have a hard brick , you may have to resort to these . good luck and do not stop searching ! there is always a way to unbrick your captivate .
you could try sentry . it also has a paid version . tired of accidentally leaving your wifi running all day and wearing down your device 's battery ? tired of being home for hours and forgetting to turn on your wifi ? sentry can help ! sentry is a fully automated wifi manager that only requires a simple configuration to start . it packs many features into a simple-to-use application so you do not have to waste any time on setup . sentry operates by cycling your wifi . if it gets a connection or was already turned-on and connected , it remains on , otherwise , it turns the wifi off to save battery . even if sentry is activated you can still manually connect to wifi or turn your wifi without interrupting . sentry can be configured to run in any or all of three ways . first , sentry can be configured to run on a polling interval , e.g. 30 minutes , and check the wifi status periodically . second , sentry can set to check wifi status every time the screen is unlocked . ** last , sentry can be set to run every time the phone boots up . used in conjunction with the other two functions , this can either be used to make sure sentry is always running or to simply check for wifi every time the phone reboots . does sentry running in the background use up my battery life ? nope ! not one bit ! sentry is actually only ever truly running when it is cycling the wifi , which depending on the timeout you set , should not be for much more than a minute , so no , it should not negatively affect your battery life .
some of the norton apps may work , something like the norton task manager . they have useful functions inside their apps . or , just search for " wifi disabler " in google play .
before doing so , i would consider two more things : finding the real cause high wifi usage is not caused by wifi itself ( standby ) , but most likely by another app constantly requesting it to " stay awake " . so first check how to deal with ( orphaned ) wakelocks ? -- which also deals with this . checking your wifi standby policy in settings&rarr ; wireless and networks&rarr ; wifi , when pressing the menu button , an item named " advanced " appears . tap that to go into the advanced settings and check the wifi standby policy . there are 3 options available : always : wifi stays awake even when the display is turned off . useful if you are streaming music . only when connected : only when a power source is connected ( i.e. . the device is charging ) -- as in that case the " battery consumption " usually is not an issue . never : wifi goes to standby as soon as the display is turned off . wifi managing tools if this requirement still is present after thoroughly checking above two points , there are multiple options available in this section -- enough to fill at least a small book . first , there are tools like e.g. juicedefender or greenpower , dealing not only with wifi and mobile networks , but covering a lot more energy saving stuff . other interesting tools might include wifibatt and many others -- just check the related apps on their playstore pages , or use mapsaurus to find similar apps .
i just installed this application called silence . it turns on and off settings based on a schedule . that is exactly what you asked for but like the others i suspect your issue is a run-away app using too much wifi
the galaxy tab 10.1 can make 2g/3g calls and calls over wifi with voip apps like skype or tango . the nexus 7 can only make calls over wifi with voip apps as i already mentioned . there would be no easy way of getting the nexus 7 to make 2g/3g calls as it would require adding a radio to the tablet .
if the problem is in the kernel driver , as t0mm13b suggests , then only resetting the kernel driver will help . there might be a hacky way to achieve this with rmmod from the command line , if the device is rooted and that driver was built as a module in that rom . i would not recommend it . restarting the phone is probably the only way to reset the driver .
samsungdive . com has nothing to with the " accounts and sync " options . samsung dive consists of a background app ( called utrack ) , an website (samsungdive.com) and an login/password , which allows you to remotely locate , lock and/or wipe some samsung devices . to pair your device with the samsung dive , enter your login data under Settings -&gt; Location and Security -&gt; uTrack  ( not sure if this is true for the galaxy mini , but that is where the setting is on the sgs )
i tried entering a password into the mobile tracker . when i did this , the window came up .
if you are unable to get it working cerberus would be a very good alternative . i use it , and it is flawless .
if you cannot access the main ui , but the system powers up , boot in to recovery . try and find out what your recovery keys are ( e . g . it is usually vol+ , vol- and power on samsung phones ) online or by reading your device 's manual , then holding them as your device boots . once in recovery , use the volume keys to select an option and power to use that tool , unless your device has a d-pad or older android style buttons ( menu , home etcetera ) . also : you can use adb to force the device to reboot to recovery mode if it is enabled , like this , in a terminal or command prompt , with the device connected to a usb port on the computer : $ path/to/adb reboot recovery on linux/mac os x ; and C:\&gt; path\to\adb.exe reboot recovery on windows replace path/to/adb or path\to\adb.exe with the location of adb found in the android sdk platform-tools folder ( the sdk can be downloaded from http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html - choose sdk for an existing ide )
orange right pointing arrow is outgoing . green left pointing is incoming received .
based on the likelihood that you are using the default browser ? i know that firefox supports "ß" , and does show the " h " without a circumflex . maybe try it out ? i am on htc one with ice cream sandwich , the default browser seems to support these but opera does not -so yes unicode is supported , but not necessarily by all browser implementations , rooting your phone is not the answer i suspect .
as t0mm13b had said , android as a framework does support unicode . as you are probably aware the vanilla android is as such available as a stock option only to google 's own devices ( the nexus series ) . other android devices will have some sort of topping layer over this vanilla layers . this topping layer will usually be cosmetic changes by the manufacturer like htc sense ui etc . even if there are no such topping layer , the manufacturers compile the source of vanilla rom with suitable drivers of their devices and add slight country specific enhancements . take a look at a similar question that i had asked which is not very different from what you had asked , if the language specific features and names are not accounted . that question explains how an android device displays a glyph ( not characters ) on screen and the software components that are involved in that process . to put it in a nut shell , to display a character android requires a suitable font file and a rendering engine . absence of former could result in a rectangular box and later will result in improper display of glyph . in your case the rom that your s3 has might not have the above said . try to test with the devices that does display it ( probably in some other region , the s3 might display it properly ) and find what font files differs between yours and theirs .
just a follow-up : it appears that the cause of the problem is that the buttons on the circuit board are slightly askew from the actual opening on the case . as a result , when you push down on the volume rocker , it can sometime slide slightly above or below the button on the printed circuit board . when that happens , it misses the button and will not actuate , and also can become jammed in position so that it will not return up . when that happens , you can no longer push the volume up or down until it becomes unjammed . it can become unjammed by jiggling ( a lot ) , but may eventually become jammed again . get the s3 home button and lock button
the problem solved . it would meant to be " home " + " back " + " power " .
you have to place your palm on the side of the screen and cross it to the other side .
hold volume down button and lock button ! you can not take screenshots like on android 2+ . using hand motion feature - for this enable palm swipe to capture feature and swipe your hands above the phone to take a screenshot using swipe option for reference look at the guide on how to take screenshot on samsung galaxy s3 mini
if you are using stovk rom then you can try this . from home 1 . click the menu button and select settings . 2 . select motion . 3 . under “hand motion” settings , check “palm swipe to capture” checkbox . just swipe your palm horizontally ( l--> r/r--> l ) over your screen it will capture a screen shot . or hold down the power button and the home button at the same time . ( remember timing is imporatant )
xda is the only place to go . they have plenty of roms to choose from , including stock builds for your nexus if you want timely updates from big g .
you could also try downloading the factory image from google . there are instructions with how to use it on that site too . this will completely wipe your device including your files .
instead of trying to get something to work on the tablet , that does not by default , i would suggest to look at how to retrieve the file over mtp with c# . mtp allows the internal storage of these devices to be formatted to a native linux format , like ext4 , instead of fat32 . if you were able to get ums working , chances are you would not be able to mount it in a windows machine because it does not know how to handle ext4 . this allows the android os to actually handle how the files are written to the storage . mtp is also a safer protocol because it does not " mount " the device like an actual drive . so there is less of a chance to corrupt files or the disk if you just unplug . mounting via ums also makes that storage unavailable to the android os which could cause other concerns . there are lots of models of tablets that still support ums , but most of the " current " ones support mtp because it is a safer way to handle the storage . iirc , devices that do not have an slot for external storage will not ( should not ? ) support ums . and when they do , only the external storage will be mountable from the " client os " .
on jelly bean , the preferred activities are stored in the xml file /data/system/users/0/package-restrictions.xml for the primary user . other users have their user id in place of 0 in that path . if encrypted file system is enabled , it starts with /data/secure/system instead of /data/system . other than through the PackageManager service , this file can only be accessed by root . you can see the code that reads and writes the file ( and thus infer the format ) in the class com.android.server.pm.Settings .
if i had an image file in my sdcard , i would open it via quickpic because that is my default gallery viewer . if i wanted to switch my default gallery viewer , i would go to settings -> apps -> quickpic -> " clear data " and then i would be able select how to open an image file again . therefore , android seems to store the default application data within the program 's data files that is being used .
this chrome extension offers an always-running background process for google chat . this has worked for google voice for me and may give the gv/gmail chat protocol the priority that you seek ( if you happen to be using chrome ) . ideally the fix should come from google making gv a higher priority , but this could be a good work-around for you .
you will need to install a custom theme using the t-mobile theme chooser ( it comes built into cyanogenmod ) . there is no way to do this in stock without modding your rom .
you could make note of the time that the phone was lagging . then either a ) go to android market and download a logging app such alogcat or b ) download the android sdk and use ddms . exe in the tools folder . using the logging application , you can see if something was being written to the log at the time the phone was lagging . you might be able to determine what service or application is causing the lag .
the adb likely will not be of much help . the apps need to have debugging enabled to be able to see their thread and relative performance i believe . i assume you have looked at the battery usage menu in your phone . what is it telling you ? you could the hidden debug menu in your hd . it may provide more info . open your phone dialer and dial *#*#4636#*#* . give that a try .
i am not sure what phone you have so it is hard to know if there are any other ways around . however , there is a topic on xda stating that this is not a recommended approach at installing the browser . the suggestion is to just install a custom rom . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1214437
as the iphone system sounds are the property of apple , i cannot help you find them . if you do , however , place ringtones on your sd card under /ringtones and other sounds like new mail notification under /notifications . go back into preferences and you should now be able to select these sounds .
zedge is a pretty sweet ringtones/wallpaper app which i am sure includes said ringtones .
the first account you enter when you set up your phone can not be removed without resetting the whole phone . if you do this you will not lose any cloud data but all locally installed apps and their data , eg . not your emails ( cloud data ) but for example sent/received smses ( and all other locally stored data ) .
one way is to use another app to manage your dropbox that enables this functionality . i use astro file manager to generally manage the files on my device and this can also link directly to your dropbox , google drive , skydrive , etc . astro gives you the additional option to " open as " , from which you can choose text , audio , image or video . select " text " and you get the usual list of apps that can open text files , including the db text editor . update : unfortunately there appears to be a limit to how many files astro fm is able to retrieve from a dropbox folder . somewhere between 1,000 and 1,100 files i get a " connection failed - could not establish a connection to dropbox " message when trying to browse the folder . 1,000 files ( exactly ) seems to be ok . there is no such limit with ordinary folders on the device .
currently the official dropbox app can open a file which has no extension with external editor . ( i prefer vimtouch )
on google maps , create your trip including all waypoints . save that map to " my maps " within google maps . on the android device , go to maps , layers , more layers and then choose " my maps " select the map you want , it will come into maps on your android device with each waypoint available . you can choose each waypoint individually and you will get the blue arrow over it which will kick off google navigation . not the best solution ( e . g . google having programmed it as a feature ) , but at least one can completely plan a trip with google maps and then port the entire thing over to the android device and navigate with it .
on my phone , which runs android gingerbread , this setting is under sound\emergency\emergency tone . i have set it to off , as opposed to alert or vibrate .
i ran into the exact same issue ( same storm too , no doubt ) . in android 4.2 , you can disable these alerts by going to settings &rarr ; wireless networks ( more . . . ) &rarr ; cell broadcasts . the alerts cannot be muted , but can be disabled in this screen .
if you go to google now , and then go to settings ( the three dot menu button if its a soft key ) theres a section that says notifications . that section has a part titled urgent updates and has the option to set a ringtone or turn on vibrate . as far as i know this should change the sound for the alert since it says urgent updates include public alerts . just note , i am using kitkat so if you do not have the latest version of google now it could be different . edit : i just realized this question was asked a year ago so the answer details a newer version
unfortunately i do not have a working phone on hand at the moment to test this , but if you can identify the specific audio file used as the alert sound , you could simply edit it with a piece of software like audacity and make it as quiet as you had like . ( excuse the shoddy answer , i will edit it as soon as i can test the method or delete it straight away if it is unsatisfactory )
the only way i found was to restart the device . be careful to not switch to other users after the restart . once you switch to another user , his processes are initiated and continue working even if you switch back to your user - just like you said in the question . strange that google have not tackled this issue . perhaps on a newer android version 4.3+ ? * this happens to me on my asus memo pad with android 4.2 .
in terminal emulator ; become root $ su list users to get their id . it is the first number listed , usually 11 for the first user . 0 is owner . ie 11:user:10 and 0:owner:13 # pm list users stop the users execution instance ( logoff ) # am stop-user &lt;id&gt; usually ' am stop-user 11' you can not logoff the device owner , id 0 .
when you plug in the beats audio enhancement self starts , you can see a beats logo on top left on your notification panel . you can swipe down the notification panel and uncheck the tick next to it to disable / re-enable it . thats on htc desire x
beats audio automatically enables ( if set to enable ) if you play media .
no , you cannot use a microphone on the mobile version of flash player . from the action script reference documents : runtime microphone support the microphone class is not supported in flash player running in a mobile browser .
click the link and download downgrade and download the update , extract it read user manual in pdf and follow the instructions . http://huaweimobile.com.au/support/mobile-phones#top
yes , for non-free apps there is a minimum price for each supported currency . as i noticed this morning when adjusting the price of one of my apps , these minimum prices are not exactly equivalent across currencies ( and even if they were , they would drift over time due to exchange rate fluctuations ) . for example , i set the new price of my app at $0.99 for the us and the roughly equivalent price of £0.59 for the uk . however , i could not set such low prices for scandinavian countries or japan because the minimums were higher ( the japanese minimum is 99 yen , which is roughly £0.71 / us$1.16 at today 's rates ) . the full list of minimum and maximum prices is here . at current rates it seems that the cheapest possible non-free app would cost €0.50 ( approximately us$0.72 ) .
expanding on bryan 's previous answer , yes , there is a minimum limit on an app price : $0 ( free ) :- ) kidding aside , for non-free apps , there is a minimum limit for paid apps on the android market , and that minimum is based on the currency and location where the app is offered . for instance , a paid app offered in denmark must currently be listed for no less than 6 krone . these minimums may adjust over time to reflect fluctuations in currency value . the android market is not the only source for paid apps , however , and each app vendor may utilize unique policies for app pricing . in general , however , you will find that each vendor has some minimum limit set that will cover the costs of transaction fees .
in the android market , the minimum price is $0.99 . if i try to set my app any lower , it says i must set it to at least $0.99 .
this is something that has to be enabled in the kernel . some custom kernels do implement this , depending on your device .
i talked to the developer and mediarecorder_voice_call works if properly implemented in phone firmware , however many disable it out of fear ( mostly in the us it seems ) . some ( like skvalex 's ) rely on root/alsa/kernel support , which is not for the masses . at the same time , even with proper voice_call support , bluetooth does not work because of android ( or linux ? ) limitation . https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?can=2start=0num=100q=colspec=id%20type%20status%20owner%20summary%20starsgroupby=sort=id=60323
sorry to inform you : but that is a limitation in the system itself . android simply does not allow this , and offers no api to record the " remote side " -- which is the reason it is hard to find any app doing so satisfactory . you will find several developer discussions on this topic , and it seems it turned out " being hard to work around that limitation " is a big euphemism .
the issue is that the play store falsely linked some apps to your account that you installed from third-party sources . this has been in some 3.5 . x version , and now it works as expected .
if you are rooted , install Android Terminal Emulator fro play store and open a root shell . also make sure you use latest ( > 2.00 ) SuperSU to handle selinux . then type : su 0 setenforce 0 and see what happens . check with id . if that does not work , also try with : su system setenforce 0 . in aos > 4.3 , it is not enough to just be " root " ( uid=0 ) , you also have to use the right context .
i have noticed that i sometimes get a notification that an update is available , but when i go in there , i am unable to update . i , at first , thought that it was some type of syncing issue like you describe , but i have realized ( at least in my situation ) that i have the apps set to update automatically . so i get the notification , but the market actually has already updated the application in the background . based on your comments , and if you eventually go in to the market and there is actually an update available for an app that you previously were notified about , then i would say it has to do with how google rolls out the updates . as chahk discussed , the notifications seem to go before the apps , in some cases . google does this with just about everything they roll out . updated in batches .
there are a few flv players available on android , try among these : 13 great video players for android . the mobo player seems promising among them . here 's a link for mobo player as well , just in case . : )
this walkthrough is the best i have seen on restoring an evo 4g and removing root . it walks you through , step by step , and gives you everything you need . and yes , rooting or roms could have caused the problem . if the rooting done in a way that manipulates the Wimax partition and source , you may be in for trouble . also , some roms simply do not support the evo 's 4g radios , such as the aokp ics roms .
root access is unlikely the problem , but you can go back to stock and see what happens . best and surest way back to stock is flashing a . sbf . the . sbf is the stock image provided by the retailer . if you are on windows , you will need rsd lite to flash i believe . if on linux or os x use sbf_flash . you will also need the . sbf for your particular device , but i am not sure where the evo images are ; google can probably help . but again , i would blame the network before an issue from root .
first , try to decrypt the encrypted vault on your pc/mac using other encryption software ( presuming , you have its password and encryption key ) . the encrypted vaults are generally universally compatible , but not necessarily . if it does not work for you , setup an android emulator ( virtual android phone ) using android sdk . enable android market in it . install supervault and dropbox using market . use dropbox to download vault file in its virtual sdcard . decrypt files and withdraw them using dropbox .
the simplest way would be to use bluetooth or to email the apk to your tablet . you can use adb as suggested by @claire swinson if your device is detected .
can you use adb to copy or install the apk file on the samsung tablet ? for example : $ adb push my_app.apk /mnt/sdcard  or $ adb install my_app.apk  i do not have a galaxy tab so i do not know whether /mnt/sdcard is the correct location on that device . edit : oops . forgot to say that when you connect your device via usb select the charge only option - do not mount the sd card !
you can also use dropbox to move a file onto the device . this will require minimal setup and provide an easy way to push future files to the tab
the simplenote website actually lists some android clients . click the link and scroll down to " mobile " , where you will find 4 or 5 of them listed . i tried evernote myself , and had the worst experience . i have a droid 2 , and the notes were not reliably syncing to my pc . the evernote customer service is the worst i have ever experienced in my life . they do not allow a dialogue with their people . they close your case before your problem is solved . it is a real mess . that is why i am giving simplenote a try . good luck !
simplenote is updating all of their apps , and that also means that they have released an official android app . the official app does not require an account to use ; you can take and store notes locally on your device before signing up to the free service for cloud syncing . although third-party apps were previously available , the official option is a welcome one that gives android users an experience in line with the ios app . simplenote 's expansion to android comes just over half a year since wordpress owner automattic bought the service , pledging to improve its mobile apps . simplenote on google play
mnote works well , simple . andronoter ( never tried it but it is ad free ) both are free . i have never used it on an iphone so i do not have a basis of comparison . i also do not use simplenote much anymore because i have consolidated to just evernote . i also preferred 3banana to simplenote but in the end opted for evernote .
you can access to them through the " Contact" app of your tablet . if you do not see them at first sight , go to the parameters to select the contacts you want to show .
syncing of google contacts must be enabled in the system settings in order to see them in the contacts app . this can normally be found under Settings &gt; Accounts &gt; Google &gt; *YourEmail@gmail.com* &gt; Sync Contacts . just make sure it is checked .
if the device is unusually slow , or other apps get closed too , i would expect it is a memory shortage problem . some other service/app/proces ( possibly part of the system ) , unrelated to maps , uses so much main memory that that there is not enough memory available at the time you run maps , and the system needs to kill an app to free memory , and decides to kill maps . it this is the case , the problem would be somewhere else , and maps in itself could run fine .
in app updates ( host files etc ) : basically because you are in an arms race agains the advertising / app developers . the developers want you to see the advertising , as this is one of their sources of income . they are also aware of ad-block , adaway , adfree etc etc and are constantly trying new advertisers , new proxies and new methods of embedding the adverts in your application , website etc . in order to keep the adverts blocked , the application needs to update the host files and lists of blocked sites , proxies etc to keep functioning correctly . there should be a ' check for updates daily ' option , there definitely is in adfree android ( well recommended ) which you could use as an alternative to adblock plus . by default most of these programs seem to check for updates when the device is rebooted from scratch , and have a daily / weekly or such checkin also . you could go to Settings &gt; Applications &gt; AdBlock and disable notifications also . you could , i gues , just dismiss the notifcation when it arrives , and update whenever suits you . leaving it go does mean adverts will start to creep back in over time , however . updates to the app itself : if the actual application ( i.e. . the apk ) itself has very regular updates then either the application needs to update to keep ahead of the advertising , which seems to be to be a bit of a flaw , or it is ( as you said ) in beta stages and needs constant tweaking . alternatively with so many new devices coming online , and kitkat released it may need all this fixing to ensure compatability . the simplest solution for either scenario , to my mind , is to get adfree android or similar and not worry about this at all !
try this : adb shell pm clear com.android.launcher  ( i think it is the unique name of the launcher in 4.4.2 , change it if i am wrong )
if you just want to " refresh " it , you could try a factory-reset , which will essentially revert it to a " blank state " ( i.e. . remove all user-data and user installed apps ) , so you can start over with a fresh system . you should however create a good backup beforehand – which is not an easy task with android prior to ics ( pre-4.0 ) . on the other had , this can be done without any " modifications " ( such as rooting or the like ) . if you consider updating your device , take a closer look at custom roms like cyanogenmod . there might be other roms available which are tuned specifically for your device , and thus giving better performance even with a newer version of android . this installation process however is a bit more " technical " , and in most cases requires rooting the device and installing a custom recovery .
if you have a custom recovery such as clockworkmod recovery or team win recovery project , you can first make a nandroid backup ( which saves all of your current data to your sd card ) . then you could complete a factory reset ( either from android itself or from your custom recovery ) . finally , get an app like titanium backup or nandroid manager to retrieve your old apps and data . as for installing a custom rom , you may want to check out your device specific forum at xda developers . note that custom roms may not be as stable as the one you currently have . they could be unstable or even brick your phone . flash with caution . also , since you have root , have you tried deleting the bloatware that comes with the phone ( if there is any ) ? an app like titanium backup should do the trick . your phone should feel faster after that is done .
for anyone else having a similar problem , this seems to be lack of memory . when there is too many processes running at the same time and the application start the camera , android runs out of memory and the application crashes before android can free memory . i suggest you check the list of applications that run processes and uninstall some of them . this can happen not only with camera , though . my phone used to close everything when the application started the pictures gallery or the file manager , and when trying to add a shortcut on home screen . i solved that by uninstalling memory consuming processes .
same here . it is just not supported . only the web interface allows it . on android only single photos work . btw , a little info text says copying will not count against your quota . so then it really is like a tag .
the " copy to album " icon disappears when you select a video as part of photos . so apparently you cannot copy videos to a new album on the phone . this makes sense because copying creates a new file which takes up as much space as the original file . videos can take up anywhere from 100mbs to 1000mbs . since both the space on the phones and the free space offered by google on google+ is limited , this may easily use up your available space . whether this is the reason or not , the fact stays true : the google+ photos app does not support copying videos to new albums . if you want to copy photos just skip the videos ( with the " play " overlay ) when selecting multiple files . if you still want to copy the videos , you can do so on the web at https://plus.google.com/photos . also , instead of copying videos and photos you could move them to new albums , that way you do not have multiple copies and leave more free space for other videos . both copy and move options are available on the web interface on top of the photo when you view individual photos/videos or select multiple ones on the grid .
you should not worry that much as it happened once . just take care it does not happen often . in short , leds have a long life span ( 20k+ hours ? ) . so the concern is not really the leds burning out ( although after a long period of time , they will eventually start losing the amount of output and their brightness will dim ) . the real concern is to not apply too much voltage to the led and overheat it . another concern would be overheating your battery ( due to heat dissipation from draining the battery from powering the led ) . in short , if you are only using the led for time periods less than half an hour , you should be okay . source
according to the gs4 's specifications , it supports the following bluetooth profiles only : pbap - phone book access profile a2dp - advanced audio distribution profile avrcp - audio/video remote control profile hfp - hands-free profile hsp - headset profile opp - object push profile sap - sim access profile hid - human interface device profile pan - personal area networking profile map - message access profile your motorola cs3070 scanner supports the following bt profiles : hid - keyboard wedge spp - serial port profile i believe the absence of spp profile support on gs4 could be the reason you cannot properly connect the two devices without additional software . according to this video , software called " bluepiano " can be used with this scanner model . in the comments they specifically mention the spp profile , and that there should be instructions in the scanner 's manual on getting it to work with some handsets .
from what i looked up , the karbonn s1 titanium does not support otg . according to http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/snapdragon_(system_on_chip)#snapdragon_s4 the karbonn s1 titanium , is a msm8625q chipset . which does not support otg http://www.qualcomm.com/snapdragon/processors/s4/specs
try using multi-mount sd card lite in order to mount your internal sd as well as your external sd as removable devices on your computer . after you do this , you may use recuva in order to check if any permanently deleted files are recoverable or not . this software will also help you recover as much data as possible from both your internal sd as well as your external sd card . hope this helps !
as per broam 's suggestion above , i am posting my comment as an answer . hopefully some people finds it useful . if you add a subject to the message you are making , it gets converted to mms format . even if the subject is empty , at least , that is what i know
i have found that another option , on phones or text messaging apps that support group texting but that do not force mms when you add a subject , is to create an artificial ' group ' consisting of the person you are texting to . . . . and yourself . in other words , send the text to the target person and yourself . if you have got group texting support , doing so will force an mms , and thereby bypass google voice . hence , your emoji will get transmitted in spite of voice . once you send the group text , you will receive a redundant copy of your text . at that point , just delete it . this approach can become a little messy if you do not know what you are doing , but it works for me . :- )
force the mms i have saw this comment you provided on your question : @flow in my tariff mms sending through the country is free whereas sms is not free if this is the case , you can have a .jpg as a signature file , and attach it to every sms you send . since the image is a media component , your sms will become an mms , thus saving you some $$ . original answer as far as i know , you can not . an mms message is a plain old text message with contents attached . if you attach a media file , it will be send as a mms message . otherwise it will follow as an sms . what is mms ? wikipedia multimedia messaging service , or mms , is a standard way to send messages that include multimedia content to and from mobile phones . it extends the core sms ( short message service ) capability that allowed exchange of text messages only up to 160 characters in length .
i found this topic useful : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1614827 and managed to update yakjuxw 4.0.4 to yakju 4.1.1 very smoothly with user-friendly toolkit mentioned in the first post of the topic . no need to root ! first , installed drivers on my pc ( using main menu command 1 ) unlocked bootloader ( main menu command 3 ) , will clear all your data downloaded and installed google 4.1.1 rom ( main menu command 9 ) optionally : re-lock bootloader with command 3 . less than half an hour work from installing the toolkit . everything is menu driven . afterwards , phone was synced to my google account , with all the contacts and apps reloaded . i was very impressed by the smoothness of migration .
firmware , in this case , means the os , since it is a preinstalled part of the core system . the method i used does not require root , but it is possible to root at the same time . i did not . this depends . in most cases , unlocking the bootloader voids your warranty if the warranty is read and interpreted letter-to-letter . however , you could install an official firmware and relock the bootloader to try to bypass this . i have upgraded my yakjuxw with this guide 's method #2 . everything went perfectly except for a few little tricks . first of all , if your phone is completely unmodified , you need to unlock your bootloader . this can be done by booting into the bootloader as explained in the post , and running fastboot oem unlock , navigating to " yes , unlock bootloader " with the volume keys and confirming with the power button . note : this will clear your phone , so you will need to copy the necessary files to your phone after this ! after this , reboot once so that the partitions are mounted correctly in cwm later . now follow the guide carefully , and you should be able to upgrade ( almost ) without any problems . my phone got stuck while booting for the first time , so after 15-20mins i rebooted the phone ( yanked the battery ) but had no adverse effects . at least my phone got the official 4.1.1 update today , so check for that after your first boot !
try this program sd maid . open program , go to appcontrol tab and click the app you want . there is an option called , " remove app but keep its data " . edit : i am not sure but it might require root .
eventually , simply uninstalling and reinstalling normally worked ! turns out data is saved this way or another .
normally there're four reasons for default apps to reset . you install an app that can handle that intent . you uninstall an app that can handle that intent . you update an app that can handle that intent . the app is on the sdcard and you rebooted/mounted it on a pc . the fourth is commonly overlooked . without source level changes this can not be modified .
you change the " leave a copy on the server " option on the android mail client .
unbelievably this bug is still outstanding as of android 4.0.4 . http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=1029 the only fix for this is to use a different email app . most people end up switching to gmail . not happy . i miss my nokia n900 .
most widgets can be added by going to the widgets section in the app drawer and long pressing them , then selecting an empty area of the homescreen to place it . you will see all standard widgets there , except for the htc ones . those widgets are made specifically for and locked to the htc sense launcher , unfortunately .
these widgets are not standard widgets . they use non-standard apis of the sense launcher and thus that other launcher 's do not have and thus , they can not use them . this is why , you can not use sense widgets with custom launcher .
i called up verizon support and they had me simultaneously hold the three keys : volume up power home but after 30 seconds , still no response , so they had me remove the battery for ten seconds and reboot . after reboot , the phone seemed back to normal .
have an entry in ' contacts ' for each one of your friends ( contact -> add new contact , then enter their number and details ) and then enter sms chat with them any time by entering into their respective ' contacts ' profile and clicking on the ' send message ' icon to begin sms chat . or just use an chatting app like whatsapp which has native support for all modern mobile os 's ( android , blackberry , ios . . ) so you could avoid retyping the same number again and again . or just stop mistyping those area codes .
what you are most likely look for is called " factory reset " . as the name suggests , a " factory reset " is supposed to reset the device to its original state , as it was delivered by the factory . what in fact is done by a factory reset is to wipe all user-installed apps and all user data ( for the latter , except data stored on sdcard ) . this can be done either from within the system menu ( look for the entry with the " fence " symbol , it is labeled something with " privacy" ) -- or using the hardware buttons , as described at hard-reset.com: switch off your phone press and hold volume-up and home buttons press the power button for 2-3 seconds release only power button , but keep pressing volume up + home buttons with volume down select wipe data/factory reset ( 3rd ) > press power there is no need to re-install any firmware . the system resides on its own ( read-only ) partition , which is not touched by this process . having followed above steps , your phone should then boot in a clean state . do not worry if the first boot after that takes a bit longer -- that is fully normal . also this does not void your warranty , as these steps would also be recommended by the service hotline if your device went nuts , and they want to eliminate the cause of misconfiguration or misbehaving ( user-installed ) apps . for a reference , you might also want to take a look at the question do a total wipe of my device .
i sometimes have problems with the media indexer ( "media storage " service ) , then i just do the following to let it rescan and rebuild all media files on the phone : settings > apps > all apps > " default music player " > force stop , clear data , clear cache settings > apps > all apps > " media storage " > force stop , clear data , clear cache reboot phone unlock your phone and wait 10-20 minutes , do not do anything , do not open your music app , do not care if it locks again just let it be for at least 10-20 min .
let me guess . . . you turned on gpu rendering in the developer options ? some apps that do not properly support it will do that . try turning that off . also , on an unrelated note : you can take screenshots by holding power and volume down .
as things stand handcent would fulfill all your criteria save the last one . in any case , ads are shown only in the options screen - never in the message list or conversation view . if you are rooted , you can use adfree to try to eliminate them .
viber does not provide facility to delete or remove member from group even if your are group admin . only option is you leave and delete group and recreate the group without that member . sorry
just tap and hold the name which u want to delete , a recycle icon will appear , then recycle it that it
the kids place app ( free ) permits you to set up a locked screen with just the apps your kids are permitted to play ; just make certain that market is not one of those apps .
in the market settings you can add a pin to protect purchases ; that should lock them out effectively enough . i do not know of anything offhand to prevent all installs , though . i would assume you had need to be rooted for an app to intercept and prevent install attempts . if you are rooted , you could use something like titanium backup to back and uninstall the market , then reinstall it when your kids are done . that might be cumbersome as well though .
try doing a factory reset again , and do not include you gmail e-mail during setup i.e. before the home screen comes , once the home screen is active then go to google play and login , should be able to download the apps
Android only supports Network Time Protocol (NTP) from Android 4.0 on and before it was NITZ/GSM only - certainly not in my opinion . the app clocksync which i use in my lg optimus one ( p500 ) running android 2.3.3 ( rooted ) works with ntp protocol . i did not rely on my gsm operator 's time settings as i found the deviation was unacceptable limits . please see the question inaccurate time ? how to fix it ? and its answer .
thumbnail cache check the .thumbnails directory in sdcard/DCIM (Digital Camera IMages)/ notice that it is a hidden directory and only visible with certain file managers with the option to view hidden files . this directory stores a lot of thumbnail data especially in the form of two large binary files . play music ( if you are using it ) play music caches your songs so Settings &gt; Clear Cache . app data left behind delete some app data cache left behind by uninstalled apps from sdcard/ and sdcard/Andorid/data . even apps such as chrome , maps , youtube leave a lot of cached files in sdcard/Andorid/data . clean those apps cache from sdcard/Andorid/data . storage space install diskusage and check your devices storage by detail . diskusage provides a way to find files and directories on storage card which consume a lot of space . after pinpointing down apps and files that consume a lot of storage with diskusage . simply deleting those files and going into Settings &gt; Apps selecting and cleaning those apps would prove sufficient .
you can not , wifi direct is for peer to peer wifi connection only , like paring with buetooth . your pc is not set up to do this kind of direct connection . so the answer is " no " . your question is mixed , what did you use to create the ad-hoc network ? what was the route that would allow you to brwose the web ? you can use an htc one x to create a wifi hotspot for the pc to connect to , but not the other way around . it is really confusing question .
this is a developer answer , but i know that when you are coding an app for android you have options that allow you to control the screen timeout . google recommends that you use the user 's preference by default and offer them actual options in the preferences of your app to change how your app affects the screen timeout , but technically you can do whatever you want . i have a number of apps ( games , poweramp , etc . ) that i allow permission to disable my screen timeout .
you can user tasker to control the timeout for individual apps .
this is a paid solution , but if you download better contacts you can get the functionality you want . and it is less than $3 .
typing out an organization name in the main search box displays the relevant contacts that have the info in the organization field .
you will have to remove the information from the name field . then your business or your organization will be displayed in the contact list . you can put the individual names of people in the company in the note 's field . you are basically saying the company is your contact entry , not the individual . of course you can also have other contacts in your list by person 's names . you can fill out organization/business info fields in those also . when searching , you will see their names in the list .
there might be a problem with your micro-usb connector i.e. the place where you connect the charger to the phone . some times the pins present there bend out of place and so this can happen . take your phone for a repair .
no . best thing to do would be to read a book on development ; offline reading of pdf files or saved web pages or rss feeds . perhaps , if you feel there is a gap in the market here you could write this game yourself ! i can not help feeling that perhaps buying a book is the best option , however . in the past i have spent some time working through these little puzzles : http://www.gimpel.com/html/bugs.htm i guess you could save some of those for offline reading .
possibly a little low-brow for your needs , but there are a couple of logo implementations on the market , such as turtle graphics . as i say , a bit simplistic , but you can at least mess about with loops and so on , and get some pretty pictures as a bonus . . .
you could try using anki it is a free spaced repetition app , so it is not exactly a game , but it is a way of learning that is more interactive than just reading . what it does is act like flash cards for your phone , although you can download the flash cards other people have created . there are quite a few programming related " shared decks " that you can download ( with decks being collections of the anki flashcards ) such as python , c , java , c# .
did you purchased it directly from google ? very likely you simply got a returned tablet , i.e. a tablet that already had a previous owner , which installed these apps . i doubt that google pre-installs superuser and rom manager .
call track is a free app that logs your call details into a google calender . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=app.calltrack
this is a bit roundabout , but it works:- from the call log , click create contact . on the screen for creating a contact , long-tap the phone number field to select it and bring up the special action mode buttons for selected text . click the ' copy ' icon . ( that is the one to the right of the pair of scissors . ) click cancel to cancel creating the contact , and answer ok to the confirmation dialog . switch to the calendar app and create a new event , or edit the event you want to change . long-tap some empty space in the description and click paste . as for why the s3 's phone app does not let you copy the number to the clipboard directly , or share it , only samsung can tell us that .
the s2 supports mhl through usb , so technically , yes . you will not be able to get a full display , just through supported apps .
i just found out it happens only with hd videos . 480p and 320p videos play normally . the problem is caused by the hardware decoder . when i use a player like mx video player , that allows me to choose a sw decoder , the playback is normal .
if you suspect an app or service is causing the freeze , and if your phone is rooted , install bloat freezer and then freeze background apps and services in groups to try and isolate the problem . a good list of apps that can be safely frozen can be found here . some of them are : all share analog clock android live wallpapers ap mobile bookstore there are over a hundred listed in the post i have referenced .
the answer depends on what you want to do . adb and ssh serve different purposes , though they have some things in common : you can remotely access your android device , and execute commands on it . with adb you can do a lot more -- you will get an idea if you read the adb tag wiki and also follow the links contained there . one more thing in common : both can be used interactively . and one more shorty : they do not depend on each other . ssh to use ssh , you will need to install a ssh server on your android device . if the latter is rooted ( as a linux user , i do not need to explain that " root " is the administrative account , and also known as the " super-user " who has full access to everything ) , you can set it up to use the default ssh port -- otherwise you need to chose one above 1000 , as it is with linux . now you can interact with the device : copy files with scp , or log in to the device directly . this way you reach a shell , and can work on the device like on any other linux machine ( almost -- of course there are some restrictions , like e.g. no x-server being present , and a limited set of commands ) . adb with adb you can also establish such a " terminal mode " , by simply executing the command adb shell without any arguments . this directly brings you to the shell prompt . similar to ssh , you can also directly execute commands by simply pass them as parameters . in this case , as with ssh , you will be returned to your local terminal prompt once the command has been completed . adb offers additional commands , not only " shell " . so you can e.g. use adb push or adb pull to transfer files ( comparable to scp ) . all the other capabilities go beyond the scope of your question -- but above mentioned tag wiki should get you started here as well . one last word on adb : similar to ssh , this is a client-server model . which means , to execute adb commands from a client , you must have a server running . this is started when you enable " usb debugging " in the settings of your android device .
you did not do a factory reset then , but probably a soft reset . to perform a factory reset from the home screen press menu > settings > sd card and phone storage > factory data reset > reset phone > erase everything . that should take you back to square one . reply back with a comment if not . update : boot into the bootloader : completely power off the deivce . then hold down the back button and press the power/end call button to restart your phone . keep the back button held down till the bootloader menu appears . from here do you have an option to wipe , reset , or factory reset ( or something along those lines ) ? if so try it .
download facebook contact sync . i had this same problem and found this tool . its not foolproof as the name in your contacts has to pretty much exactly match what they have in fb as their name . so people using weird names so they can not be found will not allow them to sync . otherwise it works well .
the facebook app does not have an option for it , so basically : you can not . facebook also provides no way to easily export contact information , so you had have to do it manually ( or with some crazy script/app that scrapes the info from the website ) .
one has to delete the gallery user settings get the choice for the import back .
after digging through the source that roxan mentioned a bit , it looks like the following in /proc can tell you what cpu speeds are available and how much time has been spent in each : /sys/devices/system/cpu/cpu0/cpufreq/stats/time_in_state however , it does give some other states that are not appropriate . for example , on my samsung vibrant , i get : 1400000 0 1300000 0 1200000 0 1000000 214141 800000 40092 400000 25273 200000 6159308 100000 389  but the chip 's standard clock is 1 ghz . so it looks like it should be fairly trivial to find the highest listed speed that has a non-zero time to it . for my purposes , this should be very adequate . edit : i have observed that sometimes the order in which the frequencies is listed can vary , so you will want to iterate through the whole list and find the fastest ( as opposed to stopping at the first non-zero ) . more edit : here 's a function that works for me :
i use this tiny , open source awesome app called cpu spy . not only this shows you the maximum cpu clock rate that your phone supports it also shows you all the clock rates that your phone supports . it will also display the total time and percentage the phone spends on each clock rate .
read this file to get the max frequency : /sys/devices/system/cpu/cpu0/cpufreq/cpuinfo_max 
to contradict the above /sys/devices/system/cpu/cpu0/cpufreq/stats/time_in_state  does not return the correct values . for example on my own device the frequencies are not correctly reported . as you can see , the clock speed on my device is 1200mhz - but only 1000mhz max shows in time_in_state . however , the following is correct cat /sys/devices/system/cpu/cpu0/cpufreq/cpuinfo_max_freq 1200000 
google docs requires an active internet connection , when that error happens try testing whether you can access internet on the browser . you can alternatively make a document available offline in the preview document screen , you still will not be able to edit it but it will be still be readable .
if you hold down on the ' v ' key for a brief pause it will type the secondary character , which for that key is the apostrophe . each key has a secondary character which is shown in black in the top right corner of the key .
i am not an user of swiftkey , rather an user of swype . i am suggesting this with an assumption that both apps should not be miles apart in their feature . in swype we can do this by moving the finger through apostrophe , considering it as a part of the word . so , if you would like to type can't then start swiping on c , to a , then to n , then to ' , and finally finish at t . you can see this demonstration video as well .
the way i do it is to have space insert the suggestion . that way i write cant and hit spaces and swiftkey inserts the suggestion of can not in its place . i basically never use the apostrophe key .
i think that it is due to the keyboard layout . swiftkey 's qwerty layout do not put the ' key in the " abc" part of the keyboard . if you want to type a ' '' with the qwerty layout , you have to go to the " 123" part of the keyboard and then type on the ' virtual key . but unlike the qwerty layout , the azerty layout has got the ' key in the " abc" part of the keyboard : to switch to the azerty layout , go in swiftkey settings > Languages and layouts . then go to the keyboard language ( the one you use ) and type on the keyboard icon near the checkbox . then select " AZERTY" when the list of available layouts is opened .
have you tried inetify or network tester to check for wifi connectivity ?
is there a way to configure my phone to use my cell data when the connected wi-fi is not working\unavailable , etc ? assuming you are talking about wifi being activated , then in this case , wifi and cellular data are exclusive , you cannot have one activated and yet use the other . a flip-flop operation , switch on wifi , cellular data is off , switch off wifi , cellular data is on . cannot have both ! check the firmware - perhaps a newer update is available ? what version of android are you referring to ? quite possibly , izzy 's solution of using tasker might suffice , this was answered recently ?
no this is not possible up to android 4.2 . some convention they need to follow that is why if mobile phone is connected by wifi ( no matter internet connection is there or not to wifi router or device by which your phone is connected ) then it will not get connect by mobile data . may be you will find some application on google store but i am not sure . because if some application do this then they need to change at kernel level or they need to customize the operating system .
have you tried Settings &gt; Connection &gt; Wi-Fi &gt; Left-click (soft menu) &gt; Advanced &gt; Check for Internet service ? note : i have an s4 ( build xxubmga )
after some digging , i have to decide that what you are trying to achieve is not possible since there is no way to check whether there are additional login requirements necessary for the connected wi-fi networks . you may be able to check the connectivity of the wi-fi network with the methods mentioned by both geffchang and nobugs . but , since the connections with additional authentications literally give you the internet access to login to their network , the said apps and methods ( even the tasker ) will sadly be of lesser use . but the network tester app suggested by nobugs seems promising even though it cannot switch the connections . you can use an app like auto wifi / 3g switch to do the switching automatically . this app can be used to disable mobile data / 3g connection automatically when your device is connected to a wifi network and re-enable mobile data when your device is disconnected from wifi network . again of course , the app cannot detect whether or not there are additional authentications . finally you are left with manually switching and toggling your mobile data and wi-fi . you can use an app like 3g wifi connection mode .
have you tried installing a stock image from rom manager and then upgrading from there ? just to make certain that you are using a clean stock image . are you wanting to keep root ? any ota updates might remove your root ( i do not have a n1 , so i do not know how the 2.2.1 update will affect your root status ) .
installing the stock android 2.2 frf91 or newer unroots the phone . i had this same problem . you can downgrade and root using the directions here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=717870
afaik , the original droid is completely hardware incapable of providing video out via usb . the droid incredible does provide this functionality , but it has a usb port specifically designed for it ( extra pins ) .
we have here two situations colliding . for wireless-tether to have worked in the first place , it means that you were rooted . it is typical behavior of ota updates to remove root access . you must re-root your device in order to ensure that wireless-tether will work properly again . the root access portion of wireless-tether is what helps it work its magic that prevents that verizon hijack page from coming up .
the droid x has a similar issue with this , make sure that you set the device profile to droid 2 in wifi tether . this is a setting that was added in the wifi tether 3.0+ versions .
i was able to solve this , but it is not pretty . following the advice in this thread , i applied a hack to the radio that gets wireless tether working . edit : i can confirm this exact procedure will also work on a droid x . download and install radiocomm . it worked fine on windows 7 x64 . open radiocom . this was the first time i opened the app , and a splash screen asked for me to " select which ma to use . " i could not find the ma mentioned in the thread in this list , so i just selected 3g all others ( or something like that ) . open the main menu , select ma , common , mdm 6x00 chipset base . open the settings menu , select usb , pst usb driver . connect phone to computer via usb . change the phone 's usb connection mode to pc mode . the radio detection icon on the right side of radiocomm will turn green . scroll to the p2k 4 tab . in the stelem / rdelem section , tick the dec entries radio box . in the text boxes , enter : Element ID: 8040 Record #: 1 Offset: 0 Length: 128  press RDELEM . it will turn green and the following data should appear : change Element ID to 8041 . press STELEM . it will turn green . change Element ID to 8091 . press STELEM . change the phone 's usb connection mode to charge only . reboot the phone . install wifi tether 3.1-beta6 . in wifi tether 's settings , change the device profile to motorola droidx ( cdma ) . ( droid2 does not work . ) this is a good time to set your ssid and encryption as well . done . you can now tether . in case you need to revert the changes we just made , here 's the original values : ( these are the same on a d2g and droid x ) 8041: 8091:
you could use widgetlocker and have a shortcut on your lockscreen to your camera . i have not personally tried this , but it should technically work .
with just the stock android experience , no . that is , until ice cream sandwich is released . that is not to say that oems have not added their own changes that do allow for launching the camera app without unlocking , or perhaps a clever developer making a change to the lockscreen .
there are apps in android market which provide an alternate lockscreen such as widgetlock or magiclocker ( free ) through which you could have direct access to camera from the lock screen . also with some custom rom 's based on cyanogenmod , you could add shortcuts to any app on the lock screen .
even if it would be doable , consider a few things making it extremely unlikely : in that early stage , the touchscreen is not yet initialized – so how would you input your pin/password/pattern to unlock the bootloader before firing up the custom recovery ? another risk introduced this way : if you break your display , you are effectively knocked-out : even if the problem described above could be worked around , that work-around would be rendered useless at this place . true , there are things like touch-based custom recoveries . so technically , that would be the place to make it possible : once the recovery is initialized , it could ask for a code to unlock before offering its real services . this might even include a " fallback mode " for a broken screen using e.g. shake-patterns ( accelerometer-based ) or nfc ( if applyable ) . but that is nothing we can solve here at this site : you will have to contact the resp . developers for this ( twrp and/or clockworkmod , to name two examples ) .
according to the official bug report here , starting at about post 26 , it seems the sentiment is that this is a hardware issue . i have contacted verizon and they are shipping me a replacement . i will update the question again if this does not permanently resolve the issue . http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=23789q=label%3apriority-mediumcolspec=id%20type%20status%20owner%20summary%20stars
there is only one possible way to restore your device after unmounting system and/or bricking it . and that is to flash ( via odin ) the original stock firmware in a file named : pda_hc31_eg01ba_ap352081user_cp1033580_lte20110704_0708 . tar nothing else will work . only this one file will be able to unbrick this device . the procedure is quite easy . on the device hold volume up + power select odin mode ( right icon ) connect usb to device and computer on the computer download and run odin 1.85 ( this is important because diff versions of odin support diff files ) check off pda and select the above tar file click start ( 3 boxes should be checked , 2 default and pda ) the odin software will then transfer the stock firmware to the device and shut off when the transfer is finished . user must boot up the device again . when the device boots up , it will automatically install the firmware . the device is now officially unbricked .
they are most likely there , just you are not looking in the right label . outlook screws up your gmail folders/labels and causes very annoying gmail sync issues . that is why i quit using outlook with my gmail .
i have a similar problem and have been seeing similar issues over the past month or so . it appears that imap copy into inbox or other gmail labels no longer generates new mail events / notifications . i have tested with multiple folders ( including the inbox ) using both outlook 2010 and the latest versions of thunderbird setup for imap . i have found that android 's gmail app as well as gooogle 's gmail web interface only update / generate notifications when an email is received by the gmail servers . based on the above , the only conclusion i can come to is that google is no longer generating new mail events within the overall gmail environment when an imap email client copies messages into folders . i too wish they would . i was using outlook to copy email from an exchange account to a gmail label and received notification on my android device . this worked well for a long time ( a few years ? ) . edit : may 1st , 2013 since my post in march it appears that these notifications are now working . has been for a couple of weeks . seems like the problems were most likely issues with google servers . anyway . . . i no longer have this problem .
as sid encouraged , i will convert my comment to an answer -- while merging in details from the other comments : there are mainly two ways the sdcard is addressed from within apps : hardcoded path ( e . g . /sdcard/funnyapp ) using androids api , i.e. getExternalStorageDirectory() while 1 . might fail if the sdcard is mounted to a different place , 2 . would lead the app to store things in the " first " sdcard ( on devices with internal sdcard , that means internal sdcard , on others external ) . but both cases share the fact : if the app does not offer a configuration option , there is nothing you can do to change that . android does not offer a corresponding setting , and symlinks do not work on sdcards ( due to file system limitations ) . same applies to the storage used for the app itself , as sid wrote pointing to android support documents ( see also the developers documentation on app install location for this ) . while in most cases one can move an app using the app2sd feature built into android , the developer can overrule this so his app cannot be moved . as for john 's comment , this would not really work . still a little explanation on what he most likely meant : using " root powers " , you could change ownership of all files and directories . so his idea probably was to make all things on your sdcard owned by root , and only readable to others . this would not work for multiple reasons : this would make things even more complicated to you ( as you could not write either without becoming root before , every single time ) . you could not do that on directory level ( e . g . doing it for every single directory except for one with a " fantasy name " like e.g. " myowndocs " , where you could store your stuff without the trouble from the previous argument ) , as the file system on the card ( fat ) does not support that . it could somehow if you use a script to remount the card read-write each time when you want to write to it , and make it read-only again once you are done . but again , this complication most likely is not worth it . in addition , some apps might crash with a read-only sdcard , as they ( for good reasons ) do not expect an sdcard present but not writable . tl ; dr so in short : if the apps cannot be configured such themselves , there is no way to accomplish this ( except for re-writing those apps ) .
you say your phone is rooted , it is then possible to change the default installation location that the packagagemanager uses to install apps . this will only work with apps that allow it , as others have already pointed out , apps may choose to ignore the packagemanagers recommendation and install to internal/external anyway even if you choose the opposite . also , big game files in the obb directory are stored where the obb directory actually is located ; this is dependent on which phone you use . to change the default installation directory : 1 ) use terminal emulator from google play ( or , alternatively , enable usb debugging and use adb ) 2 ) in terminal emulator , enter : su  accept the superuser request , then try either : pm setInstallLocation X  or : pm set-install-location X  where x can either be 0 = let packagamanager decide 1 = install on internal by default 2 = install on external by default
yes , this is the correct and official way of flashing be aware though , that no matter which way you flash , you can still break your phone for example , you are in the middle of flashing your device , and the usb lead comes out - bricked device . or you are flashing , and you have a powercut - bricked device . so , the moral is that there is no completely 100% safe way of flashing a device .
the app that did the trick for me is auto proxy ( requires root ) . all apps work , including browser , maps , gmail , etc . and it worked on android 2.2 , 2.3 and 4.0 . additionally , wifi proxy settings are built in to ics , but i have had limited success with it . it seems to automatically disconnect from the wireless network . your mileage may vary .
there is a bugreport on the android site for this which is still open . you can set proxy settings for apn ( mobile network ) but not for wifi . in ics also only the browser will be affected by the wifi proxy setting . also authentification will not completly work at all ( see report )
htc does not have a data one for that ? they used to . i believe curvefish has one on the market . i think it is apn onoff . or search for other apn widgets .
although there is not a general solution for remotely launching apps , here is a solution that applies to your situation : first , install androidlost from the online google play store . this is the app you can use to control/wipe/access info about your lost device , yadayada give it a little time to install to your device , then install androidlost jumpstart from the online google play store as well this app will wake up the registration process on the androidlost app when ever a phone call is made , an sms received , battery is low , a package is added , removed or changed . so you have to install an arbitrary app from the play store as well to activate the service , but you can then go to androidlost . com to access functions to control your lost device ! including ringing an alarm ; )
assuming that you have not changed the default triggers for the app , you can simply text your phone from another device with : findme to get your phone to send you gps information about it is location ringaloud to get your phone to send you gps information about it is location and to ring out loud at full volume . sourced from their instructions page .
if gps accuracy is enough for you , plan b is just what you need . you can remotely install it via the play store web interface and it activates automatically , sending the phone 's coordinates to your primary google account . however , it can not play sounds on your device to help you narrow the location further .
if the computer and the phone are on the same network , than you can use adb via wifi . there is an app that makes it to turn it on/off : adbwireless after enabling it open a command prompt and execute : adb connect ip:5555 
unfortunately rooting your phone will not change a thing , as the problem is on the windows side . if windows does not have a way to communicate with the phone ( ie , a driver ) , then it does not matter if the phone has a different rom on it - the hardware is still the same . however , if you package your apps as apks you can upload them to the sd card and then click on them to install that way . in eclipse : right click on the project > android tools > export signed application package . follow the prompts and you are flying .
you would need to enable usb host mode on your xoom . google this for some more details on this - you will need a rooted xoom ; there will also be links to usb otg ( on the go ) cables that will let you use this ( most of them seem to be micro-usb to usb female , into which you would then need to plug your normal usb cable ) . i do not know if this usb otg configuration would actually charge your phone - some usb otg do not provide power at all . copying files would work on this really easily ( i think that is what it is generally been done for ) , but network may be a little trickier - it would rely on the xoom having the usb network drivers for your n1 , which it might not ( in that case you had need to compile the drivers/kernel modules for your xoom , where it starts to get messy :-/ )
i have a nexus s running 2.3 and when i go to calendar -> menu -> more -> settings , i see this screen . if you click the default reminder time you have the option of none .
is the video player you are referring to is rockplayer ? there is an app know cpu for rockplayer that lets you check that .
i do not know of a way to differentiate between various versions of armv6 processors , but i can recommend a good media player . try moboplayer on your huawei u8150 and see if it plays your media . they also have various codec packages for better compatibility , but again i have no idea to tell which specific type is in a given handset .
enable usb debugging and download the sdk tools . then it is super easy : note that on my device , it is ARMv7 , and has ( among other features ) vfp support .
obviously the su binary you installed does not work well with your system . as you luckily created a backup of the original su executable , recommendation is to revert the incompatible changes first : adb shell $ oldsu # mount -o remount,rw /system # rm /system/xbin/su /system/bin/su # cp /system/xbin/oldsu /system/xbin/su # exit $ exit adb reboot  explanation : start adb shell and become root ( using the working oldsu executable ) . delete /system/xbin/su ( which is only a symlink now ) and the incompatible /system/bin/su , then copy the working su back to where it belongs . then exit the root shell and finally adb shell . the reboot is optional , and should not be needed . also optionally you could remove busybox ( or keep it if it works ) . before exiting adb shell you might wish to test whether su works again , just to be sure ( which is why i wrote cp for this : if anything goes wrong , you still have your oldsu available ) . with those steps , you should at least have everything in working order again , and this issue is solved . updating to a newer android version is a separate issue : please check the update tag , as corresponding questions already exist . same for the rom you might need ( check the rom tag for that , and in also check the tag-wikis for update and rom ) .
you should be able to change the input method by long pressing on a text box > input method . the menu should give you a list of input methods , select the one that is not swype .
from the home screen , press the menu button and go to language settings , where you will be able to select the default keyboard . you can also change the keyboard by long pressing a text box .
this is expected behaviour . the screen turns off during a call to prevent you from accidentally pressing on the screen . i do not know if it possible to turn this off without rooting . it seems on some samsung firmwares there is an option within the phone app but if you have checked there then i do not think it is possible .
1 ) does there exist a way to make the lock screen pattern larger on android 4.3 so that it looks more like it previously in android 4.1.2 without the use of a third-party app ? i do not intend on using the space provided for widgets above the pattern , so a solution that causes this functionality to be removed in the process is acceptable . as from above images it seems that the upper widget screen is comparatively similar in both images , i think the width of lock pattern is reduced . so , i think you can not change the size of lock pattern without the use of a third-party app 2 ) if no native solution exists , is there a third-party app that i can download that will allow me to substitute the default home lock screen pattern for one that is larger ? i am aware that there are app-specific lock screens with large patterns , but i am referring to the home lock screen only . afaik , you can not replace the home lock screen . you can disable the home lock screen and enable the third party app lock screen , which will work as lock screen . example : go locker !
check Settings → Wireless &amp; networks → More → Mobile networks → Data enabled to enable it see user guide
you can do this with the secure settings plugin . parts of it require root , so i am not sure whether this will work if you are un-rooted . it works perfectly for me , but i am rooted .
you may not get 21mbps downloads on hspa+ , but otherwise , voice calls and data access should work just fine , provided you get a compatible sim card from the local provider .
i just bought a galaxy nexus ( unlocked directly from google play store ) and it works fine for me . i tested 2g and 3g over airtel networks .
have you tried installing kies ? other solution is , windows 8 will take some time to load and install drivers . please keep you phone connected to windows 8 in usb mode . it will install the driver .
first check if u have normal google adb drivers , if no then download them , put your device in usb debugging mode ( this settings location depends upon your android os version ) go to devices and printers in control panel -> go to properties of your device ( device should be connected ) -> change settings -> update driver -> let me pick driver from my pc -> adb interface -> ( it will give u list of adb drivers on ur machice ) if you find any samsung driver there click on it and click next or finish . else choose google adb interface driver and finish . your device should be working properly with proper drivers installed : )
short answer , you cannot , themeing features are specific to cyanogenmod , and if attempting to apply this on top of a stock rom , will either result in force closes , or boot-loops . you cannot have it both ways . go down the cyanogenmod route and then the themeing will work , or forget about it .
you cannot . the cyanogen theming engine is specific to cm and derivative roms . samsung stock roms have touchwiz ui , which is a proprietary layer . theming cm to look like touchwiz , or creating mashups would be easier because of cm 's open nature . some carriers might give packs , like sprint ( source ) . you can install a different launcher and install themes on it , of course . go launcher , for one , has many themes .
it is originally part of the t-mobile theme engine , which is open source so you can implement in other roms , but you will need a rom that has it built in http://code.google.com/p/android-theme/wiki/tmobilethemeengine
sorry to say this but this facility is not there . . ! !
even if all other ways fail , you can still root it the manual way : go to http://androidsu.com/superuser/ and download the latest su binary for your phone . ( arm , 3.1.3 , i would assume ) put the downloaded zip file into the root directory of your phone 's sd card . shut down the phone . boot the phone into recovery mode . on samsung devices , this is done by holding [ vol up ] + [ home ] during boot . select " apply update from sd card " and navigate to the zip file and confirm . the su binary is now being installed . reboot your phone afterwards . install the app " superuser " ( com.noshufou.android.su ) from the playstore . your phone should now be rooted . test it by running the superuser app . alternatively , there is this instruction from xda . i cannot provide guarantee that this will work . certain phone manufacturers take the process of rooting your phone as a void of guarantee .
probably there are not known tools for mac which can perform operations for android . however there is a best possible option to install virtual machine on mac and then install windows on it . or there is another solution from apple : 1 . install bootcamp from here 2 . after installing windows using bootcamp , you can use any windows tools for rooting your device . that is it . hope it helps u .
1 . install virtualbox on either your mac or linux 2 . install virtualbox extension pack ( on virtualbox download page ) 3 . install a windows virtual machine of your choice 4 . enable usb 2.0 in virtualbox for the windows vm 5 . install kingo andriod root inside windows 6 . root you are welcome .
yes you can simply turn off/reduce your volume to 0 for the notifications and only keep the ringer volume as required . you can do this under settings> sounds ( as you have not specified any os details or the device make or model i can only give you a common answer )
i believe you can setup something with tasker . create a new event , based off of state --> " calendar entry " . then create a task based off of it to alert a sound for you or show a dialog or whatever you need for it to do .
log on to google calendar online through web browser ( i did this on pc . not sure if these steps are available on mobile calendar site ) . go to settings > calendar settings > calenders > click notification against your specific calendar . remove reminder for sms and add reminder for pop up . by the above steps , whenever a new event is added on-line , it will set an alarm notification for it on mobile when synced . for already created event , change the notification for each event to pop up through web browser .
using stock calendar apps , you can Press "Menu Button" &gt; Tap "More" &gt; Tap "Settings" &gt; Tap "Set Alerts &amp; Notifications" to set the phone to ring for each reminder you have set for each events . edit : the stock calendar icon : press " menu " , then tap on " more": tap " settings : tap " set alerts and notifications": tap on " alert " : this is on calendar version 7 on 2.1-eclair samsung spica
the galaxy tab runs the android os , so no , you will not be able to install any software that is made for a pc ( unless they have re-made it for android ) . i do not believe you can connect a printer to it , but there may be ways to print wirelessly ( i have no experience with this ) . no mouse support that i know of as it is a touch screen device .
in addition to bryan 's answers - the very last question - no , you can not connect a usb flash drive .
here is a review that should clear up all of your questions . except whether or not it would run photoshop ( any version ) and the simple answer is no , it will not run any windows or mac software . i do not even think there is an emulator , but i may be wrong . either way it does not have the hardware to run both an emulator and photoshop , it would probably not run photoshop effectively even if there was a native version . there is also no usb port of any kind , not even micro ; it charges through a samsung proprietary cable .
for file interchange issues you may use dropbox . this utility is available for ms-windows , mac os x and linux ( and even iphone ) ; you will get a folder , which is synchronized between any of your machines . it is very comfortable , you can organize your shared file set on a desktop machine , then you have just wait for a while to appear it on your android device . i think it is more comfortable than using a pendrvie . ( dropbox is a commercial service , but you get 2 gbyte space for free . ) for iphone and ipad , which devices have no sd card slot nor any other way to exchange files with computers , it is a life saving solution . for using desktop software on your android device , you should try some kind of remote desktop , like vnc . i have not tried , but it seems that it works .
your carrier determine a social network by his hostname or ip as said in comment , not with a specific application . but there is sometimes where this feature does not work with apps ( some apps use proxy , do not know if this is the case for facebook or twitter . . . ) . an other case is this only work on the carrier 's website ( if they provide social network functions directly on their site ) , but it would be said on your carrier 's offer . anyway this is only determined by the ip or hostname . you can not do that by designate an app with a certain programming function . . .
a complete article on vpn on htc desire is present on the htc europe portal . hope this will help you out . connecting to a virtual private network ( vpn ) from your phone , you can add , set up , and manage virtual private networks ( vpns ) that allow you to connect and access resources inside a secured local network , such as your corporate network . depending on the type of vpn you are using at work , you may be required to enter your login credentials and/or install security certificates before you can connect to your company’s local network . you can get this information from your network administrator . also , your phone must first establish a wi-fi or data connection before you can initiate a vpn connection . for information about setting up and using these connections on your phone , see data connection and wi-fi . setting up secure credential storage if your network administrator instructs you to download and install security certificates , you must first set up the phone’s secure credential storage . from the home screen , press menu , tap settings > security , and then tap set password . enter a new password for the credential storage ( at least 8 characters without any spaces ) . scroll down and confirm the password , and then tap ok . select the use secure credentials check box . you can then download and install the certificates needed to access your local network your network administrator can tell you how to do this . adding a vpn connection from the home screen , press menu , tap settings > wireless and networks > vpn settings . tap add vpn , and then tap the type of vpn you want to add . tap the vpn settings and set them up according to the security details you obtained from your network administrator . press menu , and then tap save . the vpn is then added to the vpns section of the vpn settings screen . connecting to a vpn from the home screen , press menu , tap settings > wireless and networks > vpn settings . in the vpns section , tap the vpn that you want to connect to . when prompted , enter your log in credentials , and then tap connect . when you are connected , the vpn connected icon appears in the notification area of the title bar . you can then open the web browser to access resources such as intranet sites on your corporate network . disconnecting from a vpn press and hold the title bar , and then slide down your finger to open the notifications panel . tap the vpn connection to return to the vpn settings screen , and then tap the vpn connection to disconnect from it . when your phone has disconnected from the vpn , the vpn disconnected icon is displayed in the notification area of the title bar .
its nice , u have solved the issue , i got some useful hints when i faced the same trouble while debugging htc , i was unable to set well wifi due to wrong vpn configs and these were the steps that i followed to set well a new connection , tap the home icon , tap menu , and tap settings . tap wireless and networks . tap vpn settings tap add vpn select the type of vpn to add ( pptp , l2tp , l2tp/ipsec psk vpn , l2tp/ipsec crt vp ) enter vpn details such as vpn name , vpn server , etc setting up vpn well and debugging android os solved the issue . . this is original source where these steps to be found . . . . htc vpn setup thnx
after updating my phone to htc official desire 2.3.3 dev rom , it works . so it looks like there is a bug fixed by android or htc rom in 2.3.3 .
i had the same issue for awhile running bugless beast rom on my droid and i could not get rid of it and finally gave up . then one day i moved to cyanogenmod 6 ( wiped , etc ) and the problem stopped . wish i could give an easy answer , but , for me , it did not go away until a wiped everything and started over with a new rom .
how many internal space do you have ( check on Settings &gt; SD card &amp; phone storage settings &gt; Internal phone storage &gt; Available Space ) ? make sure to leave at least 15-20 mb of internal space ( probably larger if you have a large number of large apps ) so you can safely update apps . if you have little internal memory left , then updates will fail and " update all " will fail en masse . the solution is to update the apps one by one , or to clear up some space in the internal memory . i never had problems with updating apps installed in sd card except when my phone 's internal memory reaches about 5-10 mb .
i asked a similar question a few months ago . unmounting the sd card and updating seemed to resolve the problem in the short term , but i also get the error every so often when attempting to install updates . i am not sure what actually causes the problem to occur , but in the meantime i am installing apps onto my sd card and when i get an installation/update unsuccessful , i move it to internal storage . most of my apps reside just fine on my sd card , so it has not been a big deal . i do sympathize with how annoying it is , though . best of luck finding a more long-term answer .
the default download location is /sdcard/download , i do not know if it is different for wallpaper . the current image used as wallpaper is stored in /data/data/com.android.settings/files/wallpaper .
at first , i thought this was most likely an instance of android cloud to device messaging , but it can not be : whatsapp does not declare the necessary permissions , and it works in eclair ( android 2.1 ) , while cloud to device messaging ( and its replacement , google cloud messaging ) require at least froyo ( android 2.2 ) . however , it is most likely some sort of push notification service . it is impossible to say exactly how it is implemented without access to whatsapp 's source code . the part about it being able to receive messages when not in use is relatively easy to explain , though . the app almost certainly has a service which runs in the background to check in with the server periodically ( or receive the server push , or whatever it does ) . when you receive a message , the service pops up a notification . as for the question as to how the server could do a push , here 's a possibility ( again , i can not verify without source code ) : whatsapp starts and opens two sockets : one to listen on and one to send a message to the server . whatsapps starts listening on the first socket . whatsapp sends a message containing your phone number and the port of the listening socket to the server and waits for an acknowledgement . the server records the phone and port numbers in the message and the ip address that the message came from . the server sends an acknowledgement to the app . the app receives the acknowledgement and closes the message socket . a message with your phone number as the destination comes into the server . the server uses the ip address and port number it has associated with your phone number and uses that information to push the message to your phone . for this to work , the app would need to monitor the state of the network connection and reset the listening socket / resend the registration message when necessary ( if the ip address changes , for example ) .
i am certainly sure that whatsapp does not open any listening ports . most isps block incoming requests , that would not work . whatsapp has a service . basically that means that technically you never quit whatsapp . so , the way you receive messages while you are " not running " whatsapp is the exact same way you receive them when you are running it . the client , in this case whatsapp , connects to the server . the client maintains that connection . when the server has something new to say , it sends it to the client via that connection , and that is all . your first guess is correct . whatsapp has no true log out mechanism , see this . whatsapp does not have a logout mechanism . the application is designed to always be connected so that you receive your messages quickly , even when you are not actively using your phone . this is similar to how sms works and allows whatsapp messages to be delivered almost instantly .
their faq suggests they use gcm . check the answer to " are messages still taking too long to reach your phone ? "
all android apps on the google play store have a list of permissions they use which includes the use of the camera . it is tedious to look through the permissions of each app manually from the play store . instead try using an app that lists the app permissions and list apps using the camera/microphone permissions . eg . permissions observatory ( i have no connections with this app , i found it randomly , and i do not use it )
myweigth is a promising app for that purpose , but not yet released to android . myweight puts the retina display to work with beatuiful hi-resolution graphics . interactive controls and dials will have you looking forward to tracking your weight each day . our elegant sync feature will guarantee your data is safe and accessable anywhere . available now in the itunes app store and soon to the android market .
weigh weight lite did the trick for me .
fatsecret has a calorie counter app that keeps track of your weight . you can also use it to keep track of calories consumed and exercise on a daily basis . information can be backed up to the fatsecret site online if you choose to do so .
see this : http://www.appbrain.com/app/lifetracking/com.lifetracking lifetracking application allows you to track any value that is important to you like your weight , blood pressure , or number of pushups you do a day , as well as any time-consuming activities like sleeping , working , watching tv , etc . you can also graph the data to see it visually and use the application to analyze it . the goal of the application is to help you know yourself and your schedule better . hopefully , when you graph things side-by-side you will understand yourself and your life bette
android jelly bean has extended emoji support . there are various possibilities to type emoji by yourself : install an emoji keyboard and enable the language switch button on your default keyboard , to fast switch to the emoji keyboard . for example : new emoji keyboard use a messaging app which has in-app emoji support ( obsolete since android 4 . x+ supports it by default ) , like whatsapp or handcent sms or other 3rd party sms replacements you can enable basic emoji on android 4.1 jelly bean : simply go into settings > language and input > android keyboard ( settings ) > add-on dictionaries > emoji for english words . you may have to go back into add-on dictionaries , click refresh and install again . now , whenever you type out one of the emoji keywords in the regular android keyboard , you should see an auto-complete suggestion for an emoji icon . ( this is for aosp android , it may not work on custom roms or samsung/htc/lg/sony etc ) if your rom does not support the above possibilities , then maybe obtain root and install emoji font updater ( root ) to get natively supported emojis , but yeah you already have native emoji support as i understand from your question so this is mainly obsolete and i just write it if other readers wanna try : ) emoji keywords : up , down , left , right , star , smile , voltage , warning , victory , wheelchair , five-eighths , seven-eighths , liter , soccer , woman , man , telephone , phone , flat , sharp , note , multiplication , plus , minus , divide , snowflake , flower , question , exclamation , circle , paper , rock , scissors , arrow , baseball , soccer , golf , fahrenheit , celsius , degree , aries , taurus , gemini , cancer , leo , virgo , libra , scorpius , sagittarius , capricorn , aquarius , pisces , phone , telephone , airplane , sailboat , aleph , king , queen , bishop , knight , rook , pawn , church , temple , differential , plus , minus , multiplication , divide , trademark , male , female , five-eighths , seven-eighths , one-thirds , two-thirds , happy , heart , star , hourglass , infinity , integral , reference , sharp , flat , wheelchair , warning , voltage , victory
i believe handcent sms has the ability to allow a user to choose between the emoji style of ios5 / ios6 and android . there is an additional emoji plugin that one would need to install in order to get this functionality .
replacing will probably work . however adding or removing files might not , flashable zip 's need to contain a script which tells them what to do ( in this case : installing , moving , copying files ) you need to change these scripts to your desire , i do not know much abou that but xda-developers has a lot information about it . another problem might be some sort of checksum which verifies integrity . you can make a nandroid-backup and test it yourself ; )
i advise you to start the messaging app to see if a settings menu is attached to the application , rather than as a general setting . look for a setting similar to the name " delivery report " or " delivery confirmation " , and turn it off .
message app--> setting --> turn off delivery report
i am looking for documentation to back this up , but in my experimentation the " default " phone number for a contact is what is used with voice commands if you do not define a phone " type " . so , if i have three phone numbers for john smith , if i just use the command Call John Smith the default phone number will be used . otherwise , i need to use Call John Smith home or Call John Smith mobile . it is also used if , when looking at a list of contacts , you tap the phone icon next to the contact 's name . it will use the default phone number ( if defined ) .
i recommend reading up the nookdevs wiki , and specifically the section about rooting . it is a very straight-forward process that is completely reversible . to answer your questions : if the rooting process fails , you can always boot from the sd card and start over . there is an official b and n 1.1 stock image floating around that can be used to bring your nook color back to its original state at any time . you can run a custom rom entirely off the sd card . the nc will run a bit slower ( depends on the speed of the sd card ) , but you will be able to retain the original firmware . just remove the card and it will boot normally . you can install a custom rom onto the internal memory , overwriting the stock image . the nook will run faster this way . there are also ways to re-map the internal partitions and set up dual-boot , so that you could run both original firmware and a custom rom from internal memory . a prompt during power-up will allow you to select which rom to boot into .
the root process should not fail . there is a thing called " auto nootering " which will automatically do the rooting for you . they have been keeping it up to date with each update coming out for the device from b and n . if the device reboots 8 times in a row , it will reset itself to factory settings . you can find more info here . you need a microsd card to root the device . basically , you put an image onto the sd card , then turn on the nook and it boots that image and enables root access . you then remove the sd card and re-format it ( because the image previously will give it a small partition , additionally you do not want it to boot it again after you have already done it once ) . the nook color is setup that it will boot up off of the sd card before it will boot off of the internal memory ( hence why this rooting process works ) . you can therefore have a dual boot with the stock rom plus another rom on the sd card ( nookie froyo , cyanogenmod7 , or the honeycomb rom ) . this way you experiment with roms and not mess up your stock image . however , it is loading these from the sd card , therefore it will be a bit slower than if it was running off the internal memory of the device . but you can also flash these roms to the internal memory as well .
this depends on your device . sone android devices have usb ports that can work in host mode or support usb otg . these devices can at least have read access to the usb drives , some can even use them as full mounts . one app that allows read access on a lot of devices is nexus media importer . you can use it to browse media and copy files to internal storage .
i am not sure i entirely understood the scenario you are describing , but a similar function to right-click-> bookmark on android would be to do a long press on the link , then choose bookmark link . this should bookmark the link as it exists on the page , regardless of where it eventually sends you .
i do not see a " bookmark link " option on 3.1 honeycomb 's browser . an alternative would be to : copy the url link by long pressing the link you need to bookmark and choose " copy link url " create a new bookmark by clicking on the star on the location bar on any page replace the label and location in the new bookmark options with the url you just copied and the title of the page you need to bookmark
made it . . . after going to market account -> settings -> edit , i chose " show in menus " and now it works .
the nexus s uses a traditional sim card slot , but you should be able to do this provided that you get a proper micro-sim to sim adapter . here 's what i got from a quick google search , and as you can see they are relatively inexpensive . also be aware that the nexus s will not have 3g capability on the at and t network , as i explained in this question . this may or may not matter to you , of course .
you can side-load any android app provided you have the apk . however , by default these phones do not come pre-installed with google 's core applications like the play store . but you can " hack " the devices and install google apps . needless to say it will void warranty and root access is required . there is this guide in xda forums that should help people install google services on their nokia x device .
basically the error while retrieving information from server is due to the problem with the play store ( settings might be invalid or some another issue with the play store ) on your device . you can easily solve the problem with the following steps 1 ) go to " settings"> applications 2 ) tap manage applications> select " all " 3 ) scroll to google play store and tap it . 4 ) tap force stop> ok > clear data > and tap " ok " . 5 ) tap the back button to get back to the applications list> tap google service framework from the list 6 ) tap force stop> ok> tap clear data> tap " ok " . 7 ) now power off wait for few while and reboot the device , try installing it now it should solve the problem . note :-please follow the correct sequence of force stop and then clear data in order to solve your problem
it has one major feature , at least on my phone , i can not watch playlists on the site , but i can from the app . i find that it loads faster and it is interface is much easier to use .
you should not lose any viewing features . the youtube application is simply a way to make it easier to view and search , without having to load the entire html pages . probably the only feature you would not be able to take advantage of ( and i do not know this for sure ) is uploading . you can use the youtube app to upload videos you have taken to your own youtube account . and like i said , you might be able to do this through the browser , but the app is just a way to make it easier . simplification is key .
yes overworking the cpu is what creates the intense heat , this intense heat is detected by the os and shutdowns the phone to protect your hardware . ( a pc works just the same ) .
according to this forum deleting the youtube account resolves it .
yeah , that is by definition – and the reason why you should never move apps to sd if they provide widgets you want to use . sdcard gets mounted after the boot_completed broadcast has been sent . so apps installed on the sdcard are not able to receive this broadcast , and thus cannot provide their services " in advance " . depending on how fast your " homescreen " launches , it might already query the widgets before the mount was able to complete – and thus cannot find the apps installed there ( which explains the " default icons" ) . solution : move those apps back from the sdcard if you need their widgets .
if you want to watch videos that are located on an android phone or tablet , the localcast media 2 chromecast app will stream videos from your device to chromecast . note that not all formats are supported and that the performance depends on the device ( may be slow if old ) and on the wifi connection .
new skype version has excellent video call quality . the official version does not support video on galaxy s yet , though . so you need to install the hacked version ( check here ) . i have been using it on my samsung galaxy s and it rocks .
there are a few different options for video calling . i do not know how many of them will support the options you want , but i will try to specify their uses as best i can . the new version of google talk it supports video calling and handles it well . you have to call from within the app though , i do not believe there is built in platform support for calling from call logs . fring this is a widely used , multi-platform video chat app that has many options , and i know it allows you to remove your self image , group chat , and it pulls from your contact list to give you a list of other fring users . on occasion , it has worked with skype ( mobile-to-desktop ) , but in my experience , this has been spotty . qik the advantage to qik is it is incredible online support . it has been improved greatly since it is introduction to the mobile market . tango this got the last spot because it is personally my least favorite . you can only call to other devices using tango , which i find extremely limiting , but it is the same scenario for qik , so it'll have to be dealt with . it has very positive reactions from users though , so it is worth a look . i hope this helps you get a jump start on finding a solution to what you want . take a test run with one or a few of these and let us know what works best for you !
for #3 , tap the caller image in the log , and select the second shortcut for video call . if i remember correctly , this has been available since froyo ( 2.2 ) , but i am not sure ( running darky 's rom 10.1 , which is 2.3.3 ) .
until google does something about issue 1008 , ( which seems unlikely since it is about five years old now ) you are unlikely to get a better answer , but for what it is worth , this might help someone in a similar situation . at the moment you can not alter the mtu without root access to the device . in linux this operation requires root , so on android you either need to root the device , or google needs to provide system functionality that applications can use to perform the operation ( i.e. . resolve issue 1008 ) . there is an off-market program mtuchanger which can be used on rooted devices to change the mtu . if you can root your device you can sideload this and work around the issue . of course , you should complain bitterly about charter ( and rogers and the dozen or so other isps ) deploying 6rd in 2013 , when the rest of the world is moving past transition technologies and is doing native dual stack . 6rd is essentially isp-private 6to4 tunnelling , which is why the mtu has to be lowered from 1500 . as such , any company that deploys it is eventually going to have to do it again , and do it right .
it is a combination of a pdf and a browser issue . some pdfs work fine while others do not across different browsers . downloading the pdf you mentioned , here are the results using different browsers : chrome : cannot open pdf from notification boat browser : cannot open pdf from notification dolphin : can open pdf from notification downloading a different pdf from another site , here are the results using different browsers : chrome : can open pdf from notification boat browser : can open pdf from notification dolphin : can open pdf from notification update 2013-10-11: according to scott 's findings , this is a pdf issue . the content-type header of the problematic pdf is application/x-download , while the working pdf is application/pdf . if you control the server which is serving these pdfs , you can switch the content-type header to allow it to open in all browsers . php example : in php this was previously broken when sending :  header('Content-Type: application/x-download');  switch this to this header to work :  header('Content-Type: application/pdf'); 
found these instructions to install powermanagerpro into /system/app , just modified them a little . ( note : first install the app into /data/app , like you would any app , and you need a rooted device . ) open a terminal emulator app and execute the following command to copy the application to the sdcard : su cp /data/app/ your . apk /sdcard/ your . apk if you can not find the application in /data/app try /data/apps-private/ . then , un-install your app from the device . execute the following commands in the terminal emulator to remount the /system directory as read/write and to install the application into the /system/app directory : su mount -o remount , rw -t yaffs2 /dev/block/mtdblock3 /system cp /sdcard/ your . apk /system/app if you prefer to use adb from your computer , execute these commands : adb remount adb shell cp /sdcard/ your . apk /system/app
if you do not have root to follow the manual install procedure demizey describes , then the app must be signed with the same key that the rom is signed with ; that is to say , the same key that the existing system apps are signed with . this is a security precaution : otherwise , anyone could write an app that would run with full system access on any device .
there is a repligo reader for android available . . . if you want some alternatives you should take a look at repligo reader alternatives for android
i use " autoit " make script and auto convert ( print ) to pdf .
for cm9: get shell , get root , " setprop net . hostname whateveryouwant " for a temporary change to test . will reset on reboot . to make this change permanent , you will need to add it to build . prop . add it as a new line " net . hostname=newdevicename " and you are set .
warning : messing with your build.prop file can have serious repercussions to your rom . it is a very ' sensitive ' file and can cause unforseen consequences . doing any of the below is done at your own risk . always make a nandroid backup before messing with a rom . i learned this the hard way , do not do what i did ! this should work , though it depends on cm9: download root explorer for your phone . open root explorer , go to /system , and search Build.prop open with text editor search your baseband and device model do not edit anything except baseband , custom rom and device model . reboot look in settings → about edit : here is an alternative method for doing the same using es file explorer . i have not tested this myself , but it has more detail for a beginner . see xda developers forum . edit 2: build . prop editor is an app to modify your build.prop directly . i have not tested this either so use at your own risk . link to source code in the description in the play store .
use this application . do the same things but safe . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.model.phonemodelchangerhl=en
for the most part , sure . i just put my galaxy nexus ( android 4.2.2 ) into airplane mode and tried to compose an email message with speech-to-text . it worked , but it was slo-o-o-o-w . and not as accurate as i would like . if you go into Settings &gt; Language &amp; input &gt; Google voice typing (settings) you can set which languages are downloaded to your device for speech-to-text . english is my default ( and is already downloaded ) but i see about 20 other files i can download . however , whether you can do this or how well it works depends a lot ( i think ) on your device and the version of the os you are running .
had the same problem with text to speech on my galaxy tab gt-p7500 . i resolved the problem by disabling accesability under settings on my device . the accesabilty fuction hinders/allows application to interact with you device . so when i would like to read text and would like to listen to it read out aloud then enables accesability . hope this have helped .
check your settings for Settings -&gt; Accessibility -&gt; Install web scripts and make sure that it is turned off . for jellybean settings > accessibility > vision > " enhance web accessibility " -set to " do not allow " this fixed my issue , guess i should stop playing with 500 settings at one time . also try settings> accessibility> hearing> turn off all sounds checkbox
turn off car mode / driving mode , maybe . perhaps in ics - it is under android 's settings > voice input and output
on a rooted phone with super user terminal client like rom toolbox lite ( from play store ) you can check connected clients using netstat netstat -ntu | grep ESTAB | awk '{print $5}' | cut -d: -f1 | sort | uniq -c | sort -nr  checks on established connections instead of all connections , and displays the connections count for each ip .
actually i bought the motorola defy+ and i am disapointed , as it seems there is synchronization is only possible via google account .
no , there is no setting for the sensitivity . the touchscreen controller already filters the input it gets from the screen itself , so probably you would not be able to filter out the faulty touches without also filtering out real touches . what you describe sounds like a hardware problem . i would recommend giving the screen a wipe with a damp , soapy cloth , then a rinse with a damp cloth , then drying it . it might or might not improve matters , but it is worth a try . if that does not help , you probably need to replace the screen completely .
not a dev , but here 's my best stab at an explanation as i understand it ( assuming i have understood your question ) . hopefully i am not too far off the mark . . . all the ' rooted ' roms i have used manage root access user the superuser application - i.e. when you start an app that wants to run with superuser privileges , the superuser application will prompt the user to grant the ' root ' application these permissions . the superuser application then maintains a white-list of apps that have been granted these permissions . this is the same for console emulators , etc , so you grant access to the console application - you do not need to enter a password within the emulator . i do not think you need to worry about the root password for this . with regards to hidden apis - i do not think they are " hidden " as such , as the android os is open sourced in the first place .
the problem with a rooted android is the same as anything running a *nix os with a root password unset/null . . . . any user can type " su " and gain root level ( superuser/full administrative permissions ) access to the entire system without providing a password . put bluntly , you have a totaly unprotected system . as far as i have been able to find , the closest thing that gets android at least close to proper root protection is busybox that has been compiled with /etc/passwd and /etc/shadow support . but once you get this installed and working correctly , you would need to identify every program that needs root level permission and you would have to change the ownership to root and set the suid bit on the file ( chown {file_name} root:root ; chmod 4755 {file_name} ) . . . . the way the android os is currently designed makes it a single user oriented os that is protected by 1 . not allowing anyone root access and 2 . make all the system critical files read only . for the people that are *nix savy , this sucks . . . for the people that basically have no clue , this protects the system and the other people that your system could negatively impact due to ignorance ( like getting infected with a spam bot installed with root level access on your device because you did not protect the root account with a proper password . . . ) .
root in linux ( or any unix-like system ) is just the user with user id 0 . the su program ( which actually stands for " switch user " , not " super user" ) is just a program to start another program with a different user id than the starting program ( by default to uid 0 , which is to user root ) . android does not use the traditional /etc/passwd , however it still uses linux user id and group id for managing permissions . if you want to intercept su requests so you can ask for password or enforce other rules , you will need to replace /sbin/su with your own version of su . alternative approach is the one described here : http://www.koushikdutta.com/2008/11/fixing-su-security-hole-on-modified.html though that will require applications to cooperate by firing an intent when they want to switch user . android security framework is more or less like this : each installed application runs on its own user id ( selected at installation time ) , and application permissions is implemented as user groups . can i change the root password after rooting my android device by simply typing " passwd " ? android does not use /etc/passwd so it also does not have passwd program . how is the rooting process working ? i mean what is the " one click root " apps doing to my phone ? i am not quire sure with the exact process myself , you probably want to ask to rooting developers . however , my guess is it just reverts the security check that originally prevent developer from setuid 0 . and im a developer , so how can i find hidden apis ( like ios ) for rooted app development ? since android is open source , there is no truly hidden api in android . however , there are some unpublicized or undocumented apis , you can browse for this in android 's source code . however , these apis are not about root developments , they are usually in-development apis that are not ready yet or is too localized for specific purpose that is not useful for public developer ( or perhaps google just have not realized their usefulness yet ) . you are not restricted from using these apis , but since these are not an officially supported apis , they may disappear or break backward compatibilities in the future . if you need to use these apis make sure your app breaks gracefully .
i have been having the same problem . it is my understanding that as of now that is the default text message vibration and can not be changed
enabling gps and using gps are two different things , when you enable the use of gps on the menu/toggle , you are just allowing the use of gps , that dose no mean you acutely using it , when you see in the graph the little blue lines , that means that some application tried/used the gps and get the exact location ( e . g google now ) . starting with android 4.4 you can check which application used the gps and when under the app permission menu .
when the screen is off and no apps are running in the background ( e . g . to check email ) , your device goes into a low-power state called sleep . in this mode , the cpu runs more slowly ( or maybe the main cpu is turned off and a smaller , more efficient one takes over ) to save power . the awake line in the battery chart shows when the device is not asleep : that is , it shows blue when the screen is on or when an app is running in the background . depending on what kind of background apps you use , you might see brief ticks every 15 minutes or every hour , where the device woke up to perform some scheduled task . if there are long blue segments even when the screen is off , then some buggy app is keeping your device awake . you can investigate which with a tool such as greenify or wakelock detector , and if an app is keeping the device awake , you should report this to the developer . the gps on line indicates when the gps receiver is powered on . this happens whenever an app requests a precise location , and it'll show blue regardless of whether the gps receiver has calculated a position or not . a brief tick means the gps was turned on and then turned off as soon as it calculated a position . this is used by google play services ' geofencing functionality , by google location sharing , google now , and other similar apps that do not track you all the time but want to sample your location occasionally .
as was already pointed out in a number of answers as well as in the comments , one does not need to download/install separate usb drivers for your android device ; they are already compiled into the kernel . however , you do have to tell your linux system what device you want it to treat as such ( udev rules in /etc/udev/rules.d/ directory ) . take a look at the android developer site
if you can add an app to a restricted profile , but it will not work in a restricted profile , that is a bug in the app . only the developer of the app can fix it : you should report the problem to them through their official support channel so that they can fix it .
maybe if you reset your phone it forgets them and if you reboot it will do the same . try turning it on in airplane mode and see if it works then . perhaps you could ask other people with a nexus 5 if they are having the same problem , if they are it is definitely a specific error to the nexus 5 and you should complain and maybe the manufacturer can sort it out for you .
i have a note 3 with android 4.4.2 and i had the same issue . after disabling google backup , everything is fine now . i could not retrieve my old backed up wifi networks , though .
it turned out that backing up , reformatting the internal drive and restoring the backup . after doing that , i also copied the internal partitions from another reader and the problem is solved . i suspect that it is the formatting which solved the problem but am not sure . procedure in this forum post .
as izzy said in the comments really your best option is to just buy a new card . they are super cheap especially if you buy online . i just looked on amazon and the cheapest 16 gb sd card i could fine was just over $12.00 us . i am sure you can go to your local electronics store and pick one up for around $20.00 us if you do not want to deal with buying online and shipping and whatnot . but , if you are stingy ( most of us are , lets be honest ! ) , make sure you have migrated all of your apps back to internal storage with appmgr iii . once this is done you can shutdown the phone and remove the sd card . if you want you can create a backup of your sd card just in case you need the data on it in the future . you can just copy and paste all of the files into a folder and then compress it , or you can create a disk image of the drive , whatever is more convenient to you . then turn on your old device with the card not inside of it . go through all of your downloaded apps and see if any of them were relying on data on the card . once you find the apps that need the sd card you can then choose to uninstall and reinstall them , or see if you can transfer the files off of the sd card and then back onto the device and then point the app to the folder . it might take a little bit of screwing around , but perhaps the feeling of having extra cash in your wallet will overcome the frustration of dealing with data migration . good luck !
finding out where it is stored is easy . there is a terrific little app called diskusage that visualizes the space your folders take up . you can easily spot where the music cache is . as for moving to a new rom . based eldarerathis ' answer to your previous question , you should be able to make a backup of play music 's music . db either from a terminal or using an app like titanium backup . restoring this file on the new rom should make cached music show up .
alright , i managed to get it work . i hooked up a octopus usb extension to a micro usb cable on one end , and an usb keyboard on the other end . i booted the phone and then pressed enter , ##pin##code## , enter on the usb keyboard and the device unlocked . this took a few tries as i was going in blindly . then i unplugged the usb cord , then plugged in a micro usb cable that was connected to my computer ( ubuntu 14.04 ) . the phone showed up w/o any problems and i was able to grab files from the on-board storage . one thing i had to do was constantly keep pressing the back button on the device to prevent it from locking . at the end of it all , i successfully extracted 4gb worth of pictures .
though not ( yet ) a solution for the op in this case , i will already start summing up helpful facts from the comments : they might solve comparable issues for others . an update might follow if we find further things . a good starting-point for comparable issues is our data-recovery tag-wiki as well as its most frequented questions , where a solution often can be found already ( see e.g. how do i backup data ( sms/contacts ) from a device with a broken screen ? ) . a search for " broken screen " might also prove helpful . even if the devices differ , approaches should be comparable . a raw idea ( i never tried that myself , so no guarantees at all ) would be switching the device to fastboot mode . even if you might not be able to access your files from that , you could use it to temporarily side-load ( and boot ) some image shipping with adb enabled ( if there is such ) . it might also be possible to access the device with adb when booted into recovery . this very much depends on the recovery image installed ( see e.g. recovery-mode ) . no guarantees for this either – but it is surely worth trying . connecting the device to a tv or the like via mhl/hdmi would at least show the output ( hopefully ) . that way you could also test if it maybe even still accepts touch input . in case touch input is still accepted by the device , you might be able to activate usb-debugging this way , and then access the device via adb – or to install some remote-management software such as airdroid to have an interface for file retrieval and more . if all fails , your hope is a local service center to replace your screen without deleting ( or stealing ; ) your data . or a data-recovery-company ( too expensive , i guess ) .
if you can enter recovery mode manually on vol up + home + power , give it like 20 seconds of pushing all of those buttons . . at least maybe you can hear a sound of booting up . then plug it into your system . run adb and then run " adb pull / dir of you internal memory " command mine should be " adb pull / c:\dcim " &lt ; --default location of my photo
turning it off first . then there is no possible stuff draining energy while it is charging . be sure to charge via ac . charging via usb is much slower . there is a small chance that the charger you have does not draw power as fast as your phone can take it . a charging brick with a slightly higher ma rating might get you some quicker charges , but i think it is unlikely ( especially if you are using the charger that came with the phone ) .
i saw this a few weeks ago which , if genuine , looks pretty good . i am still sceptical however but would be nice to see if it is successful .
use du battery app . by that my phone charges abit quick . i have noticed it alot of times link to the app ( android ) - http://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.dianxinos.dxbshl=en
usually on android phones this is a carrier supplied feature . you can get some visual voicemail app from the play store , or you can move your voicemail from the carrier 's system to google voice , which provides it .
after getting no response from the vendor i returned the device to the store . the replacement did not exhibit this behavior and seems to be working correctly .
this is what i would do myself , and in that order : modify the way you authenticate to the wifi access point . removing temporarily any kind of encryption . if this fix your problem ---> your phone most likely does not handle some advanced kind of wpa2 or something like that . look for an issue in the configuration of the access point itself . look for mac address filtering for example . finally as a last resort , use command line tools like " adb debug on your phone to read what is happening to your wireless driver on the phone .
if you have a phone with low memory ( like the g1 ) and spend your day switching between a couple little applications , then lowering this number will speed up your system and allow more programs to stay loaded up , making switching faster . if you have heavy weight applications ( such as the fb app ! ) that can not get their jobs done inside the limit you set , they will crash and die for no apparent reason until you increase the number enough that they can survive . i usually find this preferable . switching apps on my phone is slower , but the big jobs do not randomly crash .
here 's a great article someone wrote on the effect of changing it , very detailed : http://ryanolson.wordpress.com/2010/07/13/test-how-changing-the-max-amount-of-memory-per-vm-heap-can-effect-your-rom-cyanogen/ in short , with the g1 , it can cause bigger applications to crash . i would just recommend you keep it default or find a value that you do not see any crashes in applications with . as far as anything else goes , in the short period of time searching else where and reading over different posts . could not personally find any other effects , other than possibly battery life .
in addition to the above answers , note that different devices have different defaults . for example , on the motorola xoom the default is 256mb . as a developer , it may be worth testing apps with lower than default settings to make sure they will work on as wide a range of devices as possible . . .
an answer to this question is very implementation specific , and can in fact only be answered for sure by a swiftkey developer , eventually . in general , word suggestions are based on algorithms that are fed by n-gram dictionaries that predict possibilities for the next word you are likely to type . see wikipedia 's n-gram entry to get more insight . 2-gram or 3-gram dictionaries are likely to be used with swiftkey , amongst other techniques . regarding the strange sentence you auto-typed in : this reflects common use of probable 2/3-grams , so blame your fellow users on the poor spelling , it is just what they actually use .
it is due to noise cancellation was on during a call . i turn noise cancellation off now it works fine .
i have been reading that increasing the volume to the max then decreasing it again to minimum seems to work
unfortunately this is a common problem for all xperia j users , including myself . i have installed many recommended apps for moving stuff from internal to external sd card but after doing this , pictures , music , videos etc i have moved cannot be played/viewed meaning you have to move them back in order for them to be viewed/ played again , however adter moving them back my files still did not work . i have not yet come across the answer to solving this problem but i can recommend not downloading apps that move stuff to sd card as they will not work , just clear your cache as much as possible to relieve it of some memory . hope this helps a little bit
this is supported in stock android . settings -> languages and input -> android keyboard ( settings icon ) -> advanced settings -> custom input styles -> add style -> set language and layout then to activate this style , go back to the keyboard settings and go to the input languages and uncheck " use system language " then check the languages you want . :- )
i believe it is possible . choose the layout from settings > language and input and the settings button on the side of the android keyboard . you might also try long-pressing the space bar on the keyboard . this page does mention that jelly bean has in-built support for dvorak .
look under settings > accessibility for talkback or something similar . also check under settings of individual apps - phone/dialer and messaging . finally check to ensure that driving mode has not been recently enabled . that might also be the cause . look under settings > voice input
it could be your provider . in the netherlands , t-mobile has an option ( or at least had , i do not remember seeing it lately ) to scale-down images in their proxy . as all your requests can go trough their " image " proxy at a click of a button ( probably something to do with your apn , most likely server side even ? ) . . . so it might not even have anything to do with android . . it might be , but i do not remember if it was in my case , the web ' n ' walk accelerator there is some google hits on that , though most of them semi-old . on this link some tips on how to fix it with that webnwalk stuff , probably not what you are looking for , but also some hints on how to send an " always reload " message to the proxy . maybe that helps . otherwise you might need to google some on tmobile and proxy/accelerator .
you have to go to Edit contact , then press the menu key , then select Join . this gives you the list of suggested contacts to join . works for me between google contacts and facebook on galaxy s + cyanogenmod 7.1 .
you can use the join feature to merge facebook contacts as well .
if you are only looking to have your contacts ' display images synced with their facebook avatars , i recommend you take a look at the freeware syncmypix - it is a little unwieldy but tends to do the job .
the solution is called reverse tethering , and it can be done with several apps , like connectify . you can find a quick introduction to it here .
restoring factory defaults without deleting any apps or data is a contradiction in terms , as that is exactly what the reset does ( see : factory-reset ) . could it be you just want your app to survive , but do not care about everything else being reset ? that could be done by making the app a system app ( see : system-apps ) , which requires the device to be rooted ( see : rooting , root ) in the first place . apart from that , the answer is " no " . as soon as your customer applies a factory-reset , your app will be removed as well .
you cannot update inbuilt browser even though your phone is rooted . anyway you have some other good alternative browsers in market like dolphin , opera .
i am not sure if the browser can be updated , even with root . the best thing is to root your device and install a better rom , if you are stuck on an old android version and unhappy with the browser .
there is not a specific android os upgrade policy . if it is a nexus device and it can handle the latest version of android it will get the latest version of android from google . other than that it is up to manufacturers to update drivers and their specific customized version of android for their own devices and then it is up to the carriers to approve those updates and release them to users ' phones . apple has only one phone basically and they release updates on what seems to be a yearly basis and update is done via their own service , not restricted by carriers .
no , download mode does not provide you with access to the phone 's files , and yes , the error message you see looks very much like it is telling you you are trying to boot an unsigned rom from a locked bootloader .
on this forum someone mentioned the following : i just called samsung technical support . google voice has a problem with their server in the mean time you can disable voice command under settings - applications - all - voice command click that then click disable . was told the message will stop popping up . tech # 1800-762-7864 i did notice the same problem on my sgs2 yesterday but i have not seen any error messages since yesterday evening so i suspect the issue has been resolved by either samsung or google .
i was getting this error constantly today , so i went to Settings &rarr ; Applications &rarr ; All &rarr ; Voice Command . from there i clicked Force Stop &rarr ; OK then Clear Data &rarr ; OK . then i relaunched the voice command by tapping the microphone button on my google search widget . the voice command worked perfectly , and i have not seen the error message in about an hour .
for now , you can disable voice commands from Settings-&gt;Applications . i am sure it is a samsung server issue .
you can use not official builds ( because no oficial updates ) , like cyanogenmod , but before flashing it , please , read cyanogenmod forums and xda-developers ! flashing new rom will require to delete all your data from phone . and yes , by incorrect actions , you can easily break it .
first , you probably cannot update to android 3 . x as that version was only intended for tablets . second , no android version is linked to a specific phone . but each phone needs specific adaptions due to different hardware elements used , so each android version must be adapted to be usable on the device . third , for " how can i . . . " and " where do i find . . . " and " when is it available . . . " , please check the questions ( and answers ) already dealing with this : how do i update the os on my device ? ( includes links to " when does my device get the android x . y update " for most android versions ) can every android device be updated to the most recent android version ? what is involved in upgrading android to a later version , if the manufacturer no longer supports the device ? and others ( check the " related " and " linked " sections of the questions )
according to this thread google talk will attempt to connect over port 80 if it is other ports are blocked . google talk will work over port 80 . if you are using the official client , it will even switch to trying 80 if the normal port ( 5222 ) is blocked . that said , if your employer is blocking talk . google . com instead of port 5222 , you will probably find yourself up a creek . : ) sounds like your best bet is to stop using their wi-fi and use 3g for connection to google talk .
google talk on the android phone only tries port 5222 and if it fails it will not try port 80 ( as the specification requires ) . but there is another answer : imo ( available on google play ) works over port 80 , so it will work behind a corporate firewall . and it is a really good app .
the problem is , that my android device automatically turns off the 3g connection as soon as wifi is available . why do not you shut off wi-fi ? since you can not control port forwarding or anything at work , there is not much else you can do . although , you could just ask and see whether they had consider opening the google talk ports ( 443/5222/5223 ) .
a lot of corporate networks block the 5xxx ports . i am not entirely sure what google talk uses as i have read 5222 and 5228 . the google talk client for windows falls back to port 443 if the connection using port 5xxx is unsuccessful . however the android client does not do this . it only tries on port 5xxx . unfortunately at the moment the only solution is to contact your corporate it and ask them to allow access using the 5xxx port .
this article explains the differences nicely , and this one claims an incredible increase in speed . if you are a visual learner , youtube is always your best bet . but the general consensus is mainly centered around speed . other perks include tethering , installation of apps to the sd card , and updated flash .
unfortunately this is not something that can not be turned on or off . it is possible that it is a vendor specific thing , you do not say what device you have or if you are rooted or not , so i assume this is the case . i am running a sgs3 with a custom rom on it ( aokp ) and i have just restarted the device and can confirm there was no vibration during the start or stop procedure . however my nexus one with a stock rom did vibrate . a possible fix is to root the device and stick a custom rom on there , but that is quite an extreme fix for the issue .
often fastboot drivers are different from the ones used by recovery mode and/or fully-booted android system . i would recommend re-installing the usb drivers on your pc . you may need to delete existing drivers that windows picked up . full instructions with driver download for nexus 4 here : quote : plug your phone into your computer . go to device manager on your computer and locate your device . it will either be under " android devices " or " other devices " depending whether drivers have been installed or not . right click on your phone and select " uninstall . " in the box that appears , check the option to " delete the driver software for this device . " go back to device manager and refresh . locate your phone and right click to select " update driver software . " manually install the drivers by picking the folder of the files you downloaded . unplug your phone and restart your computer . plug it back in and everything should work . download link : http://www.mediafire.com/?8xb50uktar8096i
unfortunately , there is no possible way to do as you described . i recommend the best thing to do is choose a strong pattern , or use a code instead . smudges show up while moving your finger across your screen and anyone can just hold it up to the light to see the pattern and easily get in .
there is no way i am aware of for doing what you want . but why you need the pin unlock , just remove it from settings and stick with the unlock screen , , in this way you will not have your sim locked
is not there a separate option for the " sim card lock " under the system-settings> > security and screen lock tab ? try unchecking that , or resetting your security settings so that when you set up your new settings , you can leave the sim card lock option unchecked . other than that , there are plenty of alternate launchers with their own versions of the screen-lock mechanism ; i would suggest browse through the app-store and see what is available . **i forgot to ask , what android version are you running ? i am referring to jellybean ( 4.1.2 )
just announced 24 july 2013 is google play games . the play games platform was first announced at google i/o back in may , but until now , there wasn’t a dedicated app ; you could see your achievements and online leaderboards inside your apps , but there was nothing that brought that all together . the play games app changes that . it shows you all of your play games compatible titles , as well as those your friends are playing . and if you don’t yet have any play games friends , the built-in suggestion feature will help you find some . asphalt 8 airborne , riptide gp2 , and prince of persia : the shadow and the flame are just a few of the titles that support google play games , and you’ll find hundreds more in google play . that is not to say that individual developers or partnerships might not aggregate their own games in their own " game center " . for instance mobage , openfeint ( recently killed ) , and the new rovio accounts .
" cell standby " = " background sync " . and if your wifi turns off on screen off , apps will use 3g instead . you might want to check your wifi policy , which is hidden in the " advanced " menu : when in " network and wireless " -> " wifi " , hit the menu button and select " advanced " . here , switch your wifi policy to " always on " -- so it will stay on when the display is switched off , which means no 3g fallback as long as wifi is available . i have read about this issue a couple of times , and many report setting the wifi standby policy as described above largely improves the situation . update : i obviously wrote bullshit here . i left the bullshit in ( but striked it so you can see where i was wrong ) . closer investigation brought me to this : cell standby and how can i keep it from eating my battery ? . so basically my reasoning here was wrong , but luckily the recommendations still match somehow : )
do you have either app moved to the sd card ( using froyo ) ? if yes , then you need to move then back . the apps are not loading when the phone boots , so the phone is reverting to what is currently available on boot ( stock sms/keyboard ) . you have to remember : with cyanogenmod , it will let you move any app to sd card , regardless of whether the app is set to allow you or not . i made a similar mistake with swype .
you can use the same app that i found for my problem to fix yours : custom locale just install it and then select russian as your predefined language and you are good to go mate .
i have added my language using morelocale2 . . language : ta ( tamil ) country : in ( india ) ta_in i am able to add and select my language . but , it is not changing the default language of the device . . still i could it see the things in english . . any suggestions ?
uthark , you can try using morelocale2 , for an easy locale change .
use syncmypix ( appbrain | market ) , it links up contacts with your facebook friends based on names and downloads their profile picture for your contact picture . it might take a few tweaks for incomplete/weird names the first time round but should only take a few minutes . you can set it to run routinely to keep them up to date too !
as far as i know , full facebook integration with pictures with the native app has not yet come to ics . for you to get that kind of integration would need you to hack the contacts source code and add it . additionally , even if they did come , i would guess that the app pull smaller low-res pics designed for 2.3 or lower as ics uses full screen contact tiles instead , your best bet is to use the app friendcaster . it is a fully featured facebook application that also has ics support , facebook integration with contacts and the ability to download high resolution pictures . it works perfectly on my phone running ics 4.0.3
the official facebook app will add pictures to your contacts if you set it to sync your contacts . looks like @dunhamzzz got the syncmypix part in before me , i did not get a message that said that there had been a new answer , though . i do not like that the facebook app removes all the data that it adds to your contacts if you remove the application . to counter the facebook issue , i use an app called syncmypix that can pull your facebook contacts and put the image on your contact on your device . the nice thing about syncmypix , if it does not match a contact , it lets you go through them at the end and say " sync this facebook contact with this android contact " , and it remembers that mapping so the next time you sync , they are " connected "
haxsync will sync facebook ( high res ) photos to your ics device .
in chrome for android , you select " request desktop site " from the menu in the browser . i do not know if your phone ships with chrome as the default browser or something lg have cooked up , so the option might be named differently , but there should be an equivalent . most sites will respect this , but you might find that if a site is redirecting you to push you to a pay service , they have another way of redirecting you anyway .
maybe your smartphone does not support chrome browser . by the way , you can do the thing suggested by @dan hulme with almost every " custom " browser on the play store . opera is a good choice ( you must consider the lightest one ) but firefox , expecially in the last updates , is another good choice . if i remember well , the stock andoird browsers has this option too : try to check in the settings !
pretty much any samsung is going to be susceptible to " sds " ( sudden death syndrome ) because samsung is just " high quality stuffs " . for a point of reference , i am a smartphone data recovery/mod/repair technician , and i see sds and memory errors almost exclusively in samsung devices . the only exceptions were damaged by water .
google maps navigation also provides live traffic information along your route , updated every few minutes . a red/amber/green light in the corner shows if there are any traffic problems anticipated along your route . if there are , you can see where the holdups are and have the option to press to re-route which will find a route avoiding the traffic holdups . source : http://mobile.jack-frost.co.uk/google_maps_navigation_review_uk.php also : http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/android/thread?tid=4f7b34dd18f74b75hl=en ( via : google search for " google navigation amber green light " )
try folder organizer lite . it is an extended version of apps organizer . it lets you not only tag apps , but also bookmarks and contacts . it is free .
i do not think there would be a reliable way to do it automatically , but app manager claims to do this . i group the apps i use on my home screens , so that games are on one screen and apps on another , with related apps in the same row ( e . g . instant messengers ) . you could do something similar . you could also create folders and put your apps in them . i believe app manager can help you do that as well .
there is an app called apps organizer that will let you " tag " applications into groups . you can then put folder widgets on your homescreen of each of these " tags " to stay organized . i have used it before , it works well if you keep your tags up to date .
i do not think there is a way to " tag " apps but apparently you can ( see bryan 's answer ) . the rest of my original answer : you can create folders on the home screen , label it " games " or " notes " and put shortcuts to apps in there . to do this long press on the home screen select " folders " , then " add folders " , then " new folder " ( steps may be slightly different on your phone ) . once the folder is on your home screen you can then drag an app on top of it to add it to the folder . to rename the folder : open the folder and then long press on the title bar of the folder at the top - after a few seconds a dialog will pop up to allow you to rename your folder . hope this helps edit - i was in the process of editing my answer to include what matthew said about grouping apps on different home screens - but he beat me to it : ) . i use this method for games where i have all my games on one home screen .
in case if your phone is from htc ( and has htc sense launcher ) you may add a folder on any page , like " todo " , " games " , " internet " , " new apps " , etc . i use this approach in my case , and i add every new application to the " new apps " folder just after install .
i would suggest taghome launcher ( freeware ) it is quite easy to use : you can create as many tags as you want and assign ( zero or more of ) these tags to applications ; all new apps are falling into " no tags " category and are easy to spot and assign tags to . the launcher is not flashy , but it is quite fast ; i have tried several top rated ones before choosing taghome
adw launcher lets you group apps in the app drawer . i have a group setup for games and an icon on my home screen that shows that group .
i just tried with my archos 70 and alarm clock plus v2 and it did not seem to work at first but when i played with the headphone-jack and pulled it out about half a millimeter and it worked . this would seem to be a problem with the jack , but it works just fine when playing videos or music . i think the issue might be that the alarm clock apps are sending the audio out on just one channel and it is not getting picked up for some reason by the stereo speakers . i remember i used to have a similar problem with my old walkman and certain headphones and i would have to pull the jack out just a little bit . i know theory does not make complete sense because it still should work just out of one speaker but it is something i have noticed about 3.5" headphone jacks for years and can not explain it . also , if you do not want to mess around with playing with the depth of the jack or trying a mono speaker , you could set the alarm clock plus to launch pandora which would probably play just fine over the stereo speakers .
it happens to my dellxcd too . i think u cant use both bluetooth and wifi in xcd at same time .
there is an application in google play named blade wifi fix ; it will solve your problem .
these apps really work . there are lot of apps that i have used to reduce eye strains such as lux auto brightness , darker pro , juice defender ' s brightness settings , etc .
there is an app here that allows you to do that according to the description ( along with many more things ) : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.androidlosthl=en if you want to code your own application then you will want to check out this intent and the two intents below it ( action_battery_low , action_battery_okay ) : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/content/intent.html#action_battery_changed and this class which has what the intent contains : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/os/batterymanager.html you could have your application pick up the action_battery_low intent and then send a message to you warning you about the status . i am assuming you have done some android development before , if not then get the basics down before coming back and trying to code your battery app .
i see your device has a snapdragon chip . check to see if you have partitions that you can actually read by typing su ls /dev/block/platform/msm_sdcc.1/by-name/  if you see something called recovery there , then you are in luck . su dd if=/sdcard/part_13_cwm_9_22_17_32.bin of=/dev/block/platform/msm_sdcc.1/by-name/recovery  if it is not there , then you must try the one in the cwm thread again . i have never heard of a device-specific nonexistent partition before , so perhaps you just typed it wrong or you forgot to su . i apologize if this is not of any help .
in adb shell issue the following command : dumpsys package packages  this gives you all the information about installed packages , including the version number . you can then play around with grep utility to narrow down the results to only the lines you need : dumpsys package packages | grep -E 'Package \[|versionName'  the above returns something similar to this :
i use this app from google play : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=cz.ox.applisthl=en description : write down all installed applications into the text or html file and save it on memory card into the installedapps directory . in default , it creats log after each installed/uninstalled application . check setup button in application for more settings . basic php script for auto upload you can find at http://www.2ox.cz/applist/ i am not author of this app .
i have n7 too . i never heard or read about anything like this . it can be faulty battery or charging circuit , but it can be just sw problem . first , please , add some important details to your question : did you use original charger ? did you use original usb cable ? did you use original dock ? what android version do you have ? do you have this version out of box from the first day ( from factory ) or did you get it as ota update or did you update it yourself ? how many apps do you have installed ? do you use any task killer ? did you try reset to factory defaults ?
no , this is not possible . in order for your device to be in debug mode/ connect to the computer with the debug cable , it needs to be connected as a slave device . the otg cable tells the tablet to go into host mode . so now your computer is telling your tablet to be a slave but through the enumeration with the otg cable the tablet believes it needs to be the master , there is a quarrel and it appears the tablet wins and is the master and thus your computer does not acknowledge the tablets existence . if you need the debugging tools have you looked into adv wireless debugging ? ( sorry i can not find the link right now but i have used it in the past and know it is somewhere on the developer . android . com site ) i could not find the link so i figured out how to do it again : 1 ) open the command prompt and navigate to your sdk/platform-tools/ folder . 2 ) type adb tcpip 5555 3 ) type adb connect &lt;your device ip address&gt;:5555 4 ) at this point you unplug your device and type adb logcat 5 ) at times , such as unplugging/plugging into a usb device , the logcat will become disconnected , just redo steps 3 and 4 .
try booting into recovery and backup there if you have an option . if not , then wipe it there or with the key combination : volume up+home+power source : www.phonetipsandtricks.com/tips/sony-xperia-u/hard-reset-factory-reset-14/
i made a ( free ) app that shows scanned codes on webpage , allowing easy copy , updated real-time . web barcode
bluetooth barcode scanner wifi barcode scanner
i use kinoni barcode reader pro . a lot of other " send barcode to pc " apps require you to manually setup and configure the server part on your the pc ( mostly vnc ) that receives the barcode . with this one , you just install the app , download their pc setup program and make sure that your phone is connected to the same network as your pc . that is it . although it costs 5€ , you are done in no time and it simply works .
easy to do : open the camera app in the upper left you see a " gear " icon . tapping it opens a drop-down . do so . scroll a little down . the third-to-last item reads " storage " ( has a sdcard icon ) . tap it . in the new overlay , select your wanted storage from " sdcard " or " internal storage " done : )
while in your web browser , press and hold the return button on the lower right side of your phone . then at the top of the page select saved pages
tap ［internet］ icon , tap ［☆］on top right corner , tap ［saved pages］ on top right corner . done .
going on a plane or in a no coverage area doesn’t mean you can’t access your favourite videos and documents . in order to have access to offline content , go to the website of your choice using the browser , hit the “option” button , tap " save for offline reading " . once you have turned off your wireless and 3g connection , go back to the browser and hit the star icon next to the address line . tap “saved pages” and it will pop up with a list which will allow you to access the sites without internet access .
tap the flag with the star at the top right of the browser and click on the saved pages tab .
where to find it when it was downloaded if you have been able to " download " the file , the most likely location to find it is either /sdcard/download or /sdcard/downloads . it was not downloaded , but " saved for offline reading " but as it turns out , the stock browser did not give you that option , and you had to " save for offline reading " -- which is something different . in this case the file probably is stored on internal storage ( below /data/data/com.android.browser ) . without root you have got not many chances to access it there . so you could either try with a different browser -- or simply copy-paste the text file into some note-taking app / editor ( e . g . jota text editor or amblelink notepad basic ed . ) . alternative download options if you have to do this more often , or formatting gets lost on copy-paste , you are probably much better of with some " downloader tools " . i just know about tasker , which offers HTTP_GET actions . depending on your rom , the shell might provide wget ( stock rom on my milestone 2 had this ) , so all you need in that case is a terminal app ( e . g . android terminal emulator ) , and there simply execute # change to the directory where you want to store the downloaded file in cd /sdcard/download # get the file wget http://www.example.com/textfile.txt  adjust that to your needs , of course : ) special downloader apps other alternatives would include special " downloader apps " , like e.g. download all files or easy downloader , which you might want to give a try .
you would need to install a custom launcher . a launcher is the application that you use to launch other applications . it is both the home screen ( view with wallpaper ) and launcher draw ( "launchpad" ) . with android you can install different launchers via the play store to suit your own needs . for example appdrawer ( miui app drawer ) might be what you are looking for .
go to your wifi settings disable scanning always available then turn off and turn on the wifi
can you do it ? yes you can , how hard or time consuming is it going to be ? a lot of time for sure . sure you can go ahead ! many people run custom roms or build their own roms from aosp on their android devices . you can either search for compatiable custom roms for your device else go pull a branch of aosp and build on it !
this would be possible if your rooted your phone and wrote an installed a new kernel usb driver which made it look like a supported network adapter . needless to say that would be a project requiring quite a bit of expertise and effort - it is probably going to be cheaper to get a supported adapter , and not tie up your phone in the process .
this will almost certainly be impossible . your xbox does not have usb drivers for your android phone .
i installed next 2 ota updates and got my trace keyboard back . the first one was a small 10mb os update which was still android 4.1.1 but software number as 2.22.720.7 . this required booting after upgrade . the next was a htc sense update which required no booting and got me my trace keyboard back . the stupid power saver notification which came with the jelly bean update is still not gone but trace keyboard back is good enough . never going to update the os again on this phone ! ! !
what is your android version ? when you highlight the text , just click the highlighted text to copy it . then you can paste it by long clicking on a text input field . on android 3+ the system changed , and you now copy and paste using the bar that appears when you long press on some text .
you already figured it out : when you write an android app , you can do operations which requires permissions . the complete list is the link you have given : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/manifest.permission.html . most of the permissions listed are very explicit for developpers , but for the user , some can sound mysterious . to take your example , the read_phone_state permission is mostly used to have access to the phone id . it allows developpers to know how many users ( phones ) they have . but this permissions also let us know if you are receiving a call or not to react in consequence ( if it is a music application : reduce the volume ) , and things like that . but , for 2 different android apps , you can see the same permissions with 2 different uses of it . for large permission as write_external_storage ( to write on sd card ) , one can just write its settings files , the other can put a malware script on it . . . the only way to know exactly what an app does with the permissions , is to see the code . but , in most case , if it is a non-open-source app , you can not . . . i hope i answer your question . if not , i will try to give details with your more precise question . regards
the best resource i found so far : http://techpp.com/2010/07/30/android-apps-permissions-secure-private-data/
well occasionally when you update firmware , your router at home will have problems with the new firmware on your phone ( due to out-of-date drivers , old firmware on the router , router is unsupported by new firmware , etc . ) so if it works everywhere else pretty well , this might be your issue . my recommendation : try downloading a different kernel ( there are plenty out there for the s2 ) , your best bet looking on the xda-forums , maybe start here ? http://forum.xda-developers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=665
i have a motorola droid and i plug in a fm transmitter into the headphone jack and my mic still works ( because i use this to make calls while driving ) . does the aux cable also have a mic on it ? if so , maybe that is overriding the phone 's mic input .
found this page while trying to solve the same problem on my nexus 5 . here is the succinct answer that worked for me : you need root and to install an app called sd maid ( play store link ) , run it is " corpsefinder " function , remove the corpses , and reboot . force closes and 960 errors stopped for me after doing this . i elaborate more here on this thread on androidforums.com. hope this helps !
there is a guide posted on t-mobile for people with samsung phones that already include this feature to sync sms messages between phones using the microsoft exchange server , live or hotmail account . i will outline the steps here for archiving purposes . link to guide : http://support.t-mobile.com/docs/doc-7313 android 4.1 and higher open email . press menu . touch settings . touch the exchange email address . touch more ( this many not be available in all devices ) . select ( turn on ) or clear ( turn off ) the check box for sms sync . android 1.5 - 4.0 from the device settings menu , touch accounts and sync . touch your exchange email account . select ( turn on ) or clear ( turn off ) the check box for sync sms or sync text . note : for this feature to work , your exchange server must support it .
i noticed an application on the android store called " mysms " that seems to sync between phone , tablet , and pc/mac . maybe this is the solution to your problem . downloadable from : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mysms.android.smshl=en the same company also has a premium service for 2 phone syncing - which has the same features as above but specifically for sycning 2 phones together . since the other app does not require a premium ( paid ) service , its worth trying to see if that does the job for free . if not , then it might be worth trying out their second app . this is the premium version for 2 phones : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mysms.android.mirrorhl=en hope this helps .
do you mean where is the wpa_supplicant . conf file ? if so , you will need root access as it is in : /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf 
seems the only way to do it was to open up the document through the browser , selecting desktop mode . then " view spreadsheet mode " right at the bottom . then it'll load it up like it would if you loaded it from a computer . then you can select file -> email as attachment . bit of a crappy process . . .
the android emulator does not currently support this , unfortunately . there is a configuration file in the build system that determines whether or not to enable the user accounts feature , and it is disabled in the emulator images distributed by google . you can star this issue on the bug tracker in the meantime . however there are two alternatives you can look at : you can alter the configuration file and build a new emulator image from the aosp source and use that in place of the system image that the avd uses by default . the file in question is in /frameworks/base/core/res/res/values/config.xml within the android source . there should be an option named config_multiuserMaximumUsers which needs to be set to a value greater than 1 . you can try the jar of beans emulator package . it has experimental support for multiple user accounts . note , however , that this is an x86 emulator , not an arm one .
no . the app drawer is part of the same app as the home screen itself : the launcher app . you can only replace both of them at once . some launchers do not even have a separate app drawer : the list of apps is a seamless part of the home screen itself .
the first thing i usually do when i experience this kind of problem is i uncheck the one having problems syncing ( contacts , calendar , etc . ) and then check it again . this should initiate a new sync and possibly fix the problem . if it does not fix it , try clearing the data for contacts app ( settings> applications> manage applications ) and then sync again . if it is still not fixed try removing the account that experiences this problem and then re-add it . it also can be on google 's end , so sometimes it can fix itself , just wait a few days . and if nothing of that helps , try by another factory reset . good luck !
try removing the account permissions for the device from your google dashboard - https://security.google.com/settings/security/permissions .
complete android guide is a pretty good introduction/starting point for free on the website , available as an ebook or an app on the market . http://completeandroidguide.com/
i do not know about a manual ( i never found one ) but . . . how to close programs . you do not . i mean , if you want to stop running applications , that is under Settings &gt; Applications but otherwise , you mostly do not . how to switch between open programs . are they even open still ? if you long press the " home " key you can move between the last few applications you had open . how to properly shut the device down . when you hold the power key for a few seconds , you should get a few different options , depending on your os version . powering off is definitely one of those options . that is the best way to shut it down . what version it is . how to upgrade . or should i ? find the os version under Settings &gt; About phone ( should show a kernel version and a build number . i am pretty sure you can not upgrade without rooting it , but there are some good insights on rooting your phone right here ( and no one definitive answer , for better or for worse . ) how do i root my device ? when to use the sd card , when to use the internal flash drive for storage . that is a good question , one worth asking / looking for answers to here . what tasks it is capable of doing . google does have some good general material on this one . what its limitations are . . there is no good answer to that one , unfortunately . what not to do so that i do not break it . do not throw it from high buildings . . .
google do actually publish android manuals for each major version , unfortunately they do hide them fairly well . your phone 's manufacturer and/or your network/carrier may also publish manuals for your phone that will include the major changes they have made from the base android ( for example a lot of manufacturers customize or replace a lot of the android ui with their own version , such as htc 's sense , or samsung 's touchwiz interface , they may also modify/replace default apps to work better with their hardware or interface , the camera app is often one of these ) . in your case it sounds like the manufacturer unfortunately probably does not have an english language manual , on the plus side they probably have not done much customization to the base android experience . google 's android manuals : android 2.2 ( aka froyo ) android 2.3 ( aka gingerbread ) android 3 ( aka honeycomb ) tablets only , not available for phones android 4.0 ( aka ice cream sandwich ) actually a galaxy nexus manual , but as that device is pretty much pure ics , it should be ok
do you mean with an external keyboard or the on-screen keyboard ? with the on-screen keyboard , usually the &lt;Enter&gt; key turns into a &lt;Next&gt; key ( looks like a right arrow ) when there is another field after the current one . at least , this seems to be how most apps on android work . sometimes it does not change functionality ; this happens most often in web forms where the enter key is a valid input .
if you have swype , all you need to do is long press the space bar . alternatively , you can download hacker 's keyboard from the play store . it has TAB/CTRL/ESC/ARROW keys etc
all you need is the titaniumbackup folder on the sd card . this contains all your backup information . make sure to have the Auto-sync TB settings preference checked . titanium backup , ironically , will not back itself up when running a backup . this check-box ensures that your settings for the app are saved as well ( such as schedules and preferences ) . you can also create an update . zip file which can be used to install tb in the recovery : go to the menu , click more , then scroll down until you see Create "update.zip" . this particular file will not be stored in the titaniumbackup folder , but rather on the root of your sd card . after you wipe everything , just copy the titaniumbackup folder back onto the sd card , install your rom , and install tb ( either from google play or from the update . zip file if you created it ) . it should automatically pick up all its old settings and be ready to restore your apps .
sadly no , there is not a way to revoke permissions from apps at this time . i would recommend leaving a review on the market complaining about this , or trying to find the developer 's contact information .
if you have a rooted phone , you can use an app such as permissions denied to deny individual permissions to apps . keep in mind that doing so may break application functionality that depends on the denied permission , and if the application is not especially well written , cause it to crash .
in short , no , you cannot , write a review on the said app 's entry on the play store , and email the developer in question to get that to be made optional via settings within the app itself . if the developer refuses to budge or dismiss the feedback , best to look for an alternative out there .
as i noted in a comment , one thing to be aware of is that ( typically ) the order of the partitions matters . android basically only looks at the first partition in the table , so you need to make sure the fat one is first on the disk and the ext2/3/4 one is second . otherwise android will see the ext partition and will not know what to do with it .
i did not see this issue on a custom rom - is it an issue with the stock samsung rom ? i would suggest you find out - and if you really want to get rid of it , install a custom rom onto your phone after rooting - i find sapir 's cm10 rom to work well , and i do not see this issue . please check http://forum.xda-developers.com for more info on rooting and installing custom rom 's to your device .
i have developed an app called soundabout that you could try . it helps a lot of audio issues such as this .
your pictures should be stored on your sd card , so just take it out and get the pictures with a pc .
i do not know if it is the same on your phone , but on my blade i can just mount /sdcard ( or maybe /emmc in your case ) and then " mount usb storage " in the mount and storage menu .
/emmc is basically ok and accessible if you can ' mount ' it . you already have a working cwm installed which comes with adb enabled . this gives you some options . boot to cwm recovery and mount your partition in the ' mounts and storage ' section . it is now accessible internally and you can use the adb tool ( adb stands for ' android debug bridge ' , it is usually used to develop and debug things ) to pull data off the device : a windows tool ( sadly discontinued ) : http://code.google.com/p/adb-file-explorer/ by commandline : adb pull /path/to/folder or adb pull / to pull all currently mounted data partitions another gui : http://sourceforge.net/projects/adbbrowser/?source=recommended ps : i prefer the command line adb tool ( 2nd solution ) . i have little experience with the gui tools . but generally they should work as well . here 's how i usually do it ( using only the commandline ) : <code> me@workstation:~$ adb shell ~ # mount rootfs on / type rootfs ( rw ) tmpfs on /dev type tmpfs ( rw , nosuid , relatime , mode=755 ) devpts on /dev/pts type devpts ( rw , relatime , mode=600 ) proc on /proc type proc ( rw , relatime ) sysfs on /sys type sysfs ( rw , relatime ) /dev/block/mtdblock4 on /cache type yaffs2 ( rw , nodev , noatime , nodiratime ) ~ # mount /sdcard ~ # exit me@workstation:~$ cd /tmp/ me@workstation:/tmp$ mkdir htc_sdcard me@workstation:/tmp$ adb pull /sdcard/dcim/100msdcf/ htc_sdcard/dcim pull : building file list . . . pull : /sdcard/dcim/100msdcf/dsc00110.jpg -&gt ; htc_sdcard/dcim/dsc00110.jpg pull : /sdcard/dcim/100msdcf/dsc00114.jpg -&gt ; htc_sdcard/dcim/dsc00114.jpg [ . . . ] </code>
now the rbi has given instruction to all banks to make changes in the server to give the transaction password while doing net purchase . there is no option in google wallet to put transaction password .
you could use k-9 mail as your client and after configuring your account long-press it , select Account settings -&gt; Fetching mail -&gt; When I delete a message and set it to Do not delete on server or Mark as read on server , whichever suits you better .
some app might be triggering the phone to wake up . did you check if there any app holding screen wakelock with wakelock detector ? play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.uzumapps.wakelockdetector
if your phone still has power , you can install and start androidlost remotely .
if you know the imei of the phone it could be possible to track it and find it . the problem is that network operators are very unlikely to do this without a police order , and the police does not seems to like hunting lost phones very much ( unless you are an important person or politician ) . i read about a stolen mac case when the police did not make too much effort for recovering it even after the real owner bought them photos of the stealer . so , unfortunately , there are not big chances to get your phone back . . .
if you removed the micro sd card from a device ( any device ) while it was still in use , this can cause filesystem corruption . this can often be repaired by connecting it to a card reader on your pc and using a disk scanning tool ( e . g . scandisk on windows ) .
fast reboot will get the job done for you . whenever you want to play your game , just launch fast reboot and then launch your game . it will free up some extra ram without interfering with anything critical , and it is much easier than a script . do not worry about restarting the apps , because as t0mm said , they will almost immediately restart themselves . ( you can launch fast reboot twice to see this ) this solution will solve your needs without having to pay for tasker . although , i do recommend that app- it can do anything .
you can use an tasker to kill apps when you launch your game . and you are also able to do the opposite , when your game gets closed , tasker can initialize other apps . you may use the trial version to test this , but i believe that better results can only be achieved with root . tasker tasker by crafty apps available from google play store ( 4,49€ ) from their website you have a free 14-day trial download .
in order to start in game mode , i thing you can use the following commands pm enable package_name  and pm disable package_name  then you should restart some application services like whatsapp in order to restart checking automatically ( not sure if they will automatically restart services since package has been disabled ) to do that you can use am command , but not sure what where will be the best arguments . you can use the logcat command , to debug what intents are being launched . if you only kill the application it automatically will restart few seconds . in smanager , at this moment it is not possible execute script after app has finished . but it could be a new feature . you also should kill smanager in the las line of the script . killall os.tools.scriptmanager 
there is an infrared/red-light sensor near your camera that detects whether the phone is in a pocket or bag . online consensus is that depending on your phone manufacturer , there are varying degrees of success to how well it works .
i only can speculate about the answer how the droid bionic actually implements this " in-pocket detection " . most androids that have a light sensor , ( which sometimes acts also simple proximity sensor ) use this as sign that you either doing a call without a headset or that you have put your device into the pocket . it is also imaginable that android uses the information from the 3-axis accelerometer and/or the 3-axis gyroscope to detect in-pocket situations . but i do not think that this is actually done , because these sensors use quite a amount of power when in use . for an example datasheet of an android light/proxmity sensor , see the sfh 7743 from the motorola droid . it detects ir-light around 900nm . it seems that some androids have separated light and proximity sensors , while others abuse the light-sensor as simple proximity sensor ( e . g . samsung galaxy s ) .
proximity sensor .
i think it is possible . but you need to port the sourcecode to support 2.3.6 api . you need install google api add on and follow the steps posted in android development page http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/connectivity/usb/accessory.html i think the sourcecode could be found in ftdi webpage .
according to several sources ( including a.o. technipages and androidcentral ) the cause of this problem is lacking space in your device 's internal memory , which must have at least 25mb free space left . t-mobile 's support pages have a detailed instruction on how to solve the issue . though for some steps it was not clear to me what android version ( and what menu option ) they were referring to , as a basic abstract the most important points include : remove apps you no longer need this is the fastest solution , as it will certainly reclaim larger amounts of space per single step . to do so , you can e.g. use androids default app manager : go to settings &rarr ; applications &rarr ; manage applications , select the downloaded tab ( you only can remove apps you downloaded yourself ) , check which apps you no longer need , tap their entry , and hit the uninstall ( or remove ) button . in case this is grayed out , you might need to force stop the app first . move apps to your sd card this option is available with android 2.2 and higher , but does not work with all apps . in short , apps must actively support this -- and must not provide widgets and some other things in order to be moved to sd card . the built-in " mover " only permits you to move apps applying to these rules . cleaning up caches you can do so manually going to settings &rarr ; applications &rarr ; manage applications , select " all " ( not just " downloaded " ) , tap each app , and select the clear cache button . clear history this is for your call-logs etc . i doubt this reclaims lots of space . having followed these essential steps ( which i placed in the order of " most effective first" ) , your problem should be gone .
i can not specifically answer your question , however , what i have found bt paring my nexus 7 ( jb 4.2 ) to my ( rooted ) motorola defy phone ( froyo 2.2.2 ) , using standard setup panels , is similar . that is , it works the first time . on subsequent attempts , i see a ' connecting . . ' message then the bt paring/connection panel quickly returns to ' waiting for user input ' with no connection . in order to ' fix ' it i have to reboot the motorola ( phone ) .
it should be because google market thinks the apps are not supported by your device . you can go to online android market and try installing the app that is not displayed . it should say that your device ( nook ) is not supported for that app .
as noted in the comments , this appears to be the answer : the reason is because of pixel density . changing it from 161 to 160 works . – diesel this is discussed on the cyanogenmod forums here ( along with many other threads ) . it also appears that newer versions of cyanogenmod automatically set the pixel density to 160 for you . your rom 's density value should be in the /system/build.prop file ( look for an entry about " lcd density " . it can be modified manually or with one of several apps .
the data backed up using " back up my data to google 's servers " are not user-accessible . each app has access to its own backup data . that is the only access available without hacking into the backup service . this is a deliberate design decision . android protects app data from being seen or modified by users or other apps , making it easier for apps to rely on the integrity of their data . ( that is , unless you have root , in which case you are on your own . ) allowing users to intercept and maybe modify the backup data would defeat that protection , making it harder to write robust apps and harder for apps to restrict how you use their data ( e . g . for movie rental apps ) . you can learn more by reading my detailed answer about google backup and how you can interact with it .
there are two ways you can remove the ted videos in bulk : go to the path /sdcard/Android/data/com.ted.android/files/ using your file manager in android . delete all the videos directly from there . in your ted app , go to My Talks menu and then tap the vertical dotted icon at the right-top corner which will popup a dropdown menu . you should tap the Remove Items option which will show x at the left of each of the downloaded videos that you want to remove . hope it helps .
i have found the solution . while on My Talks tab , press/tap options button to bring menu . from this menu , tap Remove Items which would allow you to selectively remove downloaded videos .
on the My Talks tab , tap/press options button ( you can tap the overflow menu in the top right corner if you are on tablet ) . there is a Remove Items in menu . that should do the trick . it puts an x on all the videos and i am assuming a tap on that will delete them . i have not done this , because i have not gotten around to watching them yet .
it seems to me that you could get there by having tasker either directly set the system variables necessary to overclock or to access the commands that setcpu uses . to do that you can use the " execute " plugin that executes commands like you would in the terminal emulator . a lot of this is over my head but you probably understand terminal commands and such better and may be able to make sense of my ramblings : install the locale execute plugin create a new profile for when you run psx4droid add a task to set the cpu add an action and choose plugin/execute execute the command necessary to reset ( overclock ) the cpu . here 's a link to explain how to format the commands . unfortunately i do not know what command does this . theoretically , when you open psx4droid it should run that profile you created , changing the cpu settings .
try this thread on xda tasker cpu control profiles
i just did it cant believe . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . i find a command on a website where i just place my mmcblk number that i known via paragon exfat , ntfs and hfs+ . apk app and run this command as a super user " mkfs . vfat /dev/block/mmcblk0p33 " and now i got my internal storage back on my phone .
it is possible . i found some instructions here that partially apply : http://androidandme.com/2009/08/news/how-to-manually-partition-your-sd-card-for-android-apps2sd/ do take care , if you do not understand commands well , dont try this out . the difference is that you just want one partition in fat32 . mkpartfs primary fat32 0 [last MB] # where last mb is visible using parted /dev/block/mmcblkXXXXXXXX . also the article is about an sdcard . i would recommend checking carefully if you have the right block level device before issuing any partitioning commands ! when using the appropriate block level device , little can go wrong , as you currently have no access at all . [ edit ] personally , i would try to install a new recovery using fastboot , and then use that recovery to format your internal storage . a lot easier and safer imo .
you should be able to use either locale or tasker to setup a condition ( i.e. . , at 2 am ) to do something ( turn volume down , stop media player , or turn off wifi or other services ) . but as far as i know , neither program will let you shut down your phone .
you could try switching your router temporarily to 802.11n-only mode and see if the tablet still connects . if the tablet does not connect , it does not support it .
in order to avoid any possibility of data loss if something goes really wrong ( never happened to me , but . . . ) you should backup : installed applications , if you do not want to install all of the installed applications in case of failure . sent and received sms , mms photos and videos if you stored it in the main memory ( not common ) contacts ( only if not synchronized with a gmail account ) . emails ( only if not synchronized with a gmail account ) . calendar ( only if not synchronized with a gmail account ) . basically if you want to be sure that nothing can go wrong , you need to backup all your data and configuration . there are apps to do this , like titanium backup
jumping between roms in the same development series is usually safe without backing up or wiping the data partition ( although the cache and dalvik cache should always be wiped ) , unless the installation instructions specifically tell you to wipe the data partition ( which seems unlikely in this case ; if such a drastic change were needed , it should not be a release candidate any more ) . i would nevertheless back everything up just in case , both application backup like titanium backup and nandroid backup from the recovery partition , but then i am paranoid like that . jumping to a different series ( say , cm6 to cm7 , or cm to aosp ) you should always back up everything and wipe everything .
try settings > applications > manage applications . all > network location > clear data .
other users have also reported that this feature has disappeared . one alternative would be to use sms scheduler , or go sms pro ( my fave sms app ) .
check out pvll . the app lets you schedule texts in the future . it also has an automatic delay of 5 seconds before sending , called the "5 second rule " , so that i can cancel any errant texts that i send . . works for me . and there is a sharing layer on top of sms that lets you share your conversations easier . i use it instead of taking screenshots or cut and paste .
i have not attempted this myself , but here are the steps that i found and seems pretty close to how i rooted my samsung galaxy s . i am not responsible for any issues that arise from following these steps , including , but not limited to your device spontaneously bursting in to flames . i suggest you do additional research and see what others say about using the tools below and read everything twice before doing it . and follow the instructions step-by-step . the firsts step is to make sure that you have kies installed on your computer . now download superoneclick root app from here and save it on your desktop . once this is done , turn your samsung galaxy tab on and connect it with your computer . make sure that you have usb debugging mode disabled and sync with kies . now disconnect galaxy tab from computer and enable usb debugging mode . you can enable the usb debugging mode by settings> applications> development> usb debugging . now reconnect your tab again to your pc and tap the home button so that your tab loses sync connection with kies . once done , launch superoneclick . exe and click on root . please wait for 5 to 10 minutes while the application roots your galaxy tab .
if you are planning to use kies to connect to the device , usb debugging must be off and the phone 's usb mode must be set to samsung kies , otherwise kies will not detect the phone .
never even considered this until your question , but here 's what i have got working pretty well -- droid vnc server from the market . fairly quick refresh ( as fast as i am used to on vnc ) , better than the sdk screencast or droid explorer . even has http server support built in -- in fact , i have not tested yet with a desktop client , but the http/java client works well enough .
yes , rooting is usually ( but not always ) required . the following are some options : android screencast : probably one of the more easier and popular sol'n google code project " android vnc " . have to search for it , i can only post 1 link at a time right now . . . droid explorer : app from marketplace android vnc server : a guide that uses a different apk from either sol'n above try them out and see which one gives you the best options .
maybe you should give the android-notifier over at googlecode a try when using a mac or linux . the android-desktop-notifier works fine when using windows .
one really easy solution platform free that work over bluetooth wifi usb tethering and also wifi , is simply airdroid . it allow lots of thing and is very convenient .
maxs ( modular android xmpp suite ) allows remote connections to your android device over xmpp . it allows you to control various aspects of android , includes a sms/call/battery notification and reply system . additionaly it is able to send and receive files to and from your android device . there are many other features too . using xmpp as transport , the " desktop app " can be every xmpp client . which is one of the big advantages of maxs , as it does not need a dedicated desktop app . although there may be one in the future . note : according to the faq i have to disclose that i am involved into maxs . maxs is an open source gplv3 licensed android app . everyone can contribute .
picme works surprisingly well as an alternative to vnc . i recommend using it over wifi , though . ( as opposed to 3g ) http://www.appbrain.com/app/com.bw.picme
gtalksms ( google code project page ) is a alternative for android-notifier which works over xmpp ( gtalk , jabber ) . it allows you to control various aspects of android , includes a sms/call/battery notification and reply system . additionaly it is able to send and receive files to and from your android device . there are many other features too . using xmpp as transport , the " desktop app " can be every xmpp client . which is one of gtalksms big advantages , as it does not need a dedicated desktop app . note : according to the faq i have to disclose that i am involved in gtalksms . gtalksms is an open source gpl licensed android app . everyone can contribute .
i suggest you to format the internal memory since it will not clean the rom memory , just the place where your personal files , applications and other stuff like this are stored . then flash the rom again . this might solve your problem .
alright , on the forum thread of that specific cusom rom ( linked in question ) , someone said that he re-formatted through windows with fat32 as type . so i tried this as well . while the device was on , i plugged in the usb cable , and put it into lock . then , as usual , the drives showed up in windows ( sd and internal that is ) , and it forced me to format the internal drive in order to acess it . pressed ok , then formatted with fat32 . after format , i did not even pull the device off the lock , i just quickly pressed the reset button on the back . then flashed it , and turned it on . it works perfectly ! now i have android 2.1 instead of that less-worthy 1.5 build ! thank you to everyone who proceded help : )
yes ! it helps to talk about " android the platform " and " android the os " android the operating system : this is linux . it runs the linux kernel so it very much is linux . the standard libraries are a little different and you as a user or developer of an android app wont have anything to do with this " linuxey " side of things* . android the platform : this is a java-based-desktop platform that you can write applications for . it uses the dalvik** vm to run specially packaged java jar files containing your code . this is the part of the android phone you see and interact with every day* *unless you root your device . then you have access to everything . **dalvik is also a cute little ' town ' in iceland with some great glaciers , two ferries to wonderful islands and no good coffee bar .
the short answer is yes . the longer answer is . . . android uses a modified linux kernel to run the basic operating system functions . however , android does not use the same libraries that you would see in a typical desktop linux system ( basic libraries such as glibc ) , so you can not just run any program on android that you can on other linux systems . besides the fact that some of the libraries are different , android does not provide a very easy way of running applications that are not build on their java-like api they call the " andoird platform "
yes .
yes , here is the source code download and what you need to use it . http://source.android.com/download and the license agreement : http://source.android.com/license home page : http://www.android.com/ the wiki : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/android%5f%28operating%5fsystem%29 from the wiki : at google , the team led by rubin developed a mobile device platform powered by the linux kernel which they marketed to handset makers and carriers on the premise of providing a flexible , upgradeable system .
have you checked if there is anything set in Settings &gt; Language &amp; Keyboard ? let me know if it works .
the one i use is screen filter https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.haxorhl=en free . it does not invert any colors , but has the lowest brightness setting of any filter app . use in conjunction with system brightness to achieve any level of brightness needed . in this android tutorial , william j . francis demonstrates how to read and write to the lcd backlight brightness control . http://www.techrepublic.com/blog/software-engineer/control-androids-lcd-backlight-programmatically/ its some good reading , very nice write up . this is how i am going to fix my backlight brightness . but here 's another filter app that is free https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.digipom.nightfilterhl=en no programming required . " night filter is an easy to use screen filter application for your android phone or tablet . night filter makes it easy for you to dim your screen , adjust your color tint , and more ! use it to read at night with less eye strain and correct for an excessive screen tint . "
i have found under setting ( in android 4.3 anyway ) that i can go to device : accessibility:negative colors . this will produce the " inverse video " effect so normally white backgrounds are black . in conjunction with normal ( or app enhanced ) screen dimming this reduces liht significantly over the normal black on white output . i will update this answer if i find a way to control backlight brightness .
pdf to speech pro https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.practicalappshl=en $2.99 . one of the better ones , actually does what it is suppose to . i have not came across any free ones .
install moborobo . never fails . it will get you drivers automatically . then download srs root and it will root it in one single click .
install kies in your pc . it will automatically install corresponding usb drivers . edit : samsung kies is a freeware software application used to communicate between windows or mac operating systems , and more recently manufactured samsung mobile phone and tablet computer devices , usually using a usb cable connection ( though wireless lan kies connectivity is now possible using some devices ) . this software may be used for : data backup data transfer ( between a windows or mac pc , and a samsung mobile device ) , limited to certain media file formats . multimedia ( audio , photos , video , etc . ) management , but limited to certain file formats . purchase/acquisition of additional or special device features . device firmware and operating system ( os version ) upgrades . to work all these , usb driver should be installed . so when you install this software it will automatically detect your device and install usb drivers .
unfortunately the adbd ( adb daemon ) is not enabled on any current google tv hardware , so adb connectivity is not possible via usb , ethernet , or any other means . however , a few crafty tinkerers from gtvhacker site managed to hack the logitech revue unit to enable this functionality . keep in mind that this is a hardware hack and includes physically opening up the revue box and soldering connections on the motherboard . you can read more on this mod here . needless to say , this hack is not for everyone , and carries even more risk of bricking the stb as a plain software hack .
i think if your phone is 16 gb the max you can go with ext sd card is 16 gb any bigger and the phone does not know what to do so 32 will not work that is what they told me for my galaxy s2
64-bit wep key in ascii mode is 5 characters , and since you have said your wep key is 0e39c004e1 , you have to enter it in hex mode . i am not sure if your phone can handle hex input , so if i were you , i would try to ( temporarily ) assign some other wep password , which can be entered in ascii mode ( 5 random characters , letters or numbers ) , and see if that works from your phone . since you have mentioned that both your phones , xperia x10 and xperia s have the same problem with this router , it might be a good idea to invest about $30 in small wifi router , which can connect to your home network and serve internet to your phones and other wireless devices . i use tl-mr3020 and it works perfectly in many situations .
i think this is most likely a problem with the android platform itself . my own lg p500 phone will not connect to any wep secured network even though the key is 100% correct . in that case it was an imac desktop with connection sharing through wep , as that was the only option available for sharing . it is not ideal , but perhaps finding a good compelling article about the benefits of wpa over wep and presenting it to your landlord might be the easiest fix here .
i just thought of posting my solution here as well in order to help others that might face this problem in the future . after troubleshooting the problem for over two months , i have finally been able to resolve the problem with the help of a belkin technical support engineer . just for clarification , the problem is neither with the phones nor the router . it is to do with the wifi settings that can be accessed via the gateway i/p address ( in my case it was : 192.168.2.1 ) . i have followed the below steps that made it work for me ( please note that this solution may not help all the other wep problems , it just seemed to help in my case . the best idea is to check up with your router 's technical support department unless there is a problem with your phone ) . wifi settings changed : disabled firewall disabled wan ping blocking the most important part : under security , i changed the wireless channel from '10' to '9' . changed the configuration from "802.11 b/g/n " to "802.11 g only " . changed the ssid name from say : " belkin-router " to " belkin " . applied changes and hurray , my phones got instantly connected . hope this helps others as well .
the issue was evidently resolved by using a different usb cord .
not sure if you mean you still want to use gv services , but with your phones ' native number ? or do you mean you want to completely circumvent using gv sometimes ? if you meant still use gv , but with your native number : voice-> settings-> this phone 's number then just choose your phone 's native number ( you are still using gv services , but caller-id will show your phone 's number , not your gv number ) . if you meant completely circumvent gv and use your phone as if gv was not installed : voice-> settings-> making calls . choose either Do not use Google Voice to make any calls or Ask every time I make a call
if you did a factory reset , you should be able to connect it to the computer and it should allow you to delete files from the internal storage . mtp is limiting though in the fact that you can not use a secure erase program ( one that overwrites the file multiple times with random data ) . this will be quite difficult to do with a broken screen . the other option is to use odin to restore it to stock . odin overwrites all the partitions including the full /data partition which will wipe the internal storage . just follow any of the guides on how to return to stock or unbrick the device , like this one for the international s3 . if you have one of the lte or carrier versions you will need an appropriate guide for that version . you can do everything blind in odin , just follow the directions carefully .
it is a poor password policy , however you should rest assured that a strong 16-digit password is sufficient to protect from brute force . as demonstrated by grc , an exhaustive brute force attack would take 10 billion years using a massive cracking array : https://www.grc.com/haystack.htm
download an application called " android file transfer " . the application should pop up automatically whenever you set " media sync " once you connect the mac to your phone via the usb . then , you should be able to drag and drop files to and from your phone to the mac .
the way it works for me is that i use the " mtp " transfer function on my lg optimus g , together with the android file transfer , which is downloadable here : http://www.android.com/filetransfer/ and tadaaa ! it works .
i found a few work arounds , although not too elegant . music i used winamp for mac , and the winamp app to transfer the music from my itunes library . i loaded winamp , and told it to import my itunes media , waited for it to finish , then created playlists . i can then right-click the playlist on the left , and click send to-> lg optimus g . the transfer took a while over wifi , but it moved my library over other files i used the bluetooth exchange program for my mac . in hindsight , i learned eventually i could have transferred via wifi with es file explorer ' s ftp or smb sharing . but again , this is how i solved it . bluetooth was deadly slow , but it did eventually work .
no , there is no default blocking of port 8080 , accessing an http server from the same machine does not itself cause a problem , and there is no standard way to configure a server . the standard way to configure anything in android is through the application itself , with the gui it provides , not by editing xml files . after trying everything you have , i would suggest it would be best to ask the developer for help directly .
try accessing your server using the address : http://localhost:8080/ or http://127.0.0.1:8080/ those are called loopback address and should always refer to the machine running the program . is there any default blocking of port 8080 , or otherwise noteworthy issues that could explain this port number , the local machine connection to it , etc . ? unless your device is configured otherwise ( e . g . with firewall or iptables ) , when an application have privilege to full access to the internet , they will be able to connect to any port and listen to non privileged ports ( specifically > 1024 ) . many network providers have firewall which blocks incoming ports , which can interfere with your ability to connect to a device if you are using your external ip address or machine name . loopback addresses are resolved locally and can only be blocked by a local firewall . is accessing data from the server while on the server problematic ? no it is not , and it should not . is there any standard way server software is configured/set up ( so i could maybe tweak around with a goal specifically in mind ) ? refer to your web server documentation .
okay , so i have had this problem before . i suggest powering off , removing sim card , then putting it back in ( if possible ) and reboot . please check the card for any visual damage .
this looks like a lock screen widget , rather than a home screen one . it will not appear in the widget selector - instead , you will need to re-add it to your lock screen . i am not sure what the process is on the smart tab series , but it is probably in your settings menu , somewhere having to do with lock screen .
do this ( at your own risk ) if that is a default widget came along with os because those widgets are unrecoverable once deleted . 1 perform a backup of your important data ( remember ' not the settings' ) in the tab to a pc or cloud . 2 then do a " hard reset " of tab . ( every handset has a unique way to do a hard reset . so google it . ) 3 tab will be reset to its initial state of course . 4 restore backup again . -this is bad idea if you have large amounts of important/sensitive data on your tab and also ignore this answer if that is not a default widget-
it is the logo of the video 's uploader . uploaders can choose to display their logo near the beginning or end of the video , to make it easier for you to subscribe to their channel .
the guide is only to install google play and other related and necessary google apps . the installation is such due to licensing issues which prevent cyanogenmode from packaging it in the rom directly . once you go through the install of google apps , you can use google play same way as on any other android device . regarding versions , every cyanogenmod version is based on particular version of android , e.g. : cyanogenmod 11 is based on android 4.4 kitkat cyanogenmod 10.2 is based on android 4.3 jelly bean cyanogenmod 10.1 is based on android 4.2 jelly bean . etc . the play store will treat cyanogenmod versions as android of appropriate version , so you will have no problems regarding that .
my phone was a yakju and i do not know why those ones are updated like 2 months after the takju . i had to flash it manually to turn it into a takju and after reboot the update was directly available .
two possible reasons : your carrier has not released the update to their customers yet . check their support website or call their support to ask . if you have ever rooted your phone and removed and of the systems applications , which includes bloatware apps like facebook that come preinstalled , you cannot get ota updates as your phone 's system will not match the update anymore and so it will not install .
maybe wait , i had a nexus one and my phone get ota three or four month after the google release , because of my carrier . but you can get the zip file of the ota package and make a manual install . you can find the file on xda i think .
i have the same problem for about half of a year . i have tried entering " checkin " secret code in phone dialer many times , many weeks in a row , tried to clear data of google service framework - no luck . but yesterday i have finally get updated to android os 4.1.1 ! here is how i did this : open phone dialer , enter *#*#2432546#*#* ( numbers is representing word " checkin" ) wait for message " checkin succeeded " in status bar ( you need active internet connection , wifi or mobile - does not matter ) open system settings -> apps -> all -> google services framework click " force stop " button , wait few seconds next click " clear data " button when open settings -> about -> system updates . you should see something like " last checked for update on 1/1/1970 " click " check now " button if you did not receive update yet , repeat this procedure from first step few more times ( i have succeeded after second attempt ) . you could also try to replace step 7 by step 1 . all this sounds very strange for me , but i have tried some separate parts of this sequence many times before and it did not work . yesterday i have repeat all 8 step exactly as them written above , two time in a row - and i have finally get jelly bean on my galaxy nexus ( i have yakjuxw firmware ) .
if the discharge has not been too deep , this should be normal . i use my ipod rarely and often i have to wait half an hour to have it boot up again . conversely , if the discharge has been too deep , it may be a problem . quoting wikipedia : deep discharge may short-circuit the cell , in which case recharging would be unsafe . and overdischarge supersaturates lithium cobalt oxide , leading to the production of lithium oxide , [ 36 ] possibly by the following irreversible reaction [ . . . ]
as avio 's answer says this is normal , but i assume you are wondering why . it is because the battery does not have enough charge to keep the voltage level up . the hardware will only work within a certain voltage range , just like pc hardware for example . most ( all ? ) phones do not have the redundant circuitry and so on to allow them to be powered directly from the usb port while the battery charges , so you have to wait till the battery charges to the minmum required level . as an aside , android normally shuts down with about 5% of battery left , avoiding this problem . unless you turned it back on after this point , it might be that your version does not do this or that the battery stats are messed up and need to be wiped .
i think to move to the standard google build , you have to root your nexus to bypass the signature verification . otherwise you can not go to the google build . i have a nexus one and it is the same thing . before , i can get the google ota , i had to root my phone .
heat and lithium ion batteries are not the best of friends , so anything you can do to maintain a lower battery temperature will prolong your battery 's life . while charging or under heavy load , you typically generate more heat than while resting , so in either of those cases , if your phone feels physically warm , it is probably a good idea to remove it from the case . however , if you are charging it somewhere that it is likely to be damaged by being knocked off a table , having something dropped on it , having a kid find and play with it , etc . then i would be more inclined to keep a protective case on it . the life of your phone is much more important than the life of your battery , as a battery is much cheaper to replace ( note : i am not familiar with how easy or difficult it is to replace the battery on a razr , beyond knowing that it is not as simple as popping the back off and pulling the battery ) . i will add that while it is possible that a case ( particularly the thicker ones like otterbox produces ) could lead to enough excessive heat that it damages the battery , i have not heard of anything beyond a faulty battery actually damaging itself ( think of the exploding battery stories ) . i would think that we had hear a lot more about this if it were a significant issue .
according to the version numbers you have posted , they are the android version numbers with zero padding . therefore these can be directly mapped to " friendly " names , which can be found for example on wikipedia under android version history . so the remaining should be :
tasker is the way to go with this one . or , i suppose llama might do the trick for you as well -- as for the receiving end , automatically refreshing a browser window ? you had need a bit of javascript for that --- you would have to be hosting the image share service , yourself - which i do not think you are going to do . . right ? you could , after all , have a simple webserver on the phone that is taking the pictures , and do it that way , as well . . but that requires a bit of knowledge on how to configure your firewall --- do you really want to take a picture every 30-60 seconds ? and record each picture ? or would you rather have something that takes a picture when you want to see it ? teamviewer would be your best option in that case -- you could just use teamviewer to get into your phone , and either leave the camera running or just use it to take a picture . or , the combination of those two things are probably going to be your path of least resistance --- //edit based on your comments , it seems like this is the route you will want to go . 1 ) . set up an http server ( not ftp ) - on your android . connect your android to wifi so you can have a static ip , which will simplify the rest . 2 ) . tell your firewall/gateway ( dependent on your isp ) that your android device is an http server . 3 ) . set up llama to take a picture every x seconds , and put the picture in /path/to/http-server/latest-picture ( if you want to save all the pictures , then you will need it to mv /path/to/latest-picture /path/to/older-pictures_{timestamp} - which llama has variables for , i am sure . . . 4 ) . point firefox to http://your.external.ip.addr/path/to/latest-picture voila - ! this can be a bit complicated , but if you have patience , i will help .
that is my solution : create a tasker profile that is triggered every x minutes . its task has two actions : take a picture and save it with a static name upload the photo to a cloud storage i found foldersync , which has a tasker integration and it lets you upload files to many kinds of cloud storage ( as title and description suggest , at least - i did not test it yet ) including ftp , sftp , google drive and dropbox . to receive the images in a webbrowser , a simple js script should do it if you make your uploaded file public ( 'everybody who has the link . . . ' ) . otherwise , you may have to implement an authorization in your script . so it should be possible to use these two apps for your purpose . here are some pros and cons : advantages while you can use dropbox or something similar , you do not have to host anything it is relatively simple disadvantages you searched for a solution with one app but need two ( i think thats a minor . . . ) you will have to buy foldersync ( and tasker , eventually ) hope this helps ( at least for getting new ideas ) !
another approach : the free app ip webcam is a video streaming tool primarily , but there is also an option to fetch only a photo . it brings a webserver where /photo.png is a continuously updated resource . since it gets refreshed each time you request it via a browser , you do not have to care about taking a picture every x minutes . you then can use port forwarding on the router to access the phone 's webserver from www . ip webcam also features authentication with username/password , but i do not know how secure it is .
user dictionary manager might be what you are looking for . from the description : udm is an application that allows you to edit/export/import/delete/clean the user dictionary words found on your android phone .
prolly went to battery saver cause you had low battery and changed it automatically , youneed to change the amount of time back to what u want every time battery saver comes on , or dxit the settings in saver
you can use wakelock detector to find out what app is causing the behaviour . remember to read the correct procedure from the app 's info : how to use : 1 install the app 2 charge your phone above 90% and unplug cable ( or just reboot the phone ) 3 give it a time ( 1-2 hours ) to accumulate some wakelock usage statistics 4 run “wakelock detector” , it will display wakelock statistics for you ! 5 check the apps on the top , if they show very long wakelock usage time then you found the cause of your battery drain ! *note : wakelock statistics are gathered since step#3
if you can somehow obtain a zip style backup of the settings app you can try to manually push it from a computer through abd ( android debug bridge ) from your bootloader/recovery ( if it is unlocked ) more info here . http://teamw.in/adbsideload
i encountered the same issues sometimes and i could not detect it without trying to make a phone call . i then went into the parameters panel , into the mobile network part . there , i force the phone to select my operator ( and remove the auto-detection option ) . since this modification , when i am disconnected from gsm network i have a little warning sign ( grey triangle with a white exclamation point inside ) in the notification toolbar . to force reconnection , i go in the same menu and force the phone to search available networks , i select mine and it is ( almost every time ) reconnected .
is there a way to get a notification that i am off the air ? i do not think this is possible , but there might be an app out there for it . i am not sure . i am fairly certain that it is not a native function in android though . is there a way to reconnect without rebooting the phone ? airplane mode on/off seems to be the easiest route . if that does not work , you can try going into " more . . . " on the settings menu and look for available networks manually . maybe you will find that you find other networks , just not your carrier , and in that case it is actually a coverage problem , or a problem with their equipment since you can actually see networks , just not the one you want to connect to . is this something that happens to others , or am i just lucky ? connection drops to the network is very common , but it is usually different kinds of drops for different reasons . if you have rooted your phone and you are running a custom rom , you might need to check out getril . if you are running stock , try a factory reset/reinstall of your device first , or see if there is any updates available from samsung . i get drops at times on my galaxy nexus as well , but i only lose data connection , i still see my carriers name and i can recieve sms/phone calls . this sounds completely different from your issue if you are actually losing contact with the gsm network completely . i would recommend that you check out if you can find other carriers networks or not ( mentioned above ) , if you can find others you need to notify your carrier first of all . if you can not , it is probably phone-specific but even there your carrier/samsung should be able to help you if you still have warranty and the device is not rooted .
i have same problem with my samsung galaxy y pro duos . the second sim often loses the connection to the gsm network , but the phone fails to notify me about that . it reports network signal strength as usual , but the number is inaccessible . it happens several times a month , the last time i did not notice it for several days - very bad . it seems this problem is common on samsung phones . the galaxy ace i bought for my mother did it a few times too , but it happens less often on this phone . i upgraded the software on both phones with no luck . i tried to hard-select the network , so hopefully i will at least get the notification . on one sim phones you could try this app ; it notifies you when gsm connection is lost . i can not tell if it works though , because it only works with the first sim and i get trouble with the second one . if it relies on info from android , then it probably will not work , because android thinks it is connected all the time ( the signal bar is on even if the sim inaccessible ) . i am actually thinking about switching the phone and avoiding samsung and/or android in the future , because this is obviously not an isolated problem and neither samsung or google seems to care to fix it .
as long as it is the exact same model ( be very careful here , since nexus 5 has gsm and cdma models ) your plan will work . if you are planning to unlock your phone 's bootloader , root it and install a custom recovery and rom , it is easily done with nandroid . on original nexus 5 you run nandroid backup . using adb pull copy the newly created backup directory to your pc ( the path will be different depending on the recovery you are using . ) unlock the bootloader of your new nexus 5 . boot into your new phone and enable usb debugging . now hook it up via usb and accept the authorization prompt . this is a very important step . do not skip this , otherwise adb will refuse to connect to the phone , even in recovery . install same version of custom recovery as you were using on your original nexus 5 . using adb push copy the backup folder you retrieved in step 2 from your pc onto the new phone . on the new phone boot into recovery and run nandroid restore . keep in mind that nandroid does not back up or restore the contents of media storage ( /sdcard ) , so you will need to copy those files manually ( adb pull/push works quite well , or you can use other methods as izzy mentioned in the comments ) . if you cannot ( or do not want to ) unlock the bootloader , you may want to look into using adb backup tool . however , this method also has its down sides ( e . g . sms messages are not backed up or restored , failure to back up some media , etc . )
once you are in the people app and have chosen a contact : 1 ) click menu --> edit 2 ) choose add another field 3 ) select special dates ( special dates defaults to birthday , but also included anniversary etc . ) i am on cm11 m8 as well , works for me . also , might be worth flashing the latest gapps http://wiki.cyanogenmod.org/w/google_apps
on cyanogenmod people , to see and edit the events field ( birthdays and anniversaries only available in this case ) , the people contact has to be in an account , not on the phone only . i also do not use a cloud service for my own privacy reasons so i use myphoneexplorer app for pc synchronization and the associated but seperate mylocalaccount app for contacts storage , both on play store . if you decide to use myphoneexplorer/mylocalaccount be sure to synchronize contacts into mylocalaccount . when i realized this solution and installed mylocalaccount ( i had already been using myphoneexplorer ) the older existing contacts did not synchronize with mylocalaccount and i still had no events field . i had to mass delete all contacts on the phone ( easy with myphoneexplorer ) and re-synchronize with mylocalaccount . btw , i use outlook on my pc . problem solved . yes android can be quirky but that is why we use it , right ? ! !
in fact , one is available from motorola here , posted by reddit user troub ( source ) . it is a .dae file but can be converted using autodesk fbx converter ( see www.cadstudio.cz/download or www.autodesk.com/fbx ) . alternatively , it is posted here on thingiverse as a .stl file .
well , there is many possible causes for this . some that spring to mind immediately are : someone set up the facebook app on the phone sometime in the past and then forget they had done so ; after the system update , it either became obvious or the app was " helpfully " reactivated after being deactivated ( the most likely , imo ) . someone linked the facebook and gmail accounts , and the system update " helpfully " populated the fb app on the phone as well . a third party service or another app is aware of both the fb account and the gmail account , and has " helpfully " associate fb with the gmail account ( have you double checked the fb profile to make sure that the gmail address is not listed ? ) the cell phone number has been added into the facebook profile , linking the phone with the fb account that way as opposed to linking it via the gmail account . +++ updated with two more possibilities +++
i then tried uninstalling gmail by deleting the file and then trying to reinstall it from the play store you can not install it from the play store , you can only update an existing version . this is to prevent phones that have not met google 's official criteria from getting the core google apps , though there are workarounds ( see below ) . the apk deletion seemed to put it in a strange state where it disappeared from the phone . . . but still the play store considers it as installed deleting the . apk is akin to deleting acrobat.exe from windows without uninstalling adobe acrobat . it will not run since it does not exist , but the system still thinks it is installed and there may be other junk left behind . to fix this you had need to flash the google apps package ; this question might help with that . since you are only suffering from the market not auto-updating right now , you can either try to trigger the update or manually install the new version ; see this question for that . in the future do not delete apps you want ! or at least back them up :p
http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2107224 android > = 4.2 breaks dalvik-apps that mount file systems to be shared with other apps . the linked page has an explanation of the issue , and patches that can be applied to the kernel source ( or the dalvik source , if you prefer ) to make a custom rom that lets you do this .
i think " phone idle " just means general power use from the phone being on ( listening for user activation , waiting for scheduled app actions , basic memory and cpu " being on " stuff etc . ) whereas " cell standby " is about keeping the phone active on the cell network ( brief signals back and forth with cell towers alerting them of your presence , listening for calls or sms ) .
nevermind . this was a " quick reply " feature of chompsms . wow . that was hard to find . guess will accept this in 2 days .
according to the dolphin for android phone faqs , you can manually create a shortcut to the home screen : how do i create a shortcut for dolphin sonar to the home screen manually ? please click menu> more> settings> gesture and sonar > sonar settings> create shortcut .
i believe the clock application on the htc desire is one made by htc and not google . i believe google is in the process of releasing their own clock application via the market as they have done with their other apps like maps and soon to be gmail .
it appears that it is possible to get the " set alarm . . . " voice action working by installing a leaked version of deskclockgoogle . apk as described on this website . i have not tested it . it seems that this feature is not yet officially released but is coming soon .
in order for the voice actions to successfully set the alarm the device must contain an app that implements the android.intent.action.SET_ALARM intent . ( read more in the documentation of android . provider . alarmclock . ) there is no guarantee that your device contains such an app ( unless it is a stock android ) . the situation is worse on samsung galaxy s ii ( with ics ) which by default comes with samsung 's own clock app which seems to handle the intent but actually does not , i.e. in response to the voice action a blank clock window pops up and no alarm is set . so voice actions will not even find out that the alarm setting task was not carried out . the only app that i am aware of that properly handles this intent and can be used with voice actions is alarm clock plus★ . it is likely that there are more such apps but android market does not make finding them easy , because it does not offer a search-by-intent feature . . .
in android 4.4: open google now . press the options button in upper right corner of the stock card . press the right arrow to cycle through options for the card . when asked about " interested in the stock unwanted-stock-name ? " , tap " no " . in older versions : this should do it for you : open google now press the menu button press settings press google now scroll down and press stocks press the stock you want to remove press remove
does the app here work for you ? http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1317804page=9
usually it is called calendar . ask your provider if it still is not showing on your phone . alternatively , trying seeing if long-pressing an empty area of your screen and then choosing widgets - shows the calendar widget in the list . i am assuming of course , that you have already set up your google account to sync with your device .
yup using root is the only way to go . all other groups or username are locked in userland of android by a technique known as sandboxing . this is security feature implemented at the core so you will need to rework android if you still want to succeed .
no , calls do not work that way . they do not go through the same network interface as internet data , and they are treated completely differently by the modem . phone networks are circuit-switched , not packet-switched like ip , so there are not any " packets " to examine .
sync your google account in emulator , and go to play store .
steps : go to sdk/platform-tools with the command cd /home/android-sdk/platform-tools you should copy the .apk you want to install in this directory and add the path of it to environment variable in variable path " you might need restart"(PATH=$PATH:path to apk) list the devices with the command . /adb devices you can install your file with . /adb install . filename . apk example for step 2 : . /adb devices list of devices attached emulator-5554 device example for step 3 : . /adb install andexplorer . apk 1083 kb/s ( 338651 bytes in 0.305s ) pkg : /data/local/tmp/andexplorer . apk success
i do not think there is any option for that . probably a third party app ( dialer/call ) would .
there currently is no official update for the n1 to gingerbread yet . however , you could root your phone and install cyanogenmod 7 ( nightly , it has not hit release candidate yet ) to get gingerbread on your phone . from what i have heard , the nightlies have been pretty stable for the n1 . more details on the cm wiki here . basic steps include : root your phone install rom manager flash clockwork recovery make a nandroid backup of your phone flash cm7 note : rooting your phone will void your warranty . for more info about rooting , see here and here .
it is going to vary a bit by device and os version . i did find this however , which is specifically for updating the nexus one to android 2.3.3 ( which is out officially ) . sick of waiting for your nexus one to get the ota update to android 2.3.3 gingerbread ? it’s your lucky day , as you can now manually install the update to your phone without anymore waiting ! download the nexus one update from this link here . rename the file to update . zip ( if your os hides file extensions by default , rename the file to update to avoid it being renamed to update . zip . zip ) connect your nexus one to your computer and transfer the file to the root of the microsd card ( inside no folders ) power down the nexus one . now reboot it by holding the power and volume down at the same time . you should now see a screen with androids on skateboards . using the volume keys , navigate to recovery and press power . the recovery screen will only show a triangle with an exclamation point in it . to get to the recovery menu press power and volume up at the same time . ( it can be a bit tricky sometimes , so keep trying if it doesn’t work the first time ) using the trackball , scroll down and select “ apply sdcard:update . zip . ” to start the update . once the update has completed , reboot your nexus one . you’ve successfully updated to android 2.3.3 . have fun !
there are some alternative front-ends to the google play store , like appbrain , androidzoom that use a totally different search engine , and index apps differently , you may have different results if you search on there for your apps . see also this previous question for some more info : what are the alternative android app markets ?
try combined search words to narrow down the result list . if you e.g. look for an alarm reminder , " alarm reminder " gives you 1.000+ results -- while " alarm-reminder " ( note the " minus " replacing the space ) shrinks it to 48 , relating to both terms ( and not just either one of them ) . sometimes also the rules from google 's main search engine apply here ( i could not yet figure out when they do and when they do not ) . so " alarm +reminder " should list only apps whose name/description contains both terms -- while " alarm -reminder " should list only those containing " alarm " but not " reminder " . as said , this works sometimes , while the first rule mentioned seems to work always . i just tested it , and surprisingly even some more advanced keywords work : " clock +intitle:alarm " really lists only apps having " alarm " in their name ( and " clock " in their name or description ; though this i did not verify completely ) . i suspect the playstore search is just a " customized google search " -- so you might play with other " tipps and tricks " from its " big brother " .
you need to do a factory reset via Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Privacy -&gt; Factory Data Reset ( this may be under a different menu on newer versions of android . ) factory reset formats your device , erasing all 3rd-party installed apps and their settings . it also dis-associates your accounts ( google , or any others you may have added ) from the device , removing any synced contacts . you may also wish to format your sd card if you are giving it along with the phone . apps , books , music and videos that you purchased via google play store are tied to your google account . you will be able to re-download them to your new android device after signing in with your google account .
there should be no real " requirements " for launchers - as long as they could be downloaded to your phone they should work . maybe one ore more functions could be slower on older devices if the hardware is not really new , but the base functions should just work . . .
it is at the top , when you pull down to select wifi , gps , screen rotation , etc .
have you tried in Settings &gt; Language and input &gt; Text to speech output &gt; Driving mode ?
install catlog to check what is happening at the time of unlocking . without logs , its hard to tell how to fix it . factory reset is the last option ( not applicable if your firmware is broken ) . if factory reset is unable to fix it or you do not want to do factory reset , install third-party apps which could turn off data by renaming apn . i would recommend widgetsoid for it . after installing it , add Data Toggle widget on homescreen and choose APN Renaming as data toggle method from its settings . the bug can not by-pass it , for sure .
i had same issue i think . when you power off in gingerbread you get a power off popup confirmation screen . one of the other options shown will reset packet data . if you hit that by accident it will restore the packet data connection . there is an alternative way to stop 3g rather than turning packet data off but its pretty permanent for the mobile network you use .
maybe a factory reset will solve the problem , or if your phone is rooted and you have a custom recovery , then clear the dalvik cache .
i performed two steps to fix the issue : settings -> wireless and network settings -> wi-fi settings -> click menu button and select advanced , select wi-fi sleep policy - > select never . dial *#*#526#*#* for wlan diagnostics . this will reload the wi-fi driver ( i tried this before without step 1 and it rebooted my mobile ) .
you can not get the old popup back , but sparx 's suggestion is correct : if you double-tap the app , it has the same effect as clicking " just once " . hopefully this is quick and easy enough that the new-style chooser does not annoy you any more .
answer : no based on the currently available information at their support faq page , no , you cannot disable the " sim card change notification " feature with remove sms control : how can i control device via sms configuration 1 ) set a password and enable sms command option using " preference " menu of the app 2 ) send sms commands locate phone : ## locate password siren : ## siren password lock screen : ## lock password screenlockpassword factory reset : ## wipe password reset and format sd : ## wipeall password toggle gps : ## gps password toggle wifi : ## wifi password toggle bluetooth : ## bluetooth password what can you do : you can let the phone owner know how to access the app and from there , pressing " preferences " , it can access the " allow notify via sms " enable/disable checkbox :
if you want them to stop why do not you make a new kik ? i have done the same blocked and it still happens i do not understand why but just make a new one or simply email kik messenger and report that person .
the answer is : you cannot . either wait out the harassment , do not open the app for a while , or switch discussion platforms with the people you care to talk to . all unsatisfying solutions , but . . . they are the only ones .
when small blue writing appears , let go of just the power button . it should then boot into recovery . source . disclaimer : i am dladdict on xda .
enter the message application , click the menu button and enter settings , select " text input mode " and change the option from automatic to gsm alphabet . when you type in the message it appears as special characters but when the message is sent it is automatically converted to normal text .
the galaxy s4 mini only comes with an 8gb internal storage ( 5gb are usable ) , i think you are referring to your external storage and you can use this space by moving some apps to it . you can achieve that by installing an app called " app 2 sd " by sam lu , it is very simple to use application , hope this help
later versions of android do not allow apps to be on sd ( no app will make it happen if this is the case , unless you are rooted ) . to free up space try using an app like clean master .
actually , tasker is the key here . you can find a tutorial here : control which app is the default for an action . in addition to tasker , you will need the secure settings plug-in . the action involved which can be found there is called package state , where you can select between disable , enable , and toggle . so basically it is a work-around : you disable firefox when switching to 3g , so only opera is available then and will be used . as soon as you switch to wifi ( tasker condition : wifi connected ) , you toggle both package states , so firefox becomes the default browser as it is the only one available .
sounds more like a virus . the only guarenteed way is to flash a fresh rom and start over . malware is getting smarter and smarter and may be able to hide itself on the os unless you start fresh .
you can try a custom home launcher , which is another term for home screen , instead of touchwiz , samsung 's default launcher . go launcher is a popular one and is very customizable . adw is another one that has good performance . doing a search for " launcher " in the play store will bring up multiple options .
because sammy 's software is buggy ! if yours is a galaxy s i9000 , then there are ics roms on xda forum which i found far smoother and usable on my phone than samsung 's touchwiz gingerbread . if you do not want to go through the hassle of rooting , flashing a custom rom , then i suggest that you backup your data and do a factory reset . settings=&gt;privacy=&gt;factory data reset 
i know tunein can play mms radio , but from what i see , only ones from a predefined set . chuvradio does not seem to be there yet . maybe you can submit your station to them ?
mx player also supports mms streams , and it is great because you can minimise the application and keep listening to the radio , as i am right now .
try yxplayer . unlike other apps , it allows a user to enter custom streaming urls from what i can see . there is also vplayer that might work .
setting up a wifi network : you can simply start a WiFi hotspot on your android device , and connect laptop to this wifi network . or you can also connect to a wifi network created by host laptop , because your aim is to transfer files . edit : as op told that there is no ui available on his device ( wifi only device ) , obiviously , the only possibility to do this on un-rooted phone is to create wifi network on the other device and connect to that device , or to root the phone and add this functionality by yourself . you may be interested in following links : sms and wifi tethering on nexus 7 nexus 7 hotspot and tether can i tether from a wifi only device ? asus nexus 7 tethering and wifi hotspot not available activating wifi hotspot tethering on a verizon droid with froyo 2.2 portable wi-fi hotspot free wifi tether - rooted wifi tether for root users transferring files in a wifi network : afaik , once you are in a wifi network , you can use es file manager for this . because there is a window with name " lan " . this may give you a clue . ( i did not transferred files though )
i use foxfi to start hot spots without having to root my phone . the app is free , as well .
official ? no . trusted ? well that depends on who you trust . rootzwiki has a list of the gapps packages for all android versions . now for the rant part : google understandably and thankfully does not support old versions . the roi is getting lower and lower with the older platforms . no person in their right mind would support 1.6 when they have 4.1 out there and a newer version in the works .
i tried a different approach , seeing the problem was with radio / telephony . . . i put in another sim from a different carrier , and so far i am having no reboots ! what is the difference ? my main carrier is a " virtual carrier " , a company that rents other company 's network to offer their service , usually with more competitive prices . the sim i am using now is from a traditional carrier that owns the network directly . what i think happens is that when using a virtual carrier , you are having a sort of permanent roaming : the phone has to first get into the network owning carrier and then join the virtual network of the virtual carrier . somehow this is making the droid 3 crazy . the signal strength meter was indeed showing a small " r " indicating i was in roaming . i assumed this was because being an us phone , it took any non-us network as roaming , but now that i am using the regular carrier sim , the signal strength bar is not showing " r " anymore . seems i will have to change my carrier to a network owner , which unfortunately have much less competitive prices . but at least i found a way of using the droid 3 without constant reboots ! ! for future reference to other spanish users : i am having the reboots using a simyo sim ( which runs on the orange network ) , but with a movistar sim there are no reboots .
it sounds to me it could a hardware issue and not a software issue . things i would try flashing even more roms . try cm7 if it is available for droid 3 . if it keeps rebooting with other roms , you most likely have a hardware problem hardware suggestions : try a new/different battery . also , since you are using gsm and it deals with losing your signal , perhaps it is an issue with your sim card ? otherwise : contact customer support and tell them of your hardware issue of reboots . they might have some additional info or procedures to help you . or a new refurb phone . ( but since you are in spain , that sounds like a problem ) .
nexus 5 is pretty easy to correct that issue just find a working cm kernel . . . this ones kinda nice : http://forum.xda-developers.com/google-nexus-5/development/kernel-bum-5-t2774572 boot to recovery . " adb push [ your new kernel file here . zip ] /sdcard/ then wait . . . flash the new kernel . zap the dalvik cache . as they say " profit " . . .
resolved : using this ( http://android-revolution-hd.blogspot.ca/2013/12/how-to-copy-rom-zip.html ) then flashing the zip uploaded to the device . note : if your cellular stops working or glitches out re-flash the stock radio ( http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2513701 ) or completely re-flash stock then you are free to continue roming !
what i do is take the battery out , wait 15 minutes , and then put it back in .
this happened to me many times . in my case , the main problem was the on/off switch got stuck . what i did was : i presses the button until the phone opened again . solved it for me .
i can suggest to follow these steps : remove usb cable and battery . re-insert battery . hold volume down and home , then press power . if you can enter the recovery system , try to clear caches . if that does not work , do a factory reset . if that still does not , go back to download mode , and try to restore using odin and a corresponding firmware .
your phone is stuck as a result of memory overload caused by some bad program . following will do the trick for you : turn off your samsung galaxy s3 . press and hold down the “power” button , “home” button , and the “volume up” button . wait for your phone to vibrate , then release only the “power” button . wait for the android system recovery screen to appear , then release the “home” and “volume up” keys . press the “volume down” button until the “wipe data / factory reset” option is highlighted . press the “power” key to select the option . press the “volume down” button until “delete all user data” is highlighted . press the “power” button once again to select the option . your phone will then perform the reset process and display “reboot system now” when complete . press the “power” key to select the reboot option and complete the master reset . in case you face any problem , check the following link : samsung galaxy s3 factory reset hope it helps :- )
it does look like a stuck power button . ( as ridiculous as it may sound ) the behaviour in your phone is exactly as it is when i press and hold on my power button for an extended period . by right , the device should not turn on by itself when the battery is inserted . it should remain turned off - only a hardware switch can turn it on . as your phone turns on by itself , it clearly shows that the power button is being pressed . furthermore , the power menu shows when you turn the phone on without touching the phone at all and again showing the power button being pressed . i suggest you bring your phone down to someone who knows how to open up your phone to see if there has been any damage to the power button .
you cannot pull data folder directly since adb does not have file listing access to it . if you want to pull the /data folder you can do it via recovery ( [ custom recovery , cwm/twrp ] run adb while device is in recovery mode , hopefully a custom recovery ) . or as root , copy /data to another directory ( sdcard ) and pull it from there .
files and directories below /data/data are protected from the " average user " , so you cannot simply " pull " them unless the adb daemon is running in root mode . other than the file you were referring to ( /system/buildprop is at least readable by all apps ) , folders below /data/data are " invisible " ( except for root ) , so they cannot even be read . to be able to use adb pull on them , you need to make your adb daemon run in root mode first . depending on the device , a simple adb root command might do that – but most devices will refuse to do . in those cases , you can use chainfire 's adbd insecure : install this app on your device , start it there , and manually switch to " insecure " mode . now the pull should succeed . remark : it is called " insecure " because running adbd as root gives everybody with a computer and an usb cable access to everything on your device . just in case you wonder .
on ics , click on the applications icon , then select menu &gt; edit . you can now drag-and-drop any application icon you want to the row with the default icons . note that you can remove the phone and contacts icons , but not the applications icon . i am not sure if there is a similar feature in the touchwiz launcher on froyo , but alternatively you can look around and install a different launcher that does allows you to customize everything . you may want to start by reading this article
do you mean this app , android 4 ics calendar ? if so , it is probably unsupported by google sync . was not there any calendar app preinstalled on your tablet ?
install google calendar official app , available for devices running android 4.0.3 and later .
you have to download the google calendar app for your android default app can sync with your online gmail account .
founded ugly workaround ( link ) . add exchange account : domain\username : is my aspmx . l . google . com\username@gmail . com server : m . google . com now i can sync calendar - but only first one :/ . still looking for a proper solution .
it only works if you have a gmail account .
i found the solution here : http://www.androidtablets.net/forum/android-tablet-discussions/23013-solved-exchange-account-puzzle.html basically you use your gmail user name and password and when it asks for your server information use m.google.com.
tethering an ios device to an android device will cause a wormhole to open and suck them both in . i do not recommend it . the non-sarcastic response to bt tethering on honeycomb
i had the same problem with google music . if you move the music slider to a different position , it will output sound on both sides , but the bug appears again once it changes track . i believe this is a bug on cyanogenmod 10.1 rc1 . i just updated to rc4 and the bug seems fixed . yay !
i was able to update to rc2 which fixed the bug introduced in rc1 . as i mentioned in the comment to @mohdyusuf unfortunately i can not upgrade beyond rc2 now , due to the same " getprop ( ) " errors mentioned in my question . but at least the right-side audio problem is resolved with rc2 .
these files are all system images for the android emulator . that is , they contain the filesystems for the emulated android phone inside the emulator . the ones that are in sdk directories can be removed from the android sdk manager and reinstalled any time you want . the ones in your user directory were generated by running the emulator : they contain the files and data you have created in the emulator . only you know whether they contain any important data . if your emulated android system does not have any data you want to save , you can delete them . make sure to remove the corresponding avd entries that use them from the avd manager , as the avd will not be able to boot once you have removed its files : you will have to start a new avd from scratch . btw , it is not necessary to download a fresh android sdk each time you install an ide . just tell the ide the path where you installed the android sdk . rather than just worrying about the large files , it'll be better to completely remove the copies of the sdk you are not using .
the best thing for this is going to be tasker . best three bucks you will ever spend on an android phone .
google does not provide a native client for syncing tasks . there are plenty of good apps on google play that will do this . gtasks is one good example .
if you were to have a custom recovery installed onto your device , it may have options to partition the internal storage . at least , the sgs2 cwm recovery does .
i do not know for sure , but think changing internal partition layout can only be done on special development devices with the security turned off ( called s-off ) . the problem of running out of space on the internal data partition has been solved by many custom roms that can be installed after using the official htc unlock process , however . these custom roms have various methods of supporting putting apps on the sd card ( in a more seamless way than standard android ) or putting even more of the data partition storage requirements on to it ( although this often requires formatting the sd card to the ext file system and sometimes even multiple partitions ) . make sure you go through your app list in settings first , moving anything you can to sd card , by the standard android method . this is often enough and easier than installing a custom rom with a2sd ( + ) /d2w support .
ivona voice sounds the best hands down ( especially amy and the new not yet on android salli voice ) . works great on all apps for me . sadly , whenever i reboot phone , ivona no longer works . only fix is to reinstall the whole thing which is a total pita . i still do it though cause it sounds so much better then any of the other choices .
if it is possible , you can update to jelly bean ( regular or via mod ) . android 4.1 comes with a new google tts engine that sounds very natural and imho tops svox classic ( at least the german voice as of q3/2012 ) . included languages so far are : english ( us or uk accent ) spanish french italian german
i use svox classic , it is rather natural and comes with many languages , you can even choose between different speakers ( male/female/ . . . ) for some languages . drawback : it is not free , each language costs around 3eur . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.svox.classic
an update might include a new radio-firmware ( see : what is radio firmware ? ; basically you can think of it as the " hardware-layer " or an api to give the installed ( android ) system access to the hardware ) , which is not included with a nandroid backup . it could also include a " recovery-image " ( see : recovery-mode ) , which you did not include with your backup . for the latter , you could simply include it with your nandroid backup . the radio-image is a different thing : i know of no method to extract/backup it from a given device . you could , however , check which radio version is currently installed with your device , and see if you can get a " ruu " ( radio unit update ) specifically for that .
usb otg is actually both - hardware and software dependent . for example , the hardware may have the otg specification , but the phone software restricts the use of otg .
yes , usb on-the-go requires special hardware on the host device , as well as the appropriate kernel drivers and drivers for all the usb peripheral profiles you need to connect .
yes , usb otg requires capable hardware , software on which it is enabled and the right drivers . for example , the nexus-series of google do not allow usb otg from software-side . however , if you are rooted ( and the hardware would support it ) it is an easy way to enable it . chainfire made an application which enables/disables usb otg . this only works , if your hardware would support usb you can find it on google play
you can use smart shortcuts ( lets you organize applications and bookmarks in folders using tags ) , of the astro file manager , which let you add shortcuts to folders of the filesystem .
i am not sure of the motorola methodology for answering or ignoring a call , but on my samsung , merely touching the green or red button is insufficient ; it requires a swipe to convey the intention . i believe this was re-engineered to prevent accidental accepts or hangups through a mere button press . the green button has green arrows and a swipe in the arrow direction from the button will accept the call . the same with the ignore swipe along the red arrows from the red button to indicate the call should go to voicemail . update : searching the droid forums , i see that motorola uses the same functionality for call answering , but many users would like to see the functionality changed to just a button press . perhaps you are an advocate of the same technique . see this forum for suggestions others have made to change the functionality somehow through app replacement : http://www.droidforums.net/forum/android-app-developers/37743-button-answer-call-instead-swipe.html
superoneclick , and other one click root methods use a rootkit exploit that has been patched in the newer versions of android . to root the newer versions of android , a new exploit is needed . you would have to find a way to install the binaries , and set the permissions . this can be done using the stock recovery - it just needs to be signed correctly , and as such , could be quite difficult . other ways include flashing a custom boot.img file using the bootloader . if your device does not come with a flashable bootloader then you are really out of options sorry .
update original stock rom of callbar mobiles is available on following official link . millions of thanks to company 's sales head officer in my country to whom i talked on mobile . he was kind enough to spare his precious time and guided me to download stockrom and flash it properly . without naming him on this public portal , i would like to tell that he is great person . there are 3 stock roms for models callbar a1 , callbar a2 and callbar tab7 available under the modem driver download section . the rar file includes all tools and software required for flashing . here is the link http://www.callbar.in/kingmove.html go in details for how to use ' researchdownload ' software to flash the rom .
the app you are looking for is tts extended , search the market for it . i think the app stopped being available with version 2.2 because i can no longer find it on my phone , it is probably integrated now . since you have 2.1 it should be there for you : here is a link to the app . i know it works because i used it on my previous droid in conjunction with google translate , it worked very well with italian by the way .
another cause of this error message is that the country in which you are may require your imei to be registered with the government - if you have already registered it check whether it has been removed from the relevent list ( turkey in my case so i checked http://imei.tk.gov.tr/tr/imeisorgu.php and found it had been removed ) and contact the relevent government official to get it put back on . i do not understand why the error message refers to the sim card - it misled me and wasted hours of my time as the problem in my case was nothing to do with the sim card . i assume this is an android error message - i think the message should be improved and presumably mention " imei " but i am not sure exactly what it should say . perhaps others in this forum can suggest a better error message .
it appears several sites suggest preventing the phone from using 3g . i have gone into settings -> wireless and network -> mobile networks -> network mode -> gsm only . this appears to have fixed the issue for me . of course this would not be a solution for anybody who relies on mobile data ( but my provider charges so much for data that i am wi-fi only ) .
uc browser is the only popular android browser i have found to support swipe navigation ( i.e. . one-finger dragging from left or right side slides to previous/next page without refreshing ) . swiping only works adequately in fit-to-screen mode , but even though it is not as smooth as safari , it does the job . : )
xscope browser can do this . you can also set the swipe from bezel like ios .
automated solutions could involve tasker : make a job running in intervals ( e . g . all 3 hours ) , with the task to shell-execute rm -rf /data/log/* as root , should keep the folder clean . tasker has a " run shell " command , where you can tick " use root " – that is what you would need .
i would expect tts and asr to be very memory-intensive as they process input ( which needs to be stored and transformed ) and generate output . so slow memory would probably be a limiting factor with a fast cpu . there should also be a little i/o -- loading voice samples for comparison and playback -- but i would not expect it to be as much of an issue . i can not get any more specific since i do not know how the default engine works ( i suspect few people outside google do ) . you might get a better answer on stackoverflow , since this is more of a question about the specifics of an algorithm and not really about android use .
official gmail app uses accounts , provided by android , so it is impossible . only if you will use some patched version , what will use private accounts , it possible .
here 's what i need to do : 1st step : launch the settings app , scroll to the bottom , and tap about phone . 2nd step : in the middle of the screen is the listing for android version . tap this item until you see a jelly bean appear on your screen . you can then tap and hold the giant jelly bean until your device vibrates . you should then see interactive beans floating all over your screen . and yes , you can fling them . go ahead , try it . 3rd step : after doing , this the beanflinger daydream will be unlocked . you can find the daydream option by going to settings > display > daydream . hope it will help to all of the users facing this same kind of problem .
go to Settings -&gt; Display -&gt; Daydream and select your desired daydream . after this , tap When to daydream and select when you want it to work . now , when you charge/dock the device , leave the screen on and after a while , the daydream will start . for me , this required me not to lock the screen manually by pressing the power button , and disabling Stay awake from Developer options .
tap Android version from Settings -&gt; About Phone for the few times until big jelly bean appears . then touch and hold this big jelly bean . now , you can see several small jelly beans moving on the screen . finally , you can see BeanFinger option on Settings -&gt; Display -&gt; Daydream .
i do not have an archos , but when i view all apps on my phone i can press the menu button and select a view type from in there ( including alphabetical ) . do you have anything similar ? you could also try another launcher , such as adw . and yes , it is often called the app drawer : )
stock recovery 's do not offer this feature , you would need a custom recovery to backup and restore .
yes it is correct . i could able to install only thruough rom manager but not in manual recovery mode ( constantly the first copied rom-supernexus is peremenanatly found in cwm )
if the sound is what you do not like , on some phones the sound can be turned off by disabling usb debugging . Settings -> Applications -> Development -> USB debugging . however , on some other phones , this will not change the sound that gets played when you plug it in . to actually remove the notification , as previously mentioned , you will need a custom rom to do that for you . [ update ] another option to disable the sound is to go into your sounds settings and set the default notification ringtone to silent and then go to each and every one of your applications that you want to have ringtones in and individually set them up there . i do not recommend this option ( sure would be a pain if you forgot to set a ringtone to work email and missed an important one saying " we need you here asap or you are fired ! " ) , but it is an option nonetheless .
this is part of a core system in android . it can not be disabled unless you have a rom that allows you to disable it . i believe 6 . x versions of cyanogenmod have/had the option to disable it . i am not sure if your phone is supported , and i am not sure if that option is still there ( since my device does not have " official " support currently )
in jelly bean , create links as follows : create a bookmark in your browser . go into apps list and click widgets tab . scroll to bookmarks widget and press and hold , then drop on home screen where desired . when asked , select browser bookmark to associate with bookmark widget . works on atrix2 , ymmv .
a very nice solution i use daily is pocket . several apps support it directly , and for others it is available via the " share " menu . you can think of that like " bookmarks in the cloud " . on the pc , you can access your " pocket bookmarks " via their web service using any browser , or use the pocket addon ( available e.g. for firefox ) . i cannot think of an easier way to share links between the two devices !
numerous alternative solutions here .
it depends on what you would like to achieve . if you want to just send a link from your computer to your android device you have several possibilities : send an email to yourself containing the url . of course you need to have that email account synched on your android phone . then open the mail there and click on the link . admittedly , this is a not very elegant approach another approach is to use chrome2phone . it consists of a mobile app and a google chrome extension that adds a button to your chrome browser . by clicking on that button , a link of the currently open tab will be sent to your mobile phone and directly opened there on the browser . here 's a youtube video that explains how to set it up : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pqb243nimlg if you want to have links on your android homescreen , you may create bookmarks in your android browser and then add them by long-pressing on the homescreen , then choosing " shortcuts " followed by " bookmark "
you can run a jar provided that is a midlet for mobile ( j2me ) there are some jvm available in the market . i used them a lot in the early days of my g1 for some " killer apps " ( opera mini , qq )
update 8/16/2011 minecraft pocket edition is now available in the google play store ! however it seems it will only be available for the sony ericsson 's xperia play . update engadget hands-on of the game here is a video from " sonyericssondev " showing minecraft being played on the xperia play update : it looks like minecraft mobile will be revealed at e3 2011 ( june 7-9 ) . however it will only be available on ' . . . sony ericsson 's playstation-certified xperia play ' at first and then sometime later available for other android devices . sources : gamersutra droidgamers previous posts below while it may not be possible right now , it looks like the developer will eventually bring minecraft to android . androidcentral engadget edit : i found a ' minedroid ' google code page today - i have not tried it myself but under " downloads " there is an apk that was release on feb 25th . i suggest looking at the wiki for instructions on installing and running . edit 2: i found droidcraft just a few minutes ago . while it is not true minecraft the describes it as an " android survival / crafting game inspired by minecraft " . i am downloading now to check it out . game website
i know nothing about minecraft but i can not see how it would be possible without rewriting big chunks of it . even if you can convert the jar to an . apk , there are many java classes that are not part of the android api . furthermore , android does not include awt , swing or java 2d/3d , it has its own ui and graphics apis , so the user interface would need to be rewritten .
android cannot just " run " native java applications . android does not have a java virtual machine . android uses a dalvik virtual machine , which is completely different . while android applications are written in java , it is a " subset " of actual java . so even if you could run the jar files through a " converter " , there is no guarantee the code is actually supported by dalvik .
i do not think you can do it via adb , but you can programmatically change the orientation using.setRequestedOrientation(ActivityInfo.SCREEN_ORIENTATION_LANDSCAPE); you could link this up to a timer that would change the orientation every five minutes if that is what you want to do , or write it into unit tests to automatically check if everything goes ok when you change orientation .
this problem went away after i installed a kernel and rom that was developed more specifically for my particular phone , the sc-02c . the lesson learned was to be really sure before rooting or upgrading that one is working with the exact right rom and kernel .
i have a samsung 42" volume uncontrollable and the red power light flickers . this might not be for everyone , before replacing it with a new one i sprayed the on-off switch for a few days . each day it improved now i have no problem . sonny
many others have had this problem and have overcome it by loading the persist app from google play : audio management made easy - persist puts you in complete control of your audio with a variety of volume controls and settings . presets volume locker - prevent volume changes silent and vibrate modes . . .
you are right in that it theoretically should be possible to make the switch without dropping the signal , but unfortunately we users and even cm developers can do very little to change that . the only thing the rom does is tell the radio to switch from one mode to another , it is up to the radio 's firmware to decide how to make the change . these firmwares are not something you can change , since giving the users the power to change how the radio works is just asking for trouble . the reason why the firmwares lose the signal probably has to do with the fact that when you change the mode , you actually turn off part of the radio that handles the now unused network mode . but when the switch happens because of bad reception the radio that lost signal stays on and continues to search for a signal ( so you can get 3g back after you return to civilization ) .
in stock android 4.0.4 it is available-wcdma only , dual mode , gsm only . but in custom rom 's as aokp they have no wcdma only mode , even in android 4.2.2 aokp version . it is really pathetic when you use internet in dual mode-umts/hsdpa only/hsdpa and hsupa as in aokp android 4.2.2 version because signals tend to reroute to gsm when strength decreases instead of sticking to what is left of hsdpa/wcdma as in wcdma only mode , available in stock android 4.0.4- i am using sgs2 gt-i9100 .
in settings / location settings , uncheck " report from this device " . make also sure to disable google now . seems to do the trick with maps 6.14.1 on jb 4.1.2 .
one part of google maps is a so called " location service " , which kicks in on a couple of intents ( e . g . always when your network connectivity changes -- which happens when you login to a new wifi network , or to a new cell tower ) . it caches your current location to the " location cache " , which should serve to faster provide your current location when needed ( and to update google 's location database , as the cache is contents are submitted in intervals ) . without being rooted , there is not much you can do about . but if your device is rooted , you have several options : use an app like autorun manager pro ( yes , here you need the " pro" ) to disable the listeners which cause it to kick-in 1 use titanium backup ★ root to freeze the app when you do not need it , and un-freeze it on demand 2 which method to prefer ? i personally would go for the second . titanium backup lets you create a widget on your desktop to toggle the " frozen state " of an app , so you can easily switch it on/off . disabling some listeners might work well -- but the app also might start behaving strangely .
do not go to google drive directly . gallery select the files you want to upload share ( icon like branch ) -now you choose google drive and folder . . . click ok and you are in business
firstly , this is assuming you have ics or higher ( not sure if the gallery works this way before then ) . if you open an album , you should be able to long-press on a photo , and then at the top of the screen , where it says 1 selected , press that and you can say ' select all ' . then upload them .
i am getting the same problem and have not encrypted my nexus 7 's storage ( but it is rooted ) . any luck ? i have attempted to update it several times with no success . to reset the " check for updates " and allow you to attempt the update again , try the following : in settings > apps > all ( tab ) , search for google services framework , clear it is data and kill it . then go to settings > about tablet > system update , and it will find the update .
i managed to work it out with the nexus root toolkit in the end . however , i did not get around scrapping the existing contents this way . so what i did was to back up all my data and applications and then flash a new stock rom ( 4.2.1 ) . this worked fine , but it means i needed to re-encrypt the device and restore from the backup whatever i wanted . so it was more tedious than expected , but well worth it in hindsight . especially the multi-user system is worth it for me .
had the same problem . fixed by full reset and manual flash by fastboot , but all data need to backed up and restored . do not flash system partition only , or you will get bootloop ! there is not caused by encription , but maybe by supersu ( not tested , because of rooting-unrootng for me was need more time , than clean install and configure for 2 users ) . p.s. and get ready , what some apps not working with secondary users - i have crashes with tapatalk , for example . . .
to connect any device to your galaxy s3 ( or any other host-capable android device ) , you need a otg host cable . without that host cable , the phone does not know it is supposed to act as the host rather than as a peripheral . this is an example of such a cable . most online retailers carry similar ones .
yes , you need an otg cable . the pin layout is different than a regular micro usb to usb cable ; essentially , it is equivalent to shorting pins 4 and 5 on a normal cable . this is what causes the phone to know that it needs to be the host rather than the slave . in fact , you can do this yourself if you are handy with electronics and have a cable you do not mind taking apart , though they are also readily available at many online retailers ( amazon , newegg , monoprice , etc ) .
where is the application installed the . apk file is put into /data/app ( see : where in the file system are applications installed ? ) where are its preferences stored this depends on the application . if it uses the sharedpreferences classes then they go in /data/data/&lt;app's package name&gt;/shared_prefs , but they could feasibly be stored anywhere the app can write data to ( i.e. . all of /data/data/&lt;app's package name&gt; , the sd card , etc ) . where is information such as usernames and passwords stored this also depends on the app . most often , probably somewhere in /data/data/&lt;app's package name&gt; . they could also use accountmanager apis ( the app must request this permission ) which i believe will use the /data/system/accounts.db database .
one workaround for this seems to be to add a variable state check as additional context for the profile - then adjusting that variable to a different value and back triggers the check . seems like a rather silly way to do it , though . : )
add a time context to your profile . there is a repeat option ( check box ) .
this feature is not available as of now . but you should frequently check the google now app page for such updates . this feature is available on siri though , but that is probably irrelevant right now . in the meantime , you can still get turn by turn navigation to take you home by saying " directions to home " . it would be a good app feature though .
you can search for a contact by saying " open contact " then the person 's name . takes it a few seconds but it shows name numbers and addresses . all of which allow you to tap to call , text or get directions directly from google now .
google now is an extension of the search function , so you could use the search voice function to issue a navigate command . however due to my accent i find that it causes issues . however you can navigate directly to a person via the contact app . when the contact app is open , search for contact you want ( you need to be in the contact tab , not the phone tab - favourites tab will work too ) . press on the person 's picture ( or icon if no picture ) - this will pop up an action bar of everything you can do with the contact , from phoning , e-mailing , facebook etc , and if you have an address for that person , by scrolling the action bar you should see the map icon , which if pressed provides their address in the action box . press the address , choose maps if it is not already your always use . if you have navigation set up to be your standard on the bubble bar press the navigation option , otherwise press on the bubble bar to bring up the address , and choose the navigation option . if directions only option , use that and when directions shows details to get there , use the navigation button on bottom right to go into it .
the reason the op cannot see an app due to a message not available in your country is down to the very simple check on the sim card . each sim card has a carrier identification , and country code identification . when android powers up , the radio interface layer ( ril ) obtains the carrier and network information in which the baseband receives over the air , here is a small subset of an example taken from gingerbread source , apns-conf.xml notice the values for mcc , mnc , for spain for example , in this case , 214 , and 01 , 04 etc , that carrier information is transmitted across to the sim card and internally within android for reference . the play store , reads the phone state , and deduces the carrier information as a measure for " filtering " out apps based on the region/carrier . however , if the sim card is from the country of origin , for example , uk ( this also applies when roaming ) , android " remembers " the mcc and mnc and pushes that aside , and gets replaced with the preferential carrier 's network codes for the said values of mcc and mnc respectively when roaming , for example , spain . ( incidentally , as a side note , that is how auto-update of time-zones are supposedly to work , by looking up the mcc , and timezone , add on x minutes to the clock maintained by android ) . but that is in a nutshell , in how the play store determines what to show for that intended audience based on their respective network . there are work-arounds available , by faking the carrier code is one , market enabler does that exactly that . please see the other answer that was posted in how to get-around the limitations and work-arounds .
the update is cumulative , it will directly be upgraded to 4.4.3 unfortunately the latest update does not address that bug . source
a boot animation is a series of images ( frames ) in a folders ( parts ) . there is a text file ( desc . txt ) that defines the parts , the frame rate , and how many times it loops . a desc . txt looks like this : 480 427 30 p 1 0 part0 p 0 10 part1  the first like is the height and width , then the number of frames per second the next 2 lines define the parts that will " play " . the " p " indicates the line is a " part " the next digit is the number of times to repeat , 0 = infinite next is the pause , this is the delay before it starts the next " part " ( or frame if looping ) after the last frame in the part completes . finally , is the name of the part ( the folder name where the frames are ) inside each part your png images will " play " in order , so what ever you name them , just make sure they are ordered how you want them to " play " . for example , frame001 . png , frame002 . png . i added the extra 0 's because if i have more then 10 frames , the order may be mixed up . the boot animation is then put in a zip archive with " store " compression , with desc . txt at the root of the archive . the file is named bootanimation . zip , and placed in /system/media/ ( you need to remount as rw ) or you can place it in /data/local on some devices ( should work on cm7 ) . when the boot animation is in /data/local , it will take precedence over /system/media , this way the " default " can stay on the device unharmed .
from wikipedia : 720p is the shorthand name for a category of hdtv video modes having a resolution of 1280×720 ( for a total of 0.92 megapixels or 921,600 pixels ) and a progressive scan . the number 720 stands for the 720 horizontal scan lines of display resolution ( also known as 720 pixels of vertical resolution ) , while the letter p stands for progressive scan or non-interlaced . when broadcast at 60 frames per second , 720p features the highest temporal ( motion ) resolution possible under the atsc and dvb standards . the samsung galaxy s is capable of recording 720p video from it is rear-facing camera . the nexus s is not ( max resolution of 720x480 ) .
its referring to the resolution that the video camera can record video in . 720p ( 1280×720 ) is a high definition resolution . apparently the maximum video resolution of the nexus s is only 720x480 which is standard definition . many new android handsets have the ability to record hd video which is why it would be something to complain about with the nexus s .
open the default messaging application , click the menu button and then settings . scroll down and disable notifications .
you can turn off notification in your stock messaging application by going into the settings dialog ( menu button -> settings ) and unchecking notifications
the clearest answer i have seen is here : http://www.droidforums.net/forum/droid-applications/8328-how-guide-disable-double-notifications-when-using-handcent-sms.html quoting : open the " messaging " from the app drawer push the " menu " button ( the 2nd button from left on the bottom of your droid click settings scroll down and uncheck " notifications " to futher disable the mssaging app you can uncheck " auto-retrieve" ( this prevents the " messaging " app from even downloading messages . exit the app . rejoice . live long and prosper . yay !
yes , it does cost you more power . the transceiver circuit is engineered with power saving in mind and will reduce sending power as much as possible if the reception is good . this also reduces the sar value which is a measurement for exposure of the human body to radiation . if the reception is bad sending signal strength has to be adjusted accordingly . additionally : the underlying protocols are also designed to retransmit packages in case of a corrupted transmission . this might have an extra impact on your battery too .
cell signal to add to ce4 's answer : you can check that for yourself . if you take a look at your battery stats ( they are always at a little different place in the system menu : sometimes in the main menu , other times under phone info ) , it lists the apps which used most of your battery . one of the highest consumers in there is most likely your display -- and close to it you will find an item cell standby ( sometimes called phone standby ) . this describes how much battery was used to " keep the signal " . check that in times of good reception versus those of bad reception and see how much it differs . network stuff this can even be " multiplied " if you have many apps running services to poll information from the net permanently -- like email apps using imap idle , or some social chat app keeping a push connection . it looks like the same is happening here : it tries hard to keep the connection , and thus pushes the cell radio further . due to the bad reception , the connection gets slow , and those services keep longer " wake locks " ( keeping the cpu alive to complete their task ) , which again eats battery . how to find out if your reception was good ? the system does in fact provide this information ( at least from android 2.3/gingerbread on ) , in the very same battery statistics mentioned before . on top of the first page you find a small graph 1 : tap on it , it brings up a bigger one 2 . the screenshots are in german , but you still can tell the details : in the first 1 , you see the cell standby titled " mobilfunk-standby " right next to the display , as said before . on top of that is mentioned " mini-graph " . that tapped brings you to the page where you find the second image 2 at the bottom . here take a look at the first graph , titled telefonsignal ( phone signal ) . " the greener the cleaner": a bright green means " good reception " ( the screenshot shows this at the begin and end , that is here : morning and evening -- so at home i have good reception ) . getting yellowish : " moderate reception " . this uses more energy : compare it with the graph on top of it ( not in the screenshot -- but the same as in the first screenshot ) , and you see the bar is almost flat where the cell signal is good -- but falls faster where it is not . see the little red spots : " no reception " . and phone will power-up like crazy to find a new cell tower . . . how to find out where the dead spots are ? here we need to use 3rd party tools . i will mention two of them here : no signal alert 3 and opensignalmaps 4 . both can alert you when entering a " dead zone": no signal alert lets you view a log of cell state changes , plus can show you a map of where the dead zones were 3 . opensignalmaps has the plus of showing you all cell towers in reach 4 , pointing out which you are connected to . it also offers you a " compass " giving the direction to the strongest signal . how to automatically deal with those dead zones ? there are some little helpers available which watch your signal . if it drops or gets lost , they simply switch the radio off ( so it cannot further power up searching a non-existing signal ) -- and periodically activate it again to check whether the situation has improved . one of them is battery saver 5 , which also lets you define profiles so you can easily switch other things like wifi . then there are more powerful " automaters " like e.g. greenpower free battery saver 6 , which even manage a lot more . and these two are not the only ones . . .
yes , you can spy on your son 's phone without him knowing with the help of mspy mobile tracking software . i have been using this spying app for watching my kids to be sure that they are where they supposed to be . through this tracking app you can spy on his text messages , calls , every activity on his cell phone . another thing regarding privacy - as you are really concerned about your son and you take care of him , you have the right to monitor his sms messages . i think mspy software will help you .
not exactly to your phone , but there are several " child care " apps available in the playstore which can be used to monitor activities . take e.g. a look at care4teem , best parental control android , or parentalflux parental control . most of these kind of solutions offer a dashboard on the provider 's website , where you can check logged acitivities such as calls , messages , etc . some additional monitor the location and even allow for " geo-fencing " ( sending you an alert when the kid leaves the " permitted zone" ) .
a similar approach to the one suggested by bassmadrigal would be to use the app sms backup + that ' backs up ' sms to a gmail account . you can then view them via gmail on any device .
i use desksms on my phone , which will forward all texts to an email address of my choosing ( which could then be received on another phone ) and also allow responding through email , but it will appear to that person as a standard text from your phone . i found it really handy when i was working in a secured office that did not allow personal cell phones . i could leave my phone in my car and still be notified of any texts and still respond to them , and the person would not have any idea i was using email to respond . in using it on your son 's device , it is relatively easy to disable , so if your son does not want you to see things and is technologically inclined , he could probably find ways around it . but i think if the kid is smart enough , just about any app is able to be bypassed . it is not made for monitoring , but it would work just the same . i believe there is a $5 yearly charge ( i am pretty sure it comes with a 30 day trial ) , because of the costs involved in running the server that processes everything .
the android developers web site has the new features for users and developers listed under the " android 3.2 platform " . digging into that page , under the revisions heading it lists "3.2 , revision 1" as the only revision . i would guess that this would be the 3.2.1 update then . new user features optimizations for a wider range of tablets android 3.2 includes a variety of optimizations across the system to ensure a great user experience on a wider range of tablet devices . compatibility zoom for fixed-sized apps android 3.2 introduces a new compatibility zoom mode that gives users a new way to view fixed-sized apps on larger devices . the new mode provides a pixel-scaled alternative to the standard ui stretching for apps that are not designed to run on larger screen sizes , such as on tablets . the new mode is accessible to users from a menu icon in the system bar , for apps that need compatibility support . media sync from sd card on devices that support an sd card , users can now load media files directly from the sd card to apps that use them . a system facility makes the files accessible to apps from the system media store .
motorola 's xoom support forums has a thread that is updated when updates go out , and contains links to the lists of changes in the updates which ( for us wifi xooms ) is here . according to that two software updates have gone out in the last few weeks , htk55d and htk75d the first contains security updates , the second updates to included apps . specifically they contain : htk55d platform security fixes : diginotar certificate revocation the security fix removes a compromised root certificate authority ( ca ) . libpng security update libpng has been updated to version 1.2.46 to correct for multiple publicly-known security issues . htk75d android™ market has been updated . android™ books has been updated .
the apk is the app . installing an app on someone 's phone is itself giving them the apk , so it is a nonsense to talk about installing the app without giving them the apk . it is analogous to asking if you can run a program on a windows machine without giving them the exe file . if you instead want to install an app on someone 's phone without them being able to copy the app to a different phone , the author of the app needs to use an anti-piracy library ( a . k.a. " licensing service" ) to stop the app when it is run on an unauthorized phone . as programming questions are off-topic on this site , i will not discuss that further .
the way most developers do it is through an application distribution service ( google play , amazon appstore . . . ) . but if you are not ready to publish those options may not seem like good ones . so your alternate option would be to install over adb , done either over a cable or network .
provided you have physical access to the device , you can manually install your app by doing the following : install android sdk tools from this page ( download for other platforms → sdk tools only . ) install usb drivers for the phone ( usually from manufacturer 's site . ) turn on usb debugging on the phone ( in settings → developer options ) connect the phone via usb ( you can also do this over wi-fi with a number of apps if the phone is rooted . ) open command prompt or terminal and navigate to the " platform-tools " sub-directory of where you installed the sdk tools . issue the following command : adb install path_to_apk\your_app.apk keep in mind though that you are still essentially " letting them have " the apk , since the installation simply copies the apk file to the appropriate directory on the phone ( usually /data/app or /data/app-private ) and registers it with android 's package manager . a knowledgeable enough user can still retrieve the apk .
looks like your tab thinks it is charging from a usb socket all the time , i would advise to get it checked under warranty , or you could try to let the battery run completely out and then recharge . also , check the usb port for debris and clean if necessary .
if it is a wall charger with plugs that match your outlets , the input range should be covered . normal usb chargers are 5 v at up to 1.8 ma . the voltage is the main concern -- standard usb ports for pcs only go up to 900 ma , which is why they charge slower . you can see the usb power specs on wikipedia : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/usb#power ( in sum , any usb charger that you can trust to do what it says on its specs should work fine . a crappy no-name charger might lie , but two samsung chargers should be 100% interchangeable . )
boot up your phone using power button and volume down button together . you will get something called hboot . now using your volume buttons , goto recovery mode listed on the screen . press the trackpad button to reach recovery mode .
this post should ( or might ) help : gmail 's delete button is not gone , it is just hiding . edit : as per the url , follow the steps below : hit the menu button , and go to settings . then , go to general settings . you should see the option below at the top of the list - archive and delete actions . right now , it should be set to " show archive only " tap it , and you get three options - archive only , delete only , and archive and delete . the third option gets rid of the ' move to folder ' action . choose the one you want ( probably the second or third ) , and you are set to go - your little trash icon will return . note : if you still want to swipe to delete , you must select ' delete only ' from the actions menu above .
from wikipedia , fota is an acronym for firmware over-the-air . it is used for upgrades to mobile phones and pdas .
fota - firmware over-the-air this is the update sent to the os via your service provider ( for 3g/gprs/edge . . ) or wifi . it will download an image of the new firmware from the server and install it after you accept .
fota is the short form of firmware over the air . . . . . it is the concept through which we update our smart phone only it need wifi or 3g internet connectivity .
nope , at least not as of now . you can factory reset your device to remove the first account you set up ( on some devices , you can just remove all the accounts without the reset ) and then add the other one first , if you would like to use it instead . but if you actively want to use both , you are stuck .
no ! your google account is not stored locally on your device . it will still be available on any other device and on any other desktop browser you choose to use !
not recommended . you will more than likely run into issues and just eventually have to wipe and reset anyway .
what you are describing is what is known as a " dirty flash " which is a no-no ! especially from aosp to cm and vice-versa , could lead all sorts of force closes etc . likewise , [ a particular custom rom ( insert of your choice ) ] to another but different [ custom rom ( insert of your choice ) ] and vice-versa . the only time a dirty flash can be performed if going from cm nightly to the latest nightly , or [ custom rom ] to a more recent version of same [ custom rom ] , theoretically , although no guarantees that everything will work " proper " . occasionally force-closes will be exhibited or some " weirdness " will manifest , hence no guarantees . really , if going from one rom to another - best to wipe cache/data completely provided a backup has been done in the first place : ) why not use a backup tool such as titanium backup or the basic backup tools found on the play store in the event you are not rooted ? : )
bit of a kludge , but you could create a web page which sends you to wikipedia and has an icon according to your taste , and bookmark that .
this is a slightly convoluted workaround , but you could use my app showr . it lets you add any image to your home screen , and one of the actions it can perform is launching a web page of your choice when clicked . you could add a showr widget to your home screen , set it to use any wikipedia icon of your choice ( whether it is already saved to your phone , or by giving it the url of an icon to download ) , and set it to launch wikipedia ( in your browser ) when clicked . showr is a free download from google play .
looks like the external keyboard helper app lets me switch layouts of an external usb keyboard on my nexus 7 , no root access needed .
i have a similar issue trying to get my physical keyboard to work with dvorak . i came across the following links : http://www.mjvanderwielen.com/?p=1321 http://jahrome.free.fr/index.php/keyboard-mapping-android-htc-desire?lang=en these essentially describe how to create your own keyboard mapping file . you had need root access to do this . i have not tried this myself though ( yet . )
apparently , android 4.1 has built-in support for changing the layout of usb and bluetooth keyboards , /and/ allows users to install custom layouts without root . not much use for devices without jellybean , but it is good to know that up-to-date devices do not have this issue anymore . https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=17119
as a partial solution . . . i have had some success with extkeyboardremapper ( aka laurent2o1o keyboard ) . i successfully swapped q with a by following the translated french instructions . i have not got as far as creating a full layout , but i wonder if i could just copy layouts from somewhere in ubuntu . edit : on ubuntu and probably most other linux systems , these files are found in : /usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/  for non-linux users , here 's the web repo of the source : http://cgit.freedesktop.org/xkeyboard-config/tree/symbols?h=2.2-branch the files are not directly compatible with extkeyboardremapper , but they can serve as a guide for making the k2g.cfg file . colemak and dvorak can be found in the us file , other files such as gb just amend the us version it seems . edit : using the x11 keyboard layout files as a guide , i made a k2g.cfg for colemak , to complete my solution . here 's how to use it : mkdir /sdcard/keyremap  make this file : /sdcard/keyremap/s2k.cfg 86 =&gt; 773  this is because android does not seem to have a keycode for &lt;LSGT&gt; , so let 's call it 773 for now . make this file : /sdcard/keyremap/k2g.cfg the prepended 0 's effectively comment out the line . i have commented out all but the necessary lines due to this bug , but if the bug gets fixed , or you use the altgr characters more than ctrl shortcuts , then just uncomment them . us users can cut the uk extension at the end , others will have to replace it with their own . if you really want to duplicate your backspace key , you need to add this line to s2k.cfg: 58 =&gt; 67  . . . but you may find that the backspace function is merely added to the capslock key . now just install extkeyboardremapper , enable it , and select it !
according to the first android related link on the front page of http://colemak.com/ the anysoftkeyboard app ( market link ) is their main recommendation for android phones . one of the bullet points in the featuireslist on their home page is : physical keyboard is supported as-well . it sounds like that could do the job for you ?
as eldarerathis mentioned , you need to charge the tablet using the charging adapter rather than usb . the a500 has 2 usb ports . a regular one , like you had find on a laptop , for connecting usb devices to the tablet ( memory sticks , for example ) , and a micro usb port for connecting the tablet to a computer . make sure you are using the micro usb port . ( your mileage may still vary - the support site is not very forthcoming on using the tablet with a mac )
you should be able to do this by going to Settings => Repeat while the video is playing and enable it . ( source )
the stock video player on the s3 does not have this functionality . you can achieve it by installing another video app such as vlc for android .
depending on your phone / software , there should be an option somehwere in the camera app , something about geotagging or storing location data ( being the same thing ) . ( just open the camera app , click menu and scroll through the settings ) as far as app permissions are concerned : does your app really need your location ? most likely not . maps , navigation , gps tools , geocaching tools , foursquare and pretty much any app that is designed to and downloaded because of their handling of location data all need the fine location ( well , to be fair , foursquare does not as long as you do not use it as a substitute for google places ) . just ask yourself : does the new version of angry birds really need to know where i am ? nah . from then on it is just one of two things : either you ignore the permissions since your really like that app , or you stick by your principles and do not download the app . however , to be safe , simply disable gps when you are not really using it anyway ( for navigation or something ) , once gps is disabled , apps will not get your fine location , only your estimated location based on last know location or wifi triangulation or whatever is used to get your estimated location via wifi .
is it safe to allow any application to access these things ? no . there are malicious apps . are there any clues as to which apps are safe and which are not ? not really , unless you look at the source code . generally , you can trust popular , well-rated apps to not be malicious . they might be collecting your info for use in ads , though , and so on . if any info is ever sent from an app to a company 's servers , they can use and abuse that data . if you do not trust a company ( including trusting their internal security protocols and ability to maintain security , etc . ) then do not trust their app . you can use an app like droidwall to ensure that apps that do not need it cannot access the network ; that does not guarantee that they will not delete data on your phone and that sort of thing , but it will guarantee that your data stays private ( unless droidwall is malicious or defective , which i do not think it is , or can be worked around ) .
there is a setting in the camera for geo location . go into the camera settings and there should be an option in there . as for apps that use fine location and whether it is safe , its not always safe . it depends on the developer . some developers choose to enable the fine location for location based advertising even if the actual app does not require it . you can not really tell if it is safe or not or whether it is necessary it mainly comes down to common sense and whether or not you trust the developer . a way to stop the app using location is to disable the phones gps which an be found in the settings . hope this helps
i do not have your phone model on hand to try , but you can give this link a shot . generally , just go to settings > security > check make passwords visible . this is true for my phone ( htc desire , bcm 4.0.4 ) . hope it works for you .
seems like your office network team had block your mobile from accessing internet . there is nothing to do with your device issue . if your device connects to wifi excepts your office wifi then this is not your device issue . if you want to start it again contact your network team .
you may want to try 3rd-party keyboard apps that support transliteration of physical keyboards . i have previously used anysoftkeyboard , and with the appropriate language pack ( e . g . french with has the azerty layout ) it will transliterate physical keyboard as well .
if you are running an os between 4.0 and 4.3 , you can just use vroot to do it .
i . before you begin : rooting voids the warranty of your device ( until you unroot it ) . please charge your device to have at least 60% of battery life download root package from http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1936878 download and place the root package file onto your desktop . do not extract it . connect your device to your pc using the usb cable . copy the root package file over to the sd card of your device . once done , disconnect the device from your pc . turn off the device . reboot the device into stock recovery . to do so , press and hold the volume down+home+power buttons together . once inside the recovery , choose apply update from sdcard . select the root package ( update . zip ) you copied earlier to the device . be patient and let it root the device . once done , reboot the device . you’re good to go ! brilliant ! you now have root access on your galaxy chat b5330 device
i solved my problem by connecting my phone to usb and pressing vol up + cam + power for await my pc recognize the device . after that , i use acer tools to flash my device with the bin of android
from what i have read , the only photos that are backed up are those in the folder named " dcim/camera " , which should include photos from your camera . if you move other photos there ( e . g . downloaded , etc . ) , they should be backed up .
the manufacturer is trying to help you . walking around taking photos with a tablet makes you look like a twerp , so they try to discourage you by not putting a good quality camera in there . that might be a slightly silly answer , but it is not entirely untrue . taking photos with your phone is really popular these days , because you always have your phone with you . the quality of the phone camera is therefore a big selling point , and manufacturers compete on that . it is much less common to take photos with a tablet : not just because you look like a twit holding it up , but because people do not take a tablet with them on a night out , or a bike ride . tablets are mainly for using at home on the couch , or in bed , at the office , or on a long train ride . the cameras on tablets are mainly targeted at scanning qr codes , and maybe doing a little video calling over the internet . for this reason , the camera quality is not such a selling point , and it makes more sense for manufacturers to spend the budget on other factors that consumers rate , such as the screen , the ram , and the processing power .
use the built-in People app to see those contacts . or , you can use third-party apps like contacts + .
try adding another contacts application like touchpal contacts . the contacts and/or people app is part of the google suite of apps . perhaps the manufacturer of your tablet did not bundle it with your device or it might have been deleted somehow .
as mentioned in my question there is a " contacts " app already listed under settings > apps > all , but there is no way to directly launch this . there is no related contacts/people app icon on the apps page . i have accessed this " contacts " app at least once in the past , via another application , but i cannot remember how i did this . anyway . . . a workaround . . . i installed resizable contacts widget ics . this is a very small/simple app that provides a widget that you can place on the home screen to give quick access to one ( or more ) of your contacts . tap the contact/widget and a contact summary pops up . tap the contact summary and it opens the full contact app from which i can search and manage all my ( gmail ) contacts . solution dan kindly emailed me this solution for how to access this mysterious contacts app from within your mail app - no third party apps required . at the top of any incoming email ( using google mail app or the android mail app ) in the big blue bar at the top you will see the sender ( picture or icon ) and sender 's address . if you click on the senders picture or icon there will be a pop-up with details on that contact . in the pop-up , just under the picture to the right there will be a small " head and shoulders " icon . click that , and voila ! you are in the contacts app . the sender needs to already be in your contacts for this to work , otherwise you get prompted , ' add "xyz@example.com" to contacts ' ? as dan admits , this is " still back assward " , but it would seem to be the most viable solution so far for what has proved to be a rather common problem !
apparently , this is also an animation issue . according to an answer for my dialer app , setting the animation to . 5x fixes a lot of spacing/hiding issues on the phone . to fix it , do the following : go to Settings &gt; Developer Options change Animator Duration Scale to 0.5x many props to abid rahman k for figuring it out !
there are several ways you could accomplish that : if you have sufficient free storage available , archiving the contents ( zip , tar , whatever other archiver ) and then copying the archive file would be a way . pulling the archive would change the archive file 's timestamp , but contents would be preserved as-is , and restored with their original timestamps . this could be done either from a terminal app , or via adb shell . on one device i have checked , tar and gzip are available , and even bzip2 . successfully tested on another one , and adapted to your specifications : tar czf backup.tar.gz /storge/sdcard0 run from a location with sufficient space would create the archive , which you then could pull . you could utilize a sync app like foldersync , and simply sync all the contents to your computer ( via sftp , samba/windows-share , or any of the other supported protocols ) . after having formatted the storage , you could sync it back the very same way . if your device supports an external sdcard , you could copy your files over there , which also should preserve timestamps there might be even other possibilities , but these are the ones coming to my mind first .
firefox supports kerberos authentication i believe . you need to change the settings in About -&gt; config
no , it does not . unfortunately all the major android browsers that i know of -- firefox , opera , dolphin , skyfire -- do not appear to support it either . firefox does support ntlm , and i would expect it to support kerberos sooner or later .
there is no way to do this natively in the settings of android , as you have noticed . however , there is an app on the android market called " wifi static " that should help you with what you are looking for .
android currently does not support usb audio paths . you can use usb audio if you have a nexus 5 with android l preview . otherwise you are out of luck .
if you need an external microphone , and your device does not support usb audio ( as hiemanshu 's answer suggests ) : a work-around would be using a microphone with the 3.5" audio jack . as headsets use that successfully , it should work . i have never tried , so theoretically a side-effect could be sound output gets blocked whith the device assuming you have got a headset plugged in . if that is the case , there are apps available to control where which audio is routed to . you can find some in this list .
kies allows backups , but not the application settings , only limited content such as contacts , bookmarks , music , photo and videos . you can see the kies tutorial on backup : open kies v2.0 , " help menu-> kies tutorial-> backup and restore mobile phone data " section for details and a movie . you can also try mybackup free from market , which does not require root . wish you luck !
first : as you did a backup including all your apps , you cannot restore a single app from it easily 1 ( adb restore is an all-or-nothing ; either you restore the entire backup , or nothing – there are no parameters to specify parts to be restored ) . second : if you had create separate backups ( one per app ) , a restore should be possible across devices and android versions ( at least " upwards " , i.e. backup made on the same or lower android version as you want to restore it to ) . i have done that multiple times successfully , even across different brands and android versions , in this way . though that is not a guarantee : ) 1 there are tools available to decode/split files created by adb backup , especially for that reason : to be able to restore a single app if you did not think of that when creating the mega-backup .
do not know if you figured this out or not , but titanium backup has a feature where you can import an adb backup and then from there restore individual apps or all apps . only down side , titanium backup does need root . that being said , i think it is worth it . for details : http://www.titaniumtrack.com/kb/titanium-backup-kb/titanium-backup-howtos.html#backup-without-root in case that link goes away : connect your device and make sure its listed with the following command : adb devices run a full backup with the following command : adb backup -f fullbackup . ab -apk -all this will create a “package” called “fullbackup . ab” on the current location in your command prompt . this is your backup package . now you can root your phone . once finished rooting , insert the “fullbackup . ab” package on your sdcard hit the menu button and look for “extract from adb backup” option . this will prompt you to search for the file . use the file manager that you installed earlier and navigate to the directory and select the fullbackup . ab file . now restore like as if the backup was made with titanium backup . don’t forget to make a fresh copy of the backup using titanium backup . you’re done !
to partially answer my own question , the cid is a unique identifier assigned to the sd card at manufacture time . it is stored in a special register which is accessed using the SEND_CID command . from page 93 of part 1 physical layer simplified specification : the card identification ( cid ) register is 128 bits wide . it contains the card identification information used during the card identification phase . every individual read/write ( rw ) card shall have a unique identification number . the cid therefore does not change when the card is formatted , and will be reported the same regardless of which device the card is plugged into . the card does have an mbr partition table , and the goldcard image is inserted into the code area of the mbr ( between 0x000 and 0x1b7 ) . there is therefore no direct interaction with the fat32 filesystem . the first 128 bytes of the image are null however , and so it does not seem to actually be executable .
seems like you are trying to play files with the default music player . just try using some other music player from the google play store . if that does not help , then i guess you should check your files . maybe there is something in the files that is preventing android to behave the way it should . just guessing .
i could see an app named cardio grapher in google play store , which claims features like " user specific heart rate training zones " and " audio alerts when entering and exiting training zones " , which indeed fits your need . screenshots : features : live graphs of your heart rate over the last 1 , 10 and 120 minutes . user specific heart rate training zones , helping you get the most you can from your training . estimates calories burnt using heart rate , age , body mass and sex . audio alerts when entering and exiting training zones . can be set to keep the phone 's screen on when in use . overridable screen orientation : i.e. you can make cardio grapher ignore android 's orientation sensors and stay in portrait or landscape mode - handy if you were to mount it on bike handlebars and find it flips when cornering .
apparently this post suggests that the proximity sensor and touchpads currently do not work with cm9 . this may be fixed in a later release , but i would hold off for the moment .
gps works fine in a case or pocket . you do need a generally unobstructed view ( from a radio perspective , not necessarily a visible perspective ) of the sky ( no trees/buildings/etc . in the way , but thin barriers , like say a tent , will not present a problem . ) in order to pick up the gps signals from the satellites . ideally , you should have as clear and as wide a view of the sky as possible . ideal conditions would be standing in a flat empty field with visibility to the horizon in all directions . narrow that view of the sky by adding buildings and trees and your ability to obtain an accurate lock starts to degrade and you get more and more error in your position , until such point where you can not get an accurate lock ( or in extreme cases , like being in a deep basement or similar , any lock at all ) at all .
make sure this is not a dns issue . in the browser try navigating to the website by its ip address as opposed to the name . on your computer open command prompt and type in ping google.com and press enter . the 4 numbers 1-3 digits long separated by dots is the ip address ( e . g . 74.125.113.106 ) . now on the phone open up the browser , and in the navigation bar type in "http://" followed by the ip address you got from your computer ( e . g . http://74.125.113.106 ) and press the go key . if the website loads - your phone has a bad dns entry . the market has several apps for changing phone 's default dns .
if you want to open google now you have to press the home button for a couple of seconds . in my case google now opens after one second or so . but it could be that , if you have not opened google now before , it can take some more time . another possibility is that your google search version is not the latest available version . at this moment i have version 2.2.10.546669 on my phone , which supports google now ( january 7th , 2013 ) .
it seems that you have a version of google search that does not include google now . the easiest way to fix this would be to install a new version of the google search app . i have linked to the googlenow apk below so that you can install the version i had on my device . this should then allow you to access google now by pressing the google search option in the app drawer , or using the quick search bar on the default launcher . googlenow . apk
i uninstalled google search updates then updated again . it works fine now .
tl ; dr : have you tried with another sd card already ? have you tried the sd card on another phone ? try formatting the sd card and resetting the phone . maybe there is some problem with a file on the sd card , that is not recognized by your computer , but that your phone does not like . maybe you could try to format your sd card , so that everything is removed ( also the possibly bad file ) . or check if you have the same problem on your phone with another sd card . could be that this does not fix your problem , then i would suggest you try to reset your phone ( do not forget to take a backup of course ) . and see if you still have the problem . if this ( formatting sd + resetting phone ) also does not help , then i am out of ideas . maybe then there is something wrong with your hardware , but i hope one of the above will fix the problem .
" online " means that viber is running in the foreground or background ( the user is available for calls or messages ) . when the phone has no internet connection , or the user manually used the " exit " option inside viber , this changes their status to " last online at . . . " in some cases , depending on the mobile kernel and software , the user uses something like power saving mode , so after the idle time , the wifi is turned off or some background application is turn off . . . so viber is turned off , your bf 's viber state is also offline .
the touchwiz memo app has been ported to ics , you can grab it on xda ( this is in the vibrant xda forum sub-section , but it works on other phones ) . this app works on jb too , you simply have to install it as a regular apk ( not in system/app )
there is not a native notes app for the nexus s because it does not have touchwiz ui . i am quite certain the voice action ' note to self ' actually sends an email to yourself ( i do not personally use that action , not sure it likes a british accent ) there are loads of third party apps though . for example scribb . it is full to the bursting with features , ak notepad is quite a good simple one or evernote has a strong following and quite a few more features .
the xda wiki entry of the nexus 7 only mentions two models : wifi model : me370t cellular model : me370tg so if you have a functional sim card slot then you have the cellular model , otherwise the wifi-only one .
you can take a look at www.whatsappmigrator.com ( free )
there is no simple way of doing so , you have to do a lot of technical mumble-jumble for this . caution :: do not install whatsapp on your android device beforehand . if you are ready then : [ i have not tried this with mac , this works fine in pc ( win ) and linux ] connect your iphone to the system ( pc ) do not start itunes . if starts automatically then close it . open command prompt ( run : cmd ) or terminal . now here is the tricky part , you have to search for a folder named " whatsapp " . you have to use command line " dir " - to see visible contents of the current folder . " dir\a " - to see all contents ( including the hidden and system ) of the current folder . " cd [ folder ] " - change directory ( change folder to ) . copy the folder " whatsapp " to your system by using copy [ source ] [ destination ] . now simply connect your android phone and copy that folder in the primary usb storage ( memory card ) . now install whatsapp , authorise it and it will ask you to restore backup . do it and you are done .
i am going to assume that , as suggested in the comments , brightness is ( for some reason ) one of the settings that gets wiped when the sim is swapped .
if it is a hardware issue you might be able to get the results you want with an app i found called headset button controller . it is a couple of bucks in the market but there is a trial version as well that they suggest you use for testing . here 's the trial version .
the iphone volume buttons are not supported by the android framework . if you want to control the volume you will need headphones like these in combination with an app like headset droid .
tl:dr - the play/pause button is supported and works ( fairly ) well . the volume buttons are definitely not supported . i have an og incredible , and klipsch s4i headset . the mic works and the play/pause button works . the volume buttons do not . you can remap the play/pause button with headset droid as was mentioned before . unfortunately , the performance of the headset button is frustratingly inconsistent , especially if you have apps that attempt to listen for the headset button intent ( amazon mp3 , poweramp , google listen , etc ) . when an app is running and playing a media file , it will generally deal with the headset button press in the way it is configured , but not always ( sometimes instead of pausing the currently playing media file , it will launch another app that listens for the intent and start it playing ) . google listen is especially badly-behaved on my phone , not surprising since it is been abandonded . my advice is get a headset you like ( the klipsch headset produces really excellent sound , especially compared with the apple and htc offerings ) and play around with the different apps .
definitely supported by android , and i would be incredibly surprised if the incredible did not support volume control . i had no problem using the volume control buttons in the headset i bought for my g1 . i bought mine on ebay for $7 , it has no branding but was marketed as explicitly for the g1 . it uses the usb plug , not the 3.5mm plug . you might need a usb headset . there is something specific about apple 's 3.5mm jacks that does not play well with non-apple devices . something about the placement of the insulating plastic bands . it is described in the answer to : why can&#39 ; t i use my iphone headphones with my htc thunderbolt ? so it would not surprise me if a headset from your iphone with a 3.5mm jack would not work on your incredible . but if you buy a headset manufactured for the incredible ( ebay and amazon appear to have plenty ) and the volume controls still do not work , the problem is probably your device .
i found the solution : check the virtualbox version and go to their website and update the extension pack . this is on a fedora 20 system and after updating the virtualbox " extension pack " and uninstalling all the all the " universal serial bus controllers " drivers in " device manager " of the guest ( windows 7 ) , and then shutting down the guest and rebooting the host . everything is back to normal and working . yei
no it is not possible . even if you send him a message without him adding you as a contact the first thing he will see is your number .
if you want to go the wireless route i would recommend wi-fi file explorer pro . just make a tethered wifi network ( or be on the same router ) use the app on your phone to get a local ip and transfer all files directly . it needs no installation on your computer ; just install it on your phone and use it .
i have a galaxy nexus with android 4 ( ics ) and my company uses wpa2 enterprise . use phase 2 authentication " mschapv2" plus your user name and password . that worked perfectly for me .
i have just checked on my galaxy nexus , and yes there is an option for wpa enterpise ( 802.1x eap ) with eap methods : peap tls ttls and phase-2 authentication types : none pap mschap mschapv2 gtc you can use an identity with a passphrase , or certificates while i am running a custom rom , i am almost 100% positive this is in stock , as i could do the same on my nexus one running 2.3
in supporting the answer , i shall refer to the checking on the wi-fi alliance site . look in : filter by company , select ( show all ) from drop-down box . filter products by primary category , select smartphone , multi-mode ( wi-fi and other ) from drop-down box . filter products by secondary category , select ( show all ) from drop-down box . put into the box , cid# , wfa11867 and click on submit , the certificate for the galaxy nexus i9250 will be shown , after the search is completed , and can be found here
i had neither android 4.0 nor uses wpa2 enterprise , but according to this tutorial , it is possible to connect to wpa2 enterprise , even though there is no indication about the support in the ui . the underlying wifi stack have always supported wpa2 enterprise , as it uses the wpa supplicant , only that there is not yet any support in the configuration gui . i do not know if android 4.0 have a new gui that might support wpa2 enterprise .
there is an application on the android market/play store called " leap wifi free " . install it and you can now configure all your leap protected wifi networks . tested with android 4 and samsung nexus :- )
free app called " wifi connection " allowed connection to my corp 's hidden network , 802.1x , peap , mschapv2 , no ca cert . " leap wifi free " did not . running galaxy s3 ( vzw ) , stock ics . 4.04
keep in mind that the options are available with the stock samsung galaxy nexus , but unfortunately they do not always work , depending on the various security settings with the corporate network . in fact , my corporate wireless network worked just fine on android 3.0 honeycomb , but now that i have upgrade to 4.0 on my xoom it is not working again . i also cannot connect my samsung galaxy nexus to the wireless network , even though the same settings worked just fine on my xoom running honeycomb .
for some reason this just worked itself out . one day i did " update phonebook " in the bluetooth menu , and then everyone showed up . before that , i thought i was going to have to remove my wife , brother , mom , etc , from favorites to get them to show up in the car 's bluetooth menu . so , if this happens to you , try " update phonebook " in your vw/audi bluetooth menu .
dan hulme was correct . i did indeed have an application called " foreca weather " and it created the logs . it is been several days since i would uninstalled the app , and the problem have not showed up again . previously i had this application for a year and did not see any such issue till the recent update they had .
you need to create a port forwarding to your android device . this can be done with adb . for example : run adb forward tcp:12345 tcp:23456 and then use the uri http://localhost:12345 to access the server running on port 23456 in the emulator . note that some ports are reserved for android and some can only be used after rooting , so i would suggest using high ports ( > 20000 ) if you can .
i never tried it but applications can access usb through the following api since android 3.1 . to confirm this there are devices with infrared that you plug to usb in your phone to use it as universal remote control .
try to use this : a new application has been developed for sending file and consumes less time . read more in http://eviltek.blogspot.in/2013/12/how-tosend-large-file-with-high-speed.html this application is all in one which includes application , photo , videos etc
if es file explorer doesnt work , i suggest that you use superbeam : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.majedev.superbeam it uses wifi direct technology to transfer files at wifi speeds , and the wifi direct connection is initialized by scanning a qr code generated by the app of by touching them together with nfc on . you can " share " the file with superbeam and opening the app starts the reciever end of the communication
if you open es explorer select the file you want to share then click more " has the 3 dots vertical " and select send " has a image of a phone with a double sided arrow " it will scan and find the device . select the device and share . this is the only way i was able to get es file explorer to work with sharing . i am sharing between my note 3 and nexus 7 ( 2012 ) .
it looks like the issue was in either jellybean 4.1 or samsung 's supporting software . i have upgraded the tablet to the official 4.2 firmware and have had no recurrences of the problem described above .
if there is a ics rom available for the droid x , it should run on a device with 512mb . the minimum requirements for ics specified by cyanogenmod team is 256mb and a " decent gpu " . i am not sure what kind of gpu the droid x has , but you will probably have a better experience with gingerbread then ics on that device if the gpu is not that great . my brother had that device and complained constantly about lag and lock up . if you have the " stock " motoblur , you will probably have a better experience just by installing any aosp based rom . you can expect the footprint to be about the same , maybe a bit less , then what you see now . this is because the android os will always try to use as much memory as possible in order to try and keep your experience better . if the application is in memory you can switch back to it faster then if it has to reload the entire application , plus it can " remember where you were " . as a side note , i do not currently see any cyanogenmod 9 builds available on the cm forums for the droid x , but that does not mean that there are not any , i just do not see them .
there should not be any problems , since my bravo ( htc desire ) runs ics insanely quick ( also 512mb ) . after a day on aosp ics ( everluv ) , without any task-killing ( but with a 6 background-task limitation ) , i still have 176mb free , and that is roughly what you can expect in these conditions . without background-task limitation , there is still 90mb free . * btw : http://forum.xda-developers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=691 this is the first place to look for ics roms . however , do not expect to much , because drivers and hardware acceleration are not optimized for hardware like yours/mine . checked with htop command
one baseline for measuring phone performance is the quadrant score . here is the quadrant score for droid x with froyo and gingerbread . this site shows various quadrant scores for the droid x with cm7 , as well as unofficial versions of gingerbread and froyo . there are some debates about the usefulness of the quadrant score - hopefully since these are comparisons with the same model of phone , they would be useful .
go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; All , find the market , click force close then clear data , and reboot the phone . i have needed to do this a few times before tb had the option mbobino mentions .
your backup program may not save the market links and the other info regarding how your app was acquired . as i am not familiar with mybackup i can not tell you thats it for sure . i use titanium backup which backs up the market info if you so select the option to back it up .
download titanium backup , press Menu -&gt; Market Tools -&gt; Market Doctor . this will attempt to repair the links between your installed apps and the play store . it may take a few times , i ran it several times once , and it got different apps fixed each time , but i eventually got all i needed .
yes , turn off the phone and try to charge from a wall charger , and when battery is full , try to do firmware recovery , this time use a good usb cable , and ensure a good internet connection . keep battery level above 80% or keep it full . and if all fails go to service center . vote up if i helped ; )
i ended up borrowing a battery to finish the emergency firmware recovery in kies . the second attempt proved successful in the firmware upgrade , however , still had network connection problems . i took it into a sprint service center and they tried doing software updates to the phone . tech had to do the software updates several times . found that after each update attempt , phone would work , but connectivity issues would come back after inserting the sd card . he deemed the sd card to be corrupt . phone is now working fine on the latest firmware with a new sd card installed . i am not sure what exactly is on the old sd card that would have corrupt it . thanks for the suggestions .
if you still have the original usb cable then use it because it probably is modified by samsung . consider upgrading to latest android ( currently 4.4.2 ) it is well worth it you wont brick it , i did it with my first smartphone 3 years ago ( i still use it ) just when i got it and i have done all i wanted to do like install root rom kernel audio engine etc removed bloatware and lots more : )
the sdhc ( high-capacity ) card family have a capacity of 4 gb to 32 gb http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/secure_digital https://www.sdcard.org/developers/tech/sdhc/
when you say memory do you mean storage capacity ? as far as im aware there is no way to increase the 1gb memory it is supplied with . edit : this site states 32gb expansion limit for sd card , which seems like its porbably correct : http://www.techwench.com/asus-eee-pad-transformer-review/
limit of the internal reader is that of sdhc format : 32gb . but afaik , card slots on the transformer dock is sdxc compliant , so , limit is 2tb ( theoretical )
i had to rebuild my phone after a firmware update ; in doing so , i skipped over a lot of the junk that i would previously installed . the upshot is that i no longer suffer this problem ( nor several others that had crept in ) . while it could be the software update that was the solution , i suspect that it was more likely that the clean install that did the trick . on the plus side , the problem has disappeared ; on the negative side , we do not know what the solution is .
did you set the phone to charge only after plugging it in ? if not go into settings and there should be an option like " connet to pc " . click that and change the default setting to charge only . see if that helps . if not power off the phone and computer and disconnect cable . then power both back up and wait for both to fully boot . then plug in phone . see if that helps .
as you may already know , you can only access those files with root , i.e. if your device is rooted . i can copy and paste the file to another location , but i think this may change the nature of the file . whut ? no , copying a file will not change the file contents . they will be the same as of the time the copy process is started . ideally , you should make sure that no process has a open write/append file handle to the file , by killing the relevant processes ( e . g . com.myapplication )
as izzy suggested ; did you try an ftp client ? andftp turbo ftp client and sftp client ftp client wm ftp client greyhound ftp client i have only used andftp before and it worked fine so i can recommend that one .
androphp looks like it'll fill your needs quite nicely . you can . . . deply dynamic php content serve pages over lan use a mysql database heck , this'd be awesome for all sorts of events . have people whip out their phones , navigate to your locally hosted signup form , etc , then export the mysql tables out later .
that unfortunately needs some 3 rd party app , as there is no " native " feature included with android . apps you might wish to check for this purpose include : androphp ( already described by dotvezz ) ulti server : php , mysql , pma includes dydns , ftp , ftps , sftp , ssh , php , mysql ( which also answers t0mm13b 's comment ) ksweb : server + php + mysql also includes ftp and some administrative tools and a function to update external ip in no-ip service ( second answer to t0mm13b , even with his favorite " no-ip" ) namp nginx android web server with php , mysql and ftp
please try to to make sure of the version of the messenger you have is ( version 2.11.169 ) , and then try to download the application manually from whatsapp website ( http://www.whatsapp.com/android/ ) and install it manually , while installing it it will ask for replacement , hit yes and continue installing , this will give you the previlage to avoid losing all previous data and to recover whatsapp 's data .
once the encryption screen comes up , android may have gotten far enough in the bootprocess for the adb server to start . if you have adb set up on the computer , check and see if the computer can recognize the phone by typing adb devices . if you see device with a serial number , then just simply type adb reboot recovery . ( if you do not have adb , there are several guides that can be found via google that explain how to get it set up . )
did you say google script ? marking gmail read with apps script the idea behind this script is to mark as read any message that is not in the inbox ( i.e. . , has been archived ) . head to script . google . com to start a script . choose to create a script for gmail in the little popup . delete all the sample code it gives you . replace it with this ( written using the api reference ) : function markarchivedasread ( ) { var threads = gmailapp . search ( 'label:unread -label:inbox' ) ; gmailapp . markthreadsread ( threads ) ; } ; save the project with file > save . add a new version using file > manage versions and enter " initial version " then submit that . do a test run using run > markarchivedasread and be sure and authorize the app when it asks you to . add a new trigger using resource > current project 's triggers and choose to run the above function every minute . save the script again and exit . i do not know that it is necessary to run it every minute , but as long as you run it regularly . this is not a direct answer to your issue , and if you have reasons to have unread messages that are not in your inbox this will not work for you .
i believe i resolved the issue with @bruceconnor 's case , needing to wait for the script to execute before it can work . i created a new filter that looks for anything in the inbox assigns the " i " label ( which is created by his version ) gmail complains that the filter will never match anything , but in this case it does match all incoming messages that stay in the inbox . the result is that all new incoming messages are automatically " memorized " by this tag , then when you hit archive the script can compare the inbox list with the " i " label and know which ones were just archived , and then mark only those as " read " . you do not have to wait to archive , because all messages are assigned into the archive " i " queue . bonus : i also set the new " i " label to " hide in message list " and " hide in label list " , so it never shows up at all . ( click the little arrow next to the new " i " label and choose these options . )
i managed to make it work with the following google script . it is almos the same as @aleverett 's answer , but it never marks as read messages that skipped the inbox entirely ( from a filter or something ) . unfortunately , it will not work for you if you tend archive messages very quickly ( less then 30 seconds on average ) .
i solved this by erasing all contacts on the sim . here 's how : contacts app -> menu -> view . uncheck all but sim , press ok . menu -> delete . menu -> select all . press delete . after a while all sim contacts are gone . now re-enable showing the phone and/or google contacts and you are good to go ! ( my phone uses swedish so maybe the menu items/buttons above have other similar names )
in case this helps anyone : the above instructions did not work for me , on my sony xperia l15 , android 2.3.3 i think this is because of my ancient android os . :- ) i manually see which contacts are phone-only , by : open contacts menu delete contacts the delete window has a little status line beside each contact , to tell you where the contact is stored : google phone contact joined contact ( think this means the contact was originally 2 or more contacts ) hope this helps !
go to contacts -> press menu button and choose more -> then display options -> there you can choose either sim or phone . and say done
try this sim contacts manager application from android market . it is going to manage all your contacts which are in sim card . there is one more possibility of having duplicates in your contacts list . if you are importing/synchronizing the contacts from facebook/gmail/twitter then it will show the contacts twice or more . in this case use this contacts merger which merges the duplicate contacts .
in case you are still looking for a solution , there is an app called twitch ! contacts formatter in google play that you can try . it may fix your formatting issues with 8 and 9 numbers .
there is one app , rocketdial available at google play store , that provides phone number format using patterns : format phone numbers , support us/canada/uk/russia/ukraine/china/taiwan . customize phone number using patterns , example ( ###- ( ### ) -#### ) , fill on your needs . may fit your needs . trial version comes with all the features and gives you 10 days to play with it . the pro version costs 3,19€ .
what i will do with the same problem : export google gmail contacts as a csv file from https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/?shva=1#contacts using sed to edit the file with some regex importing contacts again
have you tried this ? if not and you are not familiar with electronics , get someone to help you out http://com.odroid.com/sigong/blog/blog_list.php?bid=139 works for me . . .
were you trying to root you phone or install a new rom on it ? it could be possible that if you just plug in the logic board of your old phone into power from an old working galaxy s2 it might just boot up . if it died overnight without you doing virtually anything to it my guess is that the battery within the phone fails to provide power through the phone i.e. the internal circuitry on the power supply which is in the lower section of the phone may not be working . i had similar issues once , mine just magically started working after a month . it was a case of water damage though . if you did try to install a new rom on the phone it may be bricked and a usb jig might help fix it . they are easily available from ebay or amazon if you live in the us and are quite easy to make at home as well . you may also try purchasing a new usb mhl board from ebay . replacement are available for as less at 5$ . as onik mentioned , the bga will be nearly impossible to take out and use yourself . aftermarket data recovery companies might be able to help though .
it is a chip soldered to the main board in the phone . you can only remove it by desoldering it from the board in a soldering oven . ( this is a precisely temperature-controlled device : a kitchen oven will not do . ) even if you did manage to desolder it safely , the chip itself is not a lot of use to you . because it is an internal component , it does not fit into a standard reader like an sd card does , so you had have to either try to solder it into a different phone ( which might still not work , if anything on the chip is specific to the old phone ) , or find the specs and build a new board to fit it .
this may not be as easy as you think . the emmc is connected to the board with a ball grid array ( bga ) connection , which is pretty difficult to reconnect once removed . you can see photos of the chip and more discussion on the topic on this xda post . as for where the chip is , you might be able to find it on some teardowns , but my eyes did not catch it in ifixits photos .
yeah first please answer the question that which device you are using and did you get an official update from your manufacturer or did you manually install a custom rom ? ( although by your post it seems an official manufacturer update but please confirm . . . ) if : 1 . official update , then you can just do that update all over again and this time try it through pc software ( if you had previously done an over the air update ) . or finally contact your manufacturer 's customer care or go to service center . 2 . custom rom , then it may be problem with the rom or kernel . reach the developer for that . or you can even replace the google apps . just find an appropriate . zip coinciding with your android version . hope this helps or ask again with doubts . : )
go install dolphin , head to their labs and install flash . its what i use on my nexus 7 .
try flashfox for flash support : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=mobi.browser.flashfox
firefox - it has goot support of web technologies , but it has big memory consumption . standard android browser ( it not available on nexuses with android 4.1 and higher ) . opera mobile ( not opera mini ) - it has " specific " support of some web technologies , but normal resources consumption .
answering my own question here . bottom line here is android users must manage their own pictures and videos storage . it is important to understand that the " gallery " application ( and probably the new alternative " photos" ) is not synced to google plus , they are merely backuped ; this means that gallery does not deletes ( leave a thumbnail ) least recent used pictures to save space ( as i mistakenly assumed ) . i , for one , will be using google plus application from now on to be able to access all my pictures and videos and will be deleting images as soon as they are backuped .
it does not say it on htc 's website under the specs for the one x , but this review points out that the phone has dual-microphones , used for sound cancellation during phone calls . my guess is perhaps your recording app is recording from the wrong microphone ? or using both to cancel out the pitch you are looking for ? i would look for settings in your recording apps about using the dual-microphones . i do not have a phone with two , so i can not test that for you :/ good luck though !
i have the same issue . after playing around with one x a little bit i am pretty sure the issue is with the noise cancellation thing , most likely software issue . there are 2 microphones on the one x - one at the bottom and one at the top . i played a high frequency sound on my earphones and tested 2 cases : i put both speakers next to the bottom mic . sound level was very low , but it was there . i put one speaker next to the bottom mic and one next to the top mic . this time sound level was pretty much 0 . so it seems that what the top mic picks up is cancelled from what the bottom mic picks up . i have not figured out how to disable this feature . any luck on your side ?
this is done to conserve battery life . downloaded data means active radios , which means electricity drawn , which means battery drained . your one email , might be fine . but people often get hundreds of messages per day . if every message i got were that size and my phone downloaded the full content of each one the battery would be dead very quickly . if it is an email that is important that i need to read it is probably going to be only a few lines . messages that are large are usually things i do not need while i am at the grocery store or interrupting me while i get a haircut . it can wait until i get back to my desk . conversely , without a reasonably small limit you could dos someone by sending them several large messages , forcing their phone to download all of that data . you can both chew up their data limit and drain their battery .
is this an android version specific ? ( ie gingerbread ) no , this has nothing to do with the android version , i have several close to me and none have such option . it is probably a carrier-specific setting on the stock app . bahamat answer easily justifies the reason as to why carriers would prefer such low limitations and how this benefits users . is this a configuration one makes when setting up a device with the android os regardless of the version ? meaning every device is different ? it may vary depending on the device and carrier , but what usual happens with settings like this is that they are silently applied , but as you have found out , the user can update the value to a more desired one . how many devices are set with a max file size this low , what is the standard setting out of the box ? there is no standard about the size for an email that goes this low . what actually exists is a general conception regarding the emails maximum size that accounts for the sum of the message 's body and the encoded attachment . since a message will often pass through several mail transfer agents to reach the recipient , and since most of them have to cache messages for a certain period of time , this brings storage issues that need to be addressed . since the early days , 10mb was considered to be more than acceptable for an email . you can read all about this at wikipedia .
picking up my comment on the question : is it true that restoring a single package backup wipes all data on the phone ? no . as i suspected in my comment , the warning just relates to the settings of the app being restored , as they would be replaced by those from the backup . i used adb backup to backup a single app on one device , and restored it to multiple devices . i did not miss anything afterwards , all other apps ( and data ) remained untouched . it would not make any sense the other way , either . and carbon - app sync and backup could not offer to restore a single app , as it itself would be gone then as well : )
if you are rooted you can now use titanium backup pro ( 5.6+ ) to restore from adb backups .
i think there is no need to set those settings in the email app . you only need to set them in e-mail clients where you are getting duplicate copies of the email , provided those clients have a way of setting those settings . if you notice in the image below ( from the desktop gmail web app ) , there is a Sent Mail and an [Imap]/Sent folder . the Sent Mail folder is gmail 's , while the [Imap]/Sent folder is generated by a 3rd-party client ( like thunderbird or kaiten , for example ) . ideally , a sent mail would be placed under Sent Mail or under [Imap]/Sent . in some cases , it gets copied under both . so now , you have two copies of the sent email . if this is happening , then you need to follow the recommended imap client settings . if not , you are fine . related reference : stackexchange-url
depending on what version of s3 you have ( there are 13 just looking at the wikipedia article ) , there could be different safeguards in place to prevent tamporing having knox installed is one thing , upgrading to 4.3 is another as some of the updates that samsung has put in prevent certain types of expolots to get the bootloader unlocked and ability to boot a unapproved rom a coworker of mine upgraded his phone to 4.3 and serious issues with knox not letting him boot . he had to downgrade all the way back to 4.1 and then upgrade back up to get a working phone . needless to say , all of his data is lost . if you are planning on rooting , do it now , upgrade to a rooted rom with touchwiz ( like carbon ) , or go full 1337 and get a cynogenmod rom and run kit kat rooting your phone kills the warranty , but there are ways to revert back to stock . depending on the insurance you have on the phone , they will take in a broken rooted phone . however , if some phone component breaks , and you have no way to get it back stock , you are sort of sol . there is a huge market for used phones , and if you have yours rooted , you give a bit of added value to the phone . swappa is probably the best place to go out and sell your phone . tl ; dr : root now , install a rom you like , get kitkat if need be , sell on swappa . source : rootin ' since 2009 . owner of multiple samsung phones .
as you mention go launcher ex as your target launcher , you are lucky : there is a complete description on how to migrate your screens , which you can find at addictivetips . basically , this involves an app called desk migrate , which claims to copy home screens from one launcher to another launcher . according to the linked article , it seems do do a nice job . just one thing to keep in mind : desk migrate has been developed to work only with go launcher ex and supports copying from only a handful of launchers . ok , another lucky point for you : looks like adw . launcher was one of the 7 launchers the addictives successfully tested to migrate from -- lucky you !
there may be apps in the background that run which drains the battery life . to be certain of which app : go to settings > battery > battery graph the battery graph will give detailed analysis which app used how much battery . if there is any app that you do not recall using a lot but is one of the top battery consumers i would recommend you to uninstall/disable the said app .
yes you can do that . firstly enable the the developer mode by tapping the build number in about phone then go in developer options and then check force rtl layout
you had have to use a custom rom to do this , because the layout direction is a fixed part of the locale information , not a user-visible setting . even if you could , you had find that most apps would not change . it takes development and testing time to make android layouts bidirectional , and the support was not added to android until jelly bean , so apps tend to only use it if they actually do support rtl languages . even on apps which do support it , you had probably find strange behaviour because english is not supposed to be laid out right-to-left . for example , text labels that are too long might have the " . . . " at the start instead of the end , or vice-versa . so in summary , it is a lot of effort to end up with a broken configuration .
this is most likely a software issue , but you can not be 100% sure until you flash a new rom and see if it works . if you find a stock rom , then it will not void the warranty , so it should be safe to try . you can find a lot of stock roms here .
as said already re-flashing the firmware is probably all you can do but i wanted to add that you can use odin for easier flashing ( it is really just clicking a button ) . using the link given by alex ( searching using the model number , setting> about device> model number ) download the firmware then download odin . here is a good tutorial for using it if you are unfamiliar with it https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6xrdu6ddnya . ( not great quality since he is recording the screen but still helpful ) .
use llama . this is a free automation app like tasker , and it has the ability to modify the screen timeout . create a new event . add the condition OR (match any) . then add a condition for each Active application that you want to keep the screen active . click the back button , then add the action to change the Screen Timeout to never . you then have to create a second event that does the opposite . you create the OR (match any) condition , but this time select Active application and change the status option to App stopped or in background , and again do this for each app you did in the first event . set the Screen Timeout action to whatever timeout value you want normally .
mirrored on gist . custom ebook files can be read on android devices by employing a collection of software , detailed below . both android and ios devices can simply use ibooks or stanza , and connect to calibre . a more manual method employes astro for browsing android files manually . for any ebook file format , if an appropriate app is installed , astro will be able to open the ebook . see wikipedia for a table of ereaders vs ebook file formats supported . secondary software will be required to actually get the ebook files onto the mobile device : sugarsync dropbox each ereader app looks for books in a different directory . a good compromise is to store all ebooks in /mnt/sdcard/Books , organizing ebooks at will through folder hierarchies , and using astro to navigate to and open individual ebooks . fbreader autorecognition : /mnt/sdcard/Books custom browsing : FBReader library -&gt; File tree kindle autorecognition : /mnt/sdcard/Kindle nook autorecognition : /mnt/sdcard/Nook/MyDocuments adobe reader autorecognition : /mnt/sdcard/Download/Adobe Reader custom browsing : Documents -&gt; All PDFs -&gt; Folder View
there are several options available to you , but make sure that you know that the app you are using supports them ! you can go with a bluetooth gps receiver like this one . reviewers mention that it works with android , but not ios . one reviewer says it works perfectly , another says that not all apps work with it . ( i am inclined to believe that the user who mentions that it needs an app is mistaken ) you can also get a usb bluetooth receiver like this one with an otg cable like this , but these are designed to be used with pc hardware , so support for android may or may not be very good . i would personally go with the bluetooth option for convenience and because there are others who have done it with android devices already .
yes there is : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.into.stability but if you do not have root , then it is a bit limited in features .
use a portable small utility mhotspot instead of connectify . connectify does have such type of issues . so , mhotspot is my all time favorite when it comes to creating virtual hotspot . if you are unable to connect for the first time ( which should not be case as you were able to connect with ap of connectify ) , reload the wi-fi driver by dialing *#*#526#*#* or install the " wifi-fixer " app from play store .
just installed trello . seems like it is designed for offline viewing , not offline editing . perhaps evernote might be a better option , although it is not really a project management tool .
first of all make sure you have turned your gps ( if available ) and data connection turned on . this helps the device to get your precise location easily . when using the app , make sure that you do not touch your devices screen by mistake . this often happens even without you knowing it and causes the map to tilt , losing the automatic center alignment of your current position . now open the app and press . then the map will center to your current location . then tap the location icon again . now the location icon should move with you . tap the location icon again and then it will look like . now you should get a more driver friendly view with your location icon moving smoothly . happy driving !
op solved the problem : it was the power cord on the converter causing the problem . i do not know why but when i unplugged it the sound came through prefect .
i ended up just using an app that runs the mediaindexer . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.addz.mediascannerhl=en https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.clypher.mediascanner rebooting works as well , thanks user133312 !
if your phone is rooted ( which i am assuming it is since you are running oxygen ) , you could try androidscreencast . it allows you to interact with a rooted phone over usb using mouse and keyboard . it is not the fastest solution , but then again , neither is a vnc server and the like . there is a fairly decent walkthrough on how to set everything up on how-to geek . you will also need to have adb in order to use androidscreencast ( the android sdk is one way ; there is probably also some places you can directly download the necessary binaries ) .
start your device in safe mode and then uninstall the app that is causing problems . rebooting will exit from safe mode . here 's how to access safe mode in a few popular devices . htc devices with physical buttons : turn off your android phone . press the menu button on your phone . while holding down the menu button , turn on your device and keep pressing the menu button until you see the lock screen . “ safe mode should now be printed in the lower-left corner of your display . when in safe mode , android does not load any third-party apps , and you can uninstall the application that gave you trouble from settings > applications > manage applications . nexus one : turn off your nexus . remove the battery if it cannot be done the normal way . press the power button to start your phone , and right when the logo appears , press and hold the trackball . you should also be able to hold down the touch sensitive menu button at this point , if you prefer that . keep pressing until you see the lock screen , and you should now be in safe mode . motorola droid turn off your droid and slide open the hardware keyboard . press both the power button and the menu button on the keyboard simultaneously . keep holding down the menu key until you see the “droid eye” , and you feel your phone vibrate . your droid should start and say “safe mode” in the lower-left corner of the screen . samsung galaxy s power the phone off . turn the phone back on while pressing and holding the menu button . keep holding the menu button until the home screen loads . the lower-left corner should say safe mode .
for the " typical end user " , the easiest ways probably are : if the " rogue " was installed from google play : on a computer , open the play store website with your favorite web browser log in with your google account credentials hit the " my android apps " tab at the upper-right of the page look for your " rogue " app hit the trashcan symbol next to it this will uninstall the selected app . of course , this only works for apps installed via google play . if you side-loaded the " rogue " ( installed it from another source ) if you side-loaded the " rogue " , you will need a couple of more steps . follow 1+2 from above list , then . . . search for any other homescreen/launcher app hit the " install " button on its page if you have got multiple devices attached to this google account , select the one with the rogue app hit " ok " within the next few minutes , the new launcher should be installed on your device . until then , you might want to periodically switch it on to ensure it stays " awake " ( and connected to the network ) , which might speed up the process a little once the installation has finished , hit the home button . as android noticed the new launcher app , a pop up will ask you to chose which launcher to start . select any launcher you want , just not the rogue one . as you now have a fully functional launcher running , you can take the usual steps to remove the " rogue " app .
to create such malicious launcher it will need to : disable settings > applications > manage applications disable settings > applications > development > usb debugging disable market ( to prevent you from downloading home switcher apps ) prevent all other launcher-type application from opening ( otherwise you can just start the other launcher and go to settings from there ) disable terminal emulator-type application ( to prevent uninstallation by pm or rm-ing the . apk ) . . . others ? this seems like a gaping security hole in android , no ? no . when security experts talks about a system having a good security , they do not talk about a stupid user doing stupid thing to his system . a stupid user giving untrusted program unwarranted privileges are social problems , not security problem . linux ( and android ) is secure not because it is impossible mess the system up ( you can , very easily , just type sudo rm -rf / ) . linux is secure because a malicious program cannot mess up the system without the user 's authorization and a user cannot mess the system up unless they have the appropriate privilege to mess up the system ( a user with a root privilege can mess up the system in thousands of ways ) . unlike in some other os , linux ( and android ) does not attempt to protect the user from doing something stupid ( since such protection would also prevent power users from doing anything smart ) . it will blindly follow your order when you told it to destroy itself ( as long as the user has the privilege to command the system to destroy itself ) . the following sudo 's first-time-sudoers lecture sums up the unix/linux way to security : in any case , if such malicious launcher comes into the market , we can be sure that google will remove it from market immediately with no delay ( and probably issue a remote uninstall command ) . and if you install such launcher from outside market , then you are not a " typical user " , you are responsible for your own if you are installing programs from outside market .
as with most exchange activesync clients android implements a sub-set of features from various versions of activesync . according to the android 4 ( ice cream sandwich ) platform highlights , the email client supports eas v14 ( scroll down to the " improved email " section ) , in a comparison with gingerbread ( android 2.3 . x ) though you also need to take into account the android 3 ( honeycomb ) changes which while they do not specify eas changes did add support for policies for encrypted storage , password expiration , password history , and password complexity , all of which are eas features . there are probably more differences between versions than it is practical to keep up to date here , the wikipedia page comparison of exchange activesync clients has a pretty good table comparing feature support .
i believe both lookout and prey have a password option that will make it difficult for a thief to disable the app . both of those will be able to wipe the device but not disable it completely . if you are on verizon the phone cannot be activated on another line without it being released from your account . i am pretty sure that is not the case with gsm phones - they just need to stick a new sim in the phone . however , both lookout and prey will be able to tell you the location of your phone . i believe prey will also be able to tell you additional information that might help you determine the identity of the thief which you can then pass on to the authorities . they are not always inclined to act on the information but every little bit helps .
it is certainly possible to remote-brick a phone . in fact , you might be able to use tasker in conjunction with mobile odin or similar to remotely softbrick a samsung device by flashing bad firmware after a text message , or something . of course these devices are also easy to unbrick ; to brick them more permanently you had need to flash a bad bootloader . chainfire has said that mobile odin can but will not flash bootloaders , so perhaps it could just be modified . bad bootloaders can be fixed sometimes if you have the appropriate hardware , but i doubt any petty thief would have it . most will not be able to fix a softbrick either . any app can be disabled , pretty easily too if you know what you are doing . importantly , though , i would not do this . all it does is guarantee that you can not get the phone back ( you can not track it anymore ) or that if you get it back , it will not work . you should just install tracking software instead . remote bricking will not deter a thief who does not know about it , and while i see the revenge aspect it is not as good as catching them !
starting today you can access this functionality through stock android and google apps at https://www.google.com/android/devicemanager . once you set it up , you will be able to remotely delete all your data from the device , and locate it on google maps . remote locking and changing the lock-screen are also listed as functionalities available ( soon ) . note that if you have not set this up before losing your phone you will not have access to wipe it remotely . you could see it on google maps if you have given google apps permission to access location information on your phone ( gps and wifi location information ) .
if you are using htc you could wipe the data from htc sense account . but to brick the device , depends on how to the flashing . as koush maker of cwm has discussed of rooting/flashing rom from with in the application without any pc . not sure about which version of cwm supports this features .
here are some quick tips : ( here i will use the terms like download-mode and recovery-mode , if you dont know what they are google it . ( "boot to recovery " and " boot to bootloader " means how to enter into recovery-mode and download-mode respectively . ) a bricked phone may have one or more ( below problems ) : booting to the rom ( android ) not possible . booting to the recovery-mode not possible . black screen or bootloop ( repeated restarting of phone at boot animation or samsung galaxy y logo ) . possible solutions : ( remember there will be data loss using these solutions so always try to keep a backup ) if you can still enter into recovery-mode ( a ) . try to clear data and cache then check . ( b ) . try installing a custom rom using cwm ( clockworkmod recovery ) and check . ( for custom rom and cwm visit here . ) if recovery-mode did not helped enter into download-mode and flash an odin supported stock rom ( using odin 1.84 or 1.85 ) from doky73 's thread ( flashing guide in 2nd post ) . *you can inform me , if anything left out . you must try going in download mode !
this is a solution that is specific to samsung devices . this will only work if you have soft-bricked your device . it is pretty simple to build and can get you into download mode on most samsung devices , just have your rom ready to flash and you are good to go ! http://www.xda-developers.com/android/need-a-samsung-usb-jig-build-your-own/ here is the actual youtube video that i used to make mine : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rdn5gorjhn0
yes . no , i do not have a source . :p
i will not cause any problem and you can easily delete it . to be dead sure you can try renaming the directory to something else and see if anything happens . but as i said it is perfectly ok to remove it .
openfeint is an app addon that tracks high scores for the registered apps/games . removing it might remove your highscore records on your phone , reducing your bragging rights :p but other than that , if you are not concerned deleting your scores , then you may remove it .
i am not quite sure how to turn the feature off but when i had my droid eris , it would do the same thing . i found that if i simply hit one of the volume buttons on the side , the screen would come back on without having to end the call .
from your description , it sounds like there may be an issue with your proximity sensor . the proximity sensor should turn off the screen instantly when you put the phone to your face during a call . the way you described the screen turning off after x amount of time sounds like it is just normally timing out . you can use an app called androsensor to test the functionality of your proximity sensor . this would also explain having to turn the screen back on manually instead of it happening automatically . also , you may want to look closely at the sensor , there may be dust on it preventing it from working properly . as others have noted , the vibrant should have an option for disabling the sensor . is this option already checked ? that may have something to do with it .
keep screen on during calls that setting is not available on all phones , but if it was it would be under : home > settings > call settings > [ display > ] . . . but as for the difficulty turning the screen on be sure that the power button does not end calls ( settings > accessibility > power button ends call : make sure it is unchecked ) then just pull the phone away and press the power button to turn the screen on .
i had been having exact same problem for a few months on my lg-p500 , but have just fixed it . i found that the proximity sensor had gotten covered with dust as the screen cover had slightly lifted in the area of the proximity sensor . once i cleaned it off it worked fine again .
to keep the screen and disable the proximity sensor launch another program while on a phone call . the screen will remain on while the phone is against your ear .
are you sure that the screen goes off after x seconds ? android phones with proximity sensors usually turn off the screen when they are put on an ear . the phone should automatically turn on the screen if you uncover the light/proximity sensor ( e . g . by removing it from your ear ) . the galaxy s does this and i suppose that the vibrant does so too , because they are basically the same phone models . other android phones behave similar . i am not sure if it is possible to disable this feature . even if so , you would encounter another problem : accidental pushing buttons on the touchscreen with parts of your face , which could lead to hang-ups .
if you enable the touchpad while the call is coming in , the screen will stay on even when the phone is pressed against your face . for instance , if you answer a google voice call and have to push "1" to pick up the call . of course , this will result in you repeatedly pressing the buttons with your face , causing gv to say " this call is being recorded " and possibly hang up , but hey , you asked for it .
i found a couple of settings in cyanogenmod which could be useful . i am not sure if they are available in vanilla android . also , the proximity sensor application in htc is pretty good . but i am not sure about vibrant .
you can disable the proximity sensor or simply go to call setting and you will find an option that reads keep screen awake .
the best way that i find is to cover the screen for a few seconds and then release . this is the same mimic as if you are calling into voicemail or a feature for which you are required to press a key . this is the best means that i have found to keep all features enabled . btw : i find it odd that you have the power button set to hang up . i believe this is a feature you setup in order to advert another issue . maybe solving the hang up feature problems will assist with this one as well ?
02-09-2013 - when the screen goes dark ( by factory default ) while on a call can be very frustrating . i just purchased a new samsung galaxy proclaim , an android phone , and this solved the problem . go to settings > accessibility > power button ends call : make sure it is unchecked then when the screen goes dark while you are on a call and you need for it to come back on for pressing prompt numbers , account numbers , or whatever . . . . just press the power button to turn the screen on . since you have unchecked the end call by pressing the power button . . . the screen will now come back on and will not end the call . hope this helps .
since you are on 2.2 , root your device , then use cacertman : market link source code you can choose to delete certificates one-by-one , and back up your configuration for use later .
to be honest i had never removed a cert before but i have added my own and it looks like it is the same process . it is basically : use linux ( or a vm of linux ) install bouncycastle ( java ssl library ) download the cacerts . bks files from the device use keytool -delete command to remove the cert from cacerts . bks verify that it worked with keytool push the cacerts . bks file back up to the device bouncy castle : http://www.bouncycastle.org/latest_releases.html detailed instructions on how to use keytool : http://wiki.cacert.org/importrootcert#android_phones in ubuntu it is a little easier to download through apt just so you can get the path stuff right . " apt-cache search bouncycastle " should help .
sounds like your phone is using a different google account to attempt to log in to chrome-to-phone . try signing out from the chrome extension , and " disconnect " the phone from the android app and re-sign in to both .
after you installed chrome2phone on your phone , you need to open the chrome2phone app on your phone and login to your google account . then after installing chrome2phone extension in your browser , you also need to login to the same google account .
xprivacy is not a stand-alone application . it is a module of the xposed framework , and thus utilizes the latter to achieve its goals . so if the xprivacy dev " reports in " , he might just say : " waiting for the xposed team to show up " . . . oh , if you do not wanna wait : head straight to the xposed thread at xda for all the details . the intro over there states : i extended the /system/bin/app_process executable to load a jar file on startup . the classes of this file will sit in every process ( including the one for system services ) and can act with their powers . and even more : i have implemented something that allows developers to replace any method in any class ( may it be in the framework , systemui or a custom app ) . this makes xposed very powerful . you can change parameters for the method call , modify the return value or skip the call to the method completely - it is all up to you ! also replacing or adding resources is easy . so in short and simplified words : xposed replaces some system resources to " expose " the system api , so other apps ( acting as xposed modules ) can use it . amongst those other apps is – tam-tam-tam-tam-tam – xprivacy .
may be a bug or something . restore factory settings after making a back-up of important files . note - check the settings once again . you might have turned on the vibration .
i think you have misunderstood what vibration mode is . the sound control has three settings:- sound on : the phone will ring and vibrate normally . you can turn vibration on or off for each notification individually in that app 's settings . vibrate : the phone will still vibrate , but not make noise . in this state , any notification that would make a sound will vibrate instead . if the notification would have vibrated , it still does . silent : notifications and incoming calls will not cause vibration or noise . any notifications which have vibration enabled by the app will vibrate in either sound on or vibration mode : only silent mode will disable vibration . also , if vibrate when ringing is turned on in settings → sound , then incoming calls will make the phone vibrate in sound on mode as well as in vibration mode .
it depends on what you mean by resetting the phone : a full wipe / factory reset using the recovery system will not remove root . you flashed root into the /system/ partition , so it is not going anywhere if you just wipe the data from the device . re-installing official firmware will remove root ( e . g . , re-flashing a stock rom )
you can create a profile and switch it by long pressing the power button . at least on cyanogen , there is a menu item change profile . on stock sense rom it is likely there , too .
you can try tasker or locale . they can be configured to do this automatically .
the setting profiles should be able to do something like that . you can set up a profile that turns off all notifications for when you get ready for bed . then , add a rule that overrides the profile - turning notifications back on only for incoming calls : create a new rule add incoming call condition - this can be set to a specific contact group of just to &lt ; > depending on your preferences add activate profile action to activate a different profile where sound is on and/or some custom ring tone specified they currently have two versions of the app - a lite and full . the lite version is limited to one rule at a time . you might be able to try it out with the lite version and then get the full if it works out for you . qr code for setting profiles lite : qr code for setting profiles full :
i asked this question to a friend and he suggested the audiomanager widget . it allows you to control volumes for alarm , media , alerts , ringer , system , and voice calls independently . it also allows you to toggle vibrate for alerts and ringer independently . so far , it seems to be a solid app .
there is an app called holiday alarm disabler . i have not tried it myself , but it has a pretty good rating at androlib . qr code for holiday alarm disabler :
re-install these official samsung drivers . uninstall current drivers by going into device manager . make sure to check off the delete drivers option if given . reboot . reinstall the given drivers above without connecting the galaxy s4 reboot . go ahead and connect phone and verify that in device manager samsung adb device or equivalent is shown . if it shows an exclamation mark on it or other problem , then in device manager right click on the driver , update , let me choose from a list and choose the correct android adb driver .
well , perhaps the launcher from the miui rom will do what you need- it supports folders , there is no app drawer , and you can pinch to zoom out and quickly change home screens . most other 3rd party launchers ( adw , launcher pro , my personal favorite go launcher ex ) do the same things but keep the app drawer .
short answer : no . the app dev must have made it like this . you could email the dev , to ask them to sort it , but otherwise there is no option .
you do not necessarily need dlna for that , nor hdmi . wifi and the right app might do as well . take a look at e.g. remote gallery 3d , you cannot only have a slide show on your pc , but even manage your photos remotely . the app runs a web server on your device , which then can be accessed via any web browser ( i.e. . completely os independent ) . only requirement is flash capability . for a presentation , also have a look at youtube . this way you can even take your photo gallery with you when visiting friends or family : no installation on the pc required . so as long as wifi is available , you are fine . the app is free , so it comes without investing any extra money , as requested ; ) alternatively , you could setup a dlna server on your android device ( bubbleupnp would be a good choice for that ) . nex , you would need a client to access it from your mac ( take a look at this wikipedia list to pick one ) . start the server on your android device , then start the client on the mac . the client should automatically find and list your android device , and let you browse your media . what features are offered ( just pick single entries , make a slideshow , have background music played along ) depends on the client chosen . a third variant would be investigating in airplay . as that is apple 's own stuff , your mac should surely support it . there are a bunch or apps supporting airplay you could chose from ; not having a mac , i cannot be of assistance in this area . fazit by iliv : bubbleupnp is a very nice software . i am having a lot of fun trying out various combinations . one thing i learned this morning is that i can use vlc to browse and play all content on my phone : video , music and pictures . video playback intermittently stucks for a split second , very rarely , but it does . that is unfortunate , but i am wondering if it is a vlc or bubbleupnp issue , or maybe it is just that two do not get along well .
for some reason you are not successfully replacing the stock recovery ( the " yellow exclaimation-mark icon over a phone icon" ) with the new one they instruct you to download . step 7 is key : 7 ) type fastboot flash recovery recovery.img this is where they have you ' flash ' ( copy/format ) the modified recovery over the stock recovery . is this step working for you ? simply copying the ' rectools . tar . gz ' to your device 's storage or sd card is not sufficient . on a separate note , have you investigated other means of rooting your device besides manually flashing via adb ? my favorite guide is lifehacker 's , and if i read it right you might simply be able to use superoneclick . in any event , as always , tread lightly and read carefully .
summing up from the comments : no " reset " will ever roll back any system updates applied . for that , you would have to re-flash the original rom . for the device to show up with adb devices or fastboot devices , you must have your computer configured accordingly . if your computer runs windows , you will need a special driver ( koush 's universal adb driver might help you out here , in case you cannot find a specific driver for your devices ) . if it is linux , you might wish to consult my answer here , for a mac it might be similar . further helpful hints can be found via our adb tag-wiki . as you have multiple identic devices , some updated and some not , you should be able to utilize dd ( see also this wikipedia article for a starter ) to clone all partitions of one device and apply that to others . as partition structures are quite device specific , i cannot give you accurate details here ; a little research might be helpful especially on sites like xda developers . a custom recovery can be used for this as well : check out our nandroid tag and its tag-wiki for details on that .
you can get . apk files to your pc . create a simple html page with a link to your . apk &lt;a href='yourfile.apk'&gt;download&lt;/a&gt;  use web browser in emulator to access and download the file and install from sdcard of emulator .
if you got that . apk file downloaded in your system , you can easily install that by the following steps . first of all copy the . apk file to the android sdk --> ' platform-tools ' directory to start the emulator use type the following command on your terminal cd /path_to_android_sdk/platform-tools // press enter then type the following to start the emulator emulator -avd &lt;emulator_name&gt; // press enter &lt;emulator_name&gt; is the name that you have given when you first created that emulator . if you do not know that name , go to eclipse and click window--> avd and sdk manager . on that window you can see the avd name . after that wait for a couple of minutes so that the emulator starts . after that , unlock the emulator : open another tab in terminal or open another terminal and type the following commands cd /path_to_android_sdk/platform-tools; ls //press enter now you should see your application name . adb install &lt;name_of_the_apk&gt; // press enter ./adb install &lt;name_of_the_apk&gt; // for mac machine after that you can see a success message . eventually press on the menu launcher button on the emulator where you can see your application installed . click on the icon to launch that application .
that is weird . i have an s2 and when i get a message i can swipe the message notifications action and it gets me right to the message . if you did not find anything maybe you can add messaging as an unlock shortcut to get you right to your messages .
as far as i know , there is no setting for this unfortunately . samsung will occasionally update the s3 with os updates such as recently to 4.3 which changed the way text messages are displayed on the lock screen . so it not only depends on which version of android you are running but which samsung update you have got . perhaps you can try download a lock screen replacement app from the play store ?
on the samsung galaxy range of phones , running samsung 's touchwiz enhancements to android , you can take a screenshot of the screen by holding down the back button and tapping home . this does not work in some apps that take an action immediately when you press back , but as most apps do not carry out the action until release the back button , this will work for them . see also this previous question : taking a screenshot of an android phone ?
the error seems like something regular . a google search reveals many places it is mentioned ( with a logcat ) , but almost nowhere it is commented on -- except for galaxy w constant error in logcat ( xda ) . a shame they removed the wakelock stats from *#*#4636#*#* service menu ( which would have offered you a quick way to check ) with gingerbread and up . you might want to look for some monitor app on the market ( there is e.g. systempanel which might prove helpful ) to figure out what keeps your device awake . in case this app does not provide the required information ( i already mentioned wakelocks being the most probable cause ) , there is another useful app : betterbatterystats ( also mentioned in the xda-link ) seems to bring back wake-lock stats . as a short and eased-up explanation : an app might request the cpu not going to sleep , but still not actually use the cpu , though - the android powermanager api provides an interface for this ) . so betterbatterystats should help you find the responsible app : for reference , here 's the link to the betterbatterystats thread on xda , including the app ( and its changelog ) as well as some closer explanation , especially on wake-locks .
check your usb cable it must be lose .
goto the last tab which has three horizontal lines as its icon . scroll down a little and you will see most recent
in my experience , trebuchet does always reload the list . i just have to wait a couple of seconds . if it really does not , you can go to the applications section in the settings menu , select trebuchet and force stop it . that should force it to drop any state , including the widget list .
this behaviour of rom manager was not intended , and according to the maker of the app , it has been fixed now . the reason for this is the downloading of rom icons when browsing the roms list . somebody had posted a rom as the icon causing it to be downloded in the background . i just ended up deleting the big file with root explorer . i do not know if i should have , or whether it broke anything , but i really needed the space . the article on xda , where this was discussed
the radio is not " on " all the time . just as in any other cellphone , it makes very brief contacts to the towers to update its registration with the network ; this consumes a small amount of power , but the power management design of the radio and the coprocessor which runs it are pretty well done , so it can power up the circuity it needs just long enough and then power it back down again . without that we would not be getting multi-day battery life even from simple candy bar phones . the screen in a smartphone itself consumes some power , but any any time the screen is on , the application processor - which runs linux and android - is also going to be on , and that consumes a lot of power compared to keeping the radio processor registered on the network but not actively exchanging data . with the screen off and nothing holding wakelocks , the application processor can try to go to sleep , and only wake up every few minutes to make quick checks . that is where your real power savings comes from , and yes , scheduling more or less frequent email polling can change this .
with cdma phones the data and voice use the same radio . its going to run all the time anyway because its constantly syncing data , towers , location . . . if you want to stop it without turning off voice you should turn off the apn . doing this will not put your radio to sleep but it will reduce your power consumption . check into apndroid or quick settings , and tasker to set triggers and automation .
the default account is the one that you logged in with first . if this was your apps account and the " remove account " option does not work than on a non-rooted device the only way to remedy this i to perform a factory reset . however the device will still show up on your dashboard , i have devices i stopped using two years ago still there . one other thing to note is that your phone should show up on all accounts that you are logged in with . if it does not , try downloading a free app with that account .
rooting the phone will not change sim-lock settings , they are saved in a separate part of the phone , please see these previous questions for more info on that : where are the sim-lock settings stored on an android phone ? and does unlocking bootloader affect network lock ? you can find more explaining these different terminologies here : what is the difference between : rooting , jailbreak , rom , mod , etc . ?
seems like ' line ' is converted to a system app . you can convert it to an user app and uninstall it if you have root permissions by using apps like ' app uninstaller ' . otherwise you can disable it after uninstalling updates . disable button is can be found besides the force stop button . else restore your phone .
questions . are you using the stock app ? will you consider using a replacement app for sms ? if yes , consider gosms pro . contrary to what the name suggests , it is free and backups messages to the sd card .
have a look at slightbackup or ( again ) at lifesaver2: slightbackup on f-droid . org lifesaver2 on f-droid . org some notes on lifesaver2: not the one in google play but the old version ! an older version of lifesaver2 is available on the purely open source f-droid . org repository . permissions for the old version : used to read sms : ⚠ read sms or mms [ read_sms ] ⚠ receive sms [ receive_sms ] ⚠ modify/delete usb storage contents [ write_external_storage ] used to read call logs : ⚠ read contact data [ read_contacts ] used to restore call logs and sms : ⚠ write contact data [ write_contacts ] ⚠ edit sms or mms [ write_sms ] if you are still super paranoid you can use apktool ( an android . apk reverse engineering tool ) to remove the latter two or three permissions listed above from the given . apk . you can also inspect the old code snapshot and build a modified version of it yourself if you want to further suit your needs . some background on why lifesaver2 changed : lifesaver2 is in fact a migration tool that you use to move your call-log/sms'es from the old to a new android phone . you did that by backing stuff on the old up , insert the external sd card into the new phone and use the app again to restore there . newer android devices do not necessarily have an external sd card anymore . it is cumbersome for a big majority of lifesaver2 's users to manually transfer the backup data files , so the author ( which works at google ) decided to backup to the cloud ( google appengine atm . ) instead of the sd card at some point .
" backup to gmail " is an app am using on my s3 ( do not have any other android device to try it on )
if the reason that you are worried about permissions is because you are worried that an app might do something nefarious , why not try an open-source solution ? that way if the program was doing anything bad , developers would know from looking at its source code . sms backup + is an open-source tool . the source is available at https://github.com/jberkel/sms-backup-plus .
as you do not ask to restore them ( just to backup ) : did you take a look at txtarchive sms backup ? yupp , costs a few bucks . but hence it needs no ads , and no internet : read sms/mms , read contactdata ( both are connected -- you surely want to know who wrote the sms ; ) , and store to sd . similarly sms backup and restore pro for about the same price ( 2 euro ) , which also wants to write sms/mms ( to restore them ) , and keep the phone from sleeping while it does the work . oh , plus the requirement mentioned by flow : " read phone state and identity " is also required . -- though the app states android minversion 1.6 ( this requirement was removed with android 2.0 afaik -- for all previous versions it was a " must" ) . simple search for sms backup on the playstore , both on page 1 -- not too hard to find . hope you like them ; )
when i did the " note to self " , i was sent an email with the attachment ( i assume this is the function , i have never used it before ! ) . the attachment is the * . amr file that you can then download , and it will save it to download/RecordedMessage#.amr . after some searching , the original file is stored in phone memory , not external , at /data/data/com.google.android.voicesearch/files/RecordedMessage#.amr note that you could not find this file because you were not rooted , i used file x-plore and did a search in the entire Root section to find them . note : if you would like to delete them : with root : navigate to the aforementioned folder and delete them with your favorite root browser or adb without root : from the home screen , press Menu , select Settings then choose Applications-&gt;Manage Applications and select Voice Search from the list . on the app info page select Clear data . this will delete all data associated with voice search , including any recorded " notes to self " , but keep in mind , it may also erase any data recorded to better results on a user-by-user basis .
activating the 2g only option solved the issue , indicating a problem with the connection , as mentioned in the comments . another thing that solved it ( temporarily , until i install more apps i guess ) was reinstalling the os . i only installed few apps and the minimal pa gapps package ( contains only some indispensable apps by google ) , which presumably reduced the amount of background data send . overall battery consumption with 3g enabled is way lower than with only 2g before . i have also updated the radio firmware , though i can not confirm if it had any effect . it still seems to switch a lot between e , 3g , h and h+ but without any actual data traffic there is no noticeable impact on battery life . another suggestion i have found online somewhere is to use an app that switches to 3g only when particular apps like the browser is used and switches back to 2g otherwise .
i believe that the viewsonic does not have any onboard memory and instead has an sd card that can not be removed for internal storage and another removable sd .
according to this thread /sdcard is the internal storage of your device . it is so named because android counts on a fat/fat32 filesystem at that mountpoint for data storage . the optional external sdcard mounts to /sdcard2 and is evidently not available via usb from the tablet . these are the " user serviceable " locations in android . to work with files outside these paths you will need to have root access on the device and use a 3rd party file explorer .
thanks to this answer to this question is moving apps to sd only available to rooted devices ? . i have discovered the getInstallLocation adb command and set the install location to internal on my un-rooted phone . with the android sdk installed , and my phone connected via usb with usb debugging mode switched on , enter the following commands : adb devices ( check that adb can see my phone , and start necessary services ) adb shell ( connects a shell to the phone ) pm getInstallLocation ( returns 0[auto] ) pm setInstallLocation 1 ( sets the default install location to internal memory ) pm getInstallLocation ( run again to check that it is now set to the correct location , returns 1[internal] ) exit safely remove hardware , unplug phone and all done , without any need for root !
i have not tried it yet myself , but here is an xda thread featuring a program that lets you move any app on or off your sd card and set the installation default to internal , sd or auto . i believe auto is the default .
it is a known issue on samsung phones . when an update is interrupted or fails for whatever reason , the phone will not boot in either normal or recovery mode , and will present the " firmware upgrade encountered an issue . . . " error . the solution is to start the phone in download mode ( usually by holding the volume down button while powering it on from turned off state , ) and then try re-flashing the update . if you are having trouble with samsung 's kies software , you may want to try odin or heimdall utilities . it is not necessary to flash the full rom to get rid of the error , you can flash a modem firmware of a custom/stock recovery instead . just make sure whatever you are planning to flash is designed for your specific device model . as long as the last flashing attempt completes successfully , your phone should no longer show the above error , and allow you to proceed with voiding your warranty ; )
another solution would be to buy some google play credit you enter the code you buy into your wife 's play store , and you can use that balance to buy apps
if the device that already has the app installed is rooted , you can pull the .apk file . this can be achieved a few different ways : using a specialized app ( such as appmonster or titanium backup ) via adb pull if the adb daemon runs in root-mode ( it usually does not , but that can be achieved using adbd insecure ) src using a file explorer and granting it root access , and searching for the apk in your /data/ partition disclaimer : as long as you pull these files " for backup " but keep them to yourself , there should not be any legal risks . any other use may constitute warez . using this method to install the . apk file to another device is at your own will and risk .
a solution could be to add your google account to her phone , disable all syncing ( gmail , calendar , contacts , etc . ) , and then install the app from the play store from your account . i did this with my wife 's phone so that i could use some apps that i had purchased but on her phone . google play currently has " no data move functionality available " source so transferring purchases is not an option .
there are various ways through which you could buy a premium for other users you wish you can buy some credit through the google play gift card as john has suggested although its availability is limited ( i.e. . if google play gift cards are not supported in their area then it would be waste of buying the credit ) . some applications also have the " pay for other 's " feature like in whatsapp . through this if both the users are using and you wish to make another user a premium then you can go in for this option . this option is normally available under the settings . good part - this feature is not geographically limited . bad part - both the users need to use this software . download bluestacks on any desktop or laptop . login with the other person 's account ( your wife 's gmail account ) . select the app from my apps and you can purchase it . good part - you do not at all require any android operating device . you can download it on any windows operating system . ( correct me if i am wrong on this ) bad part - although blue stacks works perfectly for almost all the apps some applications may not work properly ( depending on your machine 's hardware limitations ) and does not support any os other then windows update :-here when a has downloaded the blue stacks he will install the tiny cam app for which he has to purchase it . as a has signed in using his wife 's account all the purchases will be made in the name of the account holder i.e. his wife not on a so on doing so automatically the purchase is made on the wife 's email id . later when his wife will open the play store the application will be automatically installed/updated as a premium .
good question , there is no gift system in google play like steam has . this app has a free version limited to 4 simultaneous cameras and 30 secs audio , try that one . if she really needs the full vesion , you can register your pay method , but each time you change one payment method to your google 's account they discount 1,5 usd from you credit card so take that in count .
if the app is available from amazon 's app store you can buy the app on amazon from a pc and then install the app on the phone from amazon 's app store app .
short answer you yourself cannot . but you can ask the developer to implement that . tl ; dr explanation in easy terms : an app itself must " register for this service " , which must be done in code . the " share picker " is not handled by apps directly – it is rather the system taking care for that . so it must be made known to the system if an app has something to contribute ( or can accept from ) here , and if so , for what actions/content types . for example , an url ( link ) basically is " normal text " ( consisting of characters ) , so it could be copy/pasted to other " text processing apps " ( notepads , word processors , etc . ) ; but it could also be passed to browsers or other link-sharing apps in a specific way . a video makes no sense to be copied into a text-based app , so when " sharing " it you would not like a notepad-type app to be in the share menu ( which otherwise would be really cluttered pretty soon ) . so an app must " tell " the system what type of " sharing content " it can accept , and it must provide a " standardized interface " for this which the system ( or rather its " share " component ) then can address . additional hints as your question was for a dictionary-type app : several other apps support those directly . so e.g. colordict ( my personal favorite currently ) is an online/offline dictionary app directly supported by e.g. moon+ reader ( my favorite app for reading ebooks – epub , mobi , pdf , and more supported ) . looking up a term even makes colordict blending in seemlessly . so apart from the " standard sharing option " of the system , there are also other ways to achieve things . but again , it is up to the developer to implement this .
my google music 5.3.1317m . 940995 running on a nexus 4 with cm11 stores the mp3 files under /data/data/com.google.android.music/files/music you need root to access that directory . a older version of google music on a galaxy s stored it on the sd card . and , as i read in the official changelog , google music 5 . x seems to be able to use the sd card as storage too . which makes sense for devices with low internal storage space ( /data/data ) .
if you have a lot of patience and a little bit of *unix wisdom this should not too hard for you . just open up a shell or connect using adb and try : become root : su  search for the song : find / -name "*.mp3" 
the issue of course is that it is root issue , if you are not rooted it is hidden from view . the best way around it that i currently know is via the pc . download and install the listen app for your pc , then you can download the music you have bought from the play store , and you can use the standard explorer to transfer to your music folder . which is how i deal with it and am able to use my preferred music player . only resort to listen when i want to listen to an album i have not downloaded .
i have the exact same problem , the only thing that fixes is doing :  e2fsck -fpDC0 /dev/block/mmcblk0p2  but i have to do it every boot .
its because of you are using max amount sdcard that an ace can support . ace supports 32gb maximum , and you are using the same . but its fact that ace supports 32gb , but it may cause problems mounting that much higher amount . you can try 16gb class 10 , it may be accurate .
i think ussd checker is the app that you are looking for . it allows you to send ussd codes to your network without the use of a dialer . i have not tried it myself though so comment whether it works or not would help .
i am actually not sure that the kernel version matters for this exploit . it was a bug that was patched in the platform_system_core repository , which i think comprises libraries and system files that live on in the /system directory ( the readme says as much ) . the patch was committed on july 19 , 2010 ( in the froyo branch , anyway ) . i would wager that any kernel with a build date later than that also has the updated system files , so the system would not be vulnerable . uname -a would tell you the build date of a given device 's kernel , but beyond that i do not know that you could really line it up with a specific kernel version , especially on devices from different manufacturers/carriers/etc .
ogg is supported by default . supported media formats
you are right i just played with trying to set a dropbox image as my wallpaper , and can not believe that there is not an easier way . part of the problem seems to be that if you open a dropbox image , it is not sent to the gallery or the system default image viewer ( which would let you do things like set as wallpaper ) but dropbox uses its own ( html ? ) viewer . there are feature requests in dropbox 's " votebox " that are requesting features that would fix this . it is probably worth heading over there and letting them know that you had like this feature , this option looks like the most likely ( but you can just go to votebox and search for android to see all the relevant ones ) : add dropbox photos to android gallery update : if you download photos from dropbox , they do appear in the gallery in a folder called " photos " . now that they are in the gallery , you can set them as wallpaper the same as normal . you might need to force the media scanner to start before they will show up in the gallery , this previous question has options for forcing that to run .
when i select an image from dropbox , it opens to be viewed . then if i press and hold the image , i am given the option to open , download , share or delete the image . if i choose open , the image opens in a view similar to the gallery in which i can press menu , then set as and finally , wallpaper . this still requires several steps but you never have to actually download the image from dropbox .
htc one v phone . i e-mail the photo from dropbox to myself . open pic , press , hold , release and your options are there . set as wallpaper and photo saves in gallery ( all photos ) or just download .
are you starting android virtual machine from within eclipse or directly ? if you are running it from eclipse then before starting eclipse just make sure to run the below command : sudo export UBUNTU_MENUPROXY=0  now start the eclipse and try running avd from it . i hope this helps . it solved this issue at my end when i faced the similar problem .
one of the simple way is 1 . synchronize your phone contacts with google . 2 . merge contacts in your google account . 3 . delete all your contact in mobile . 4 . synchronize again with your google contacts . i just merged most of my duplicate contacts using this way .
after much searching for an answer , i found this in another forum . i use companionlink to sync my old palm desktop database to my s3 . the contact records come into the device showing as a phone record , but most times do not auto join to facebook and linkedin records . . . even if the names match exactly . i tried in vain on many records to join contacts by clicking on a contact then selecting the paperclip icon to join contacts . i would go through the motions and join the contacts , and get a confirmation that contacts were joined , even though it never actually happened . this solution below works ! it appears that the ' main ' way of getting this done ( at least with jelly bean ) has a programming flaw . hopefully it will be fixed when key lime pie comes out . in the interim , use this solution below . do this : open the settings for one of the contacts ( click on the " pencil " while viewing the contact ) put the cursor at the end of the contacts last name , like you are changing their name , and type a space ( hit space bar ) then it will bring up other similar contacts below . choose the account you want join by touching it and the phone will prompt you to join contacts . this method has not failed !
if you follow the method found in the lifehacker article , you would indeed need to root your phone , which would mean that you would not be able to receive ota updates , unless you were to later un-root your phone , going back to the stock firmware ( rom ) . you would not necessarily lose your current settings , but you would have trouble upgrading to jelly bean via an ota upgrade unless you un-rooted , as mentioned above . i am sure you would have to unlock your bootloader as well , prior to rooting , although i am not really familiar with your particular model of phone .
in theory you should get full speed but this things can be dodgy sometimes . make sure you make these speedtests at the same spot and at the same time to avoid congestion and diffrent signal strenghts effecting the test . you can try usb tethering and see if the speed improves . if you can not find usb tethering in settings there are apps that should allow you to try this . you can also try to put the phone to a better spot ( signal wise ) when using the wifi tether . on an unrelated note , please try to be more precise when using units such as kbps . you used bits 3 times and byte once . a small ( normal ) b means a bit and a large ( capital ) b a byte . one byte is 8 bits . 40 kbps ( kilo bits per seconds ) is 5kb/s ( kilo bytes per seconds ) . please do the tests again and edit your question with the correct numbers with correct units or post in a comment . it is also possible that your computer is doing some stuff ( such as cheking for windows updates or antivirus definitions ) that might effect your speedtest . also the compter might show the results in a diffent unit than your phone , so the numbers are smaller but the speed is the same .
no , this does not seems to be normal . when i use my phone for tethering i get the full 100% speed my phone is normally capable of . maybe you network supplier is slowing down the connection or the tethering isnt working all that great .
while looking around my android filesystem , i found that it did , in fact have a /etc/init.d/ directory . after peeking around in there , i found /etc/init.d/20userinit with the following lines : this being , of course , exactly what i needed , i wrote the following script on my computer then pushed it to my device : #!/system/bin/sh dropbear -s -g  ( pushed to device via scp userinit.sh phone:/data/local/userinit.sh , mind you : ] ) rebooted the device , then ran ps | grep "[d]ropbear" , and sure enough , it is running . coolness !
look to /etc/ directory . usually it is placed in /system/ partition which you can mount as rw : and later remount ro : $ chmod o-w /system/etc $ mount -o remount,ro /system  now your task to find executable or *rc file which you modify to achieve your goal : $ find /etc -type f -perm +110 $ find /etc -name "*rc" $ find /etc -name "init*" $ grep -R /data /etc $ grep -R /system /etc  google about each candidate to get know how this file was used . good candidate for including custom scripts are lines from : $ grep service /init*.rc  as each device unique you may need to do own guess about search criteria . . . for example i found /etc/mkshrc which used by korn shell . i update this file to extend PATH env var and now each time i do adb shell i have busybox symlinks in my path ! see also hard way ( if you have no luck with finding magic file ) : stackexchange-url
/data/init.sh runs at boot , if you have root you can edit it as you like . be careful ; ) edit : apparently you might need to shoehorn the edited script into the boot image as well . info on how to do that here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=443994
recent versions of cryptonite include an actual port of the truecrypt code to android . the following restrictions apply at this time : no gui - command-line access only . requires fuse . most cyanogenmod roms except of motorola builds support fuse . requires root . only works with local volumes . no cloud storage support . it is available on google play as well . to get started , select the " expert " tab , click " start root terminal " , then use truecrypt from the command line .
a lot of people are asking that question . here 's one . some people are offering bounties . like at xda-developers . some people have suggested alternatives . axcrypt looks like an alternative , and there is an alpha product that works with it ( and dropbox ) called boxcryptor . but i have not found an actual port of truecrypt to android , nor any information about plans to do so .
i got out of a middle eastern language and back to english by pressing : Apps &gt; Settings &gt; Language and input &gt; Samsung keyboard settings (and OK) &gt; English UK .
you can not change the app store country , it is determined by the carrier you use . you can try searching the internet for the app you want in apk . in china facebook is blocked and google play does not allow you to download it , but it is freely available elsewhere online in apk format .
go to application manager under settings and clear the app 's stored info . then , restart the app , and select the proper country .
do as follows : go to Settings &rarr ; Applications &rarr ; Samsung Apps and then tap the clear data and clear cache buttons . back to all applications , find samsung apps and click on it . select now the correct country . note : the correct country should be where you currently are , or the country in which you registered first . try first country first , and if it is still does not work - simply repeat steps 1-2 above with the other country . hope it works for you !
you can try un-installing the app ( in application manager ) , it will ask if you want to replace the un-installed version with the " factory version " . when that is complete you should be able to select the country of your choice . n.b. i also un-installed all updates on the app before i un-installed the app , i am not sure if this helped with the outcome .
i am afraid there is no real protection possible , for multiple reasons : as you stated , all apps can read everywhere on the sdcard . this does not require any special permission apps with the INTERNET permission are not restricted in using the network in any way -- they even can create their own sockets and implement their own ways of communication while using an encrypted container would look promising on a first look , the camera app could not access this container either when it is not opened -- and if the container is opened , other apps could access it as well . so even using such a container and have it replacing /sdcard/DCIM does not work for your purpose summed up : if you want that level of protection , you either . . . cannot use any app requiring the INTERNET permission ( no way for that , as several of them already come pre-installed with your device ) need to root your device and set up a firewall forbidding all apps to access the internet ( which , outside the eu , would void your warranty ) need to have mobile-data as well as wifi disabled all the time , and never connect your device to any network as none of the above is really practicable , you need to compromise : when selecting the apps you want to install/use , check beforehand how trustworthy they are -- and keep your fingers away from " suspicious apps " as well as " suspicious sources " . as long as you are only concerned about the photos you take : if you find a camera app which can use an encrypted container solely by itself , this might be a way to go ( i never heard of such , but it would be possible to create it , so it might exist ) . another possible thing would be a " container app " that lets you specify which apps are permitted to access it . but keep in mind that your gallery app ( which you use to view the photos ) most likely will have the INTERNET permission as well . . . edit : as compro01 pointed out in his comment below , with android 4.1 and up you can add some protection by enabling the " protect sd card " item in the developer options . if that is activated , apps ( including your camera app ) need to have the READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE respective WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE permission to access the sdcard . moreover , perennialpinömpel found an app named informacam : informacam , part of the securesmartcam suite of mobile apps , is a tool that allows users to embed expansive metadata into video or still images ; encrypt media to trusted destinations using pgp ; and securely upload media to trusted destinations who are capable of accepting informacam media . unfortunately , neither that app nor the full suite is available on google play currently . i also could not find an .apk on the mentioned site , so one would have to clone its git repository , and compile the app .
install wireless tether app ( free ) if you are rooted . it features access control . means , you can use it to allow/deny ad-hoc clients for mobile data . ofcourse , for this . . it'll need to display connected clients . and , it works with galaxy nexus lte ! update : you can use fing - network tools , too . its clean way for your task .
you can not install android like windows or linux - every handset is a little bit different due to hardware and carrier changes . you could call technical support for your phone to find out how to change the language ( easy option ) , or find a rom to install that has what you want ( much harder option ) .
it sounds like you do not actually want to format and reinstall android on your phone , all you really want to do is reverse all of the changes that you have made and set it back to how it was when you first got the phone . android is set up differently from windows so that you should never need to format it and reinstall the os . there are two halves to the storage , there is the system partition where the android operating system is installed that is read-only , and there is a separate user partition which is where all of your settings , changes , apps and data are stored . this is why your file explorer can not edit files in the phone memory , it is for safety to stop you breaking your phone and to stop you ever needing to reinstall the os . all that you actually need to do is wipe your user settings . a " factory reset " is how you clear off all your changes , settings , apps and data and get things back to how they were when you first bought the phone ( make sure that you back up your data first . in the settings app you should find a menu option called backup and reset , if you go into there you should find an option called factory data reset this will do the reset back to defaults for you . for more on what terms like root and reset mean , please see this previous question : what is the difference between : rooting , jailbreak , rom , mod , etc . ?
i found that most of the time such type of problem are solved by this link . steps : ( for Windows specific instructions ) : ensure phone is not connected to pc . uninstall kies from pc . reboot your pc and reinstall kies after that . just for great measure . . . open kies , go to Tools | Troubleshoot connection error . follow instructions and wait for it to finish the troubleshooting procedure . reboot your phone ( or turn off and then on your phone again ) . Do not connect it to your PC just yet. once rebooted , go to your phone 's dialer , type *#7284# - a configuration window will appear . in that window 's usb section , if it is default to pda , tap modem , then back to pda , ( if it is modem in the beginning , change it to pda ) then press the back key to exit . most importantly , it must set as pda when you exit . turn off usb debugging in your phone . ( optional ) set your phone 's screen timeout to a lengthy time . ( minimum 1-2 minutes - recommended 5mins to 30mins ) its found in settings | display . you can change this back later on . connect the phone to your pc with usb cable and let windows load your drivers . . . and wait for the drivers to get reinstalled . once reinstalled , disconnect the phone off usb . switch usb debugging back on in your phone settings , and reconnect the phone back - you will see windows load another set of drivers for your phone . wait until it is completed . ( this step is a precautionative measure to ensure your phone is identified with all the necessary drivers ) once complete , unplug your phone , and turn off usb debugging . . . this is to ensure mtp will initialize . also , press the phone 's home key until your homescreen is displayed . only after doing all that , reconnect your phone back to pc . test and see if mtp works using windows explorer . you will see your phone 's usb storage and sdcard contents if it does . hope it will help you . .
first , you need to be aware of two facts : android uses more than one file system ( think of " multiple drives/partitions " when comparing with your computer while sharing a common base , directory structures might differ between manufacturers so as starting points , i further recommend the file-system tag-wiki and the partition tag-wiki ( you might also want to take a look at the most frequented questions using those tags ) . in my answer , i will concentrate on the mentioned " common base " . however , there still might be deviations made by some manufacturers . partitions as said , android makes use of multiple partitions . in the file system , they are represented by " directories " , which serve as their mount-points : ¹ details below ² virtual file systems ³ these might differ . often , /mnt/sdcard is the internal sdcard , while the external sdcard is found in /mnd/sdcard/external_sd . above list is far from being complete , but should hold the most important partitions . directories here i again will concentrate of the partitions which are most interesting ( or this answer would get far to long and , for most readers , boring . /data and /data/data these are in most cases two separate partitions , but there might be cases where this is handled otherwise . one thing they have in common ( add /cache here as well ) : they get wiped on a factory-reset , while the other partitions are usually left untouched by that . as for the directories contained , i will again concentrate on a selection ; most things here you either cannot touch without having your device rooted . ¹ for details on the dalvik cache , see : dalvik ² each app gets its own data directory assigned here , using the app 's package name . there might be a similar directory on your sdcard , mostly used by apps with larger amounts of data . ³ usually , files are stored here temporarily to be installed/executed . google play e.g. downloads .apk files to this directory , before installing the downloaded app on your device of course , i intentionally skipped several directories . if you really want to go into details , this site might not be the best fitting place ( as we deal with end-user questions -- and end-users normally do not touch these things ) . in that case , several places/ressources might be recommended : xda developers good technical books on android ( there is e.g. andrew hoogs android forensics and mobile security , which goes much deeper into details here ) where can i ask questions that are not android enthusiast questions ?
as i have read in different places : freezing apps does not necessarily mean their services will not be running anymore . it seems even frozen apps are able to react on broadcasts , so freezing alone will not solve the issue . reference : if the app you freeze is sending the intent , then no the intent will no longer happen . but if the app is receiving intents , then yes it should still receive them . ( ase ) the solution would be to use an app like e.g. autorun manager pro ( yes , the pro -- the free version is limited here ) to disable separate listeners , so the corresponding services will no longer be started . a free alternative might be autostart manager which i have not tested myself : autorun manager / autostart manager ( click image to enlarge ) having disabled the corresponding listener , the app ( frozen or not ) should no longer receive the broadcast for the event it usually reacts on , so it will no longer start on that event , and thus no longer be running -- unless started manually .
use titanium backup ( or similar software ) to freeze or uninstall the services/apps you do not want to use . be careful since you might break the system if some needed apps/services are not found .
you want be able to access google play . so none of the normal automatic updating will work . some apps may be avalible from other sources in which case you may be able to update them manually it will be an app by app thing .
no google account means no play store . and one thing is clear , if you do not sign in with google account then it will not allow you to download or update any application from/to play store .
its not possible . . . you need a google account to download any app and to do any kind of operation on the apps .
it would almost certainly void your warranty , even if you somehow managed to do it without rooting . they also probably would not work -- 2.3 introduced several features that are not present in 2.2 . and apart from google apps , many apps like gallery/etc . are device specific .
according to google+ community comments from multiple people , chrome beta browser has this effect . uninstall chrome beta and begin using normal chrome to fix it .
as well as getting access to samsung 's sync and backup service , creating a samsung account also gets you access to samsung 's app store . it is not as extensive as the main play store , but it has a good selection of apps . whether you think that is a " real benefit " or not is entirely up to you .
it might take a minute or five , but certainly not an hour . but i know what happened to you as it happened to me too when i flashed my first rom . keeping it short : the ever-looping boot animation you are seeing is silently saying that you forgot to clean the caches after you have flashed your cyanogenmod rom . to fix that , do : reboot into clockworkmod . whipe the " dalvik cache " . optionally , while the " cache " . reboot into cyanogenmod . most of the time , it is simple an unwhiped " dalvik cache " messing things up . yet , in the unlikely case that should not fix it ( for example - when you were not running a previous cyanogenmod rom before you flashed your current one ) , you will have to do a " factory reset " too . but 1-4 should get you going , so i would not factory-reset it on the first attempt . ; )
if you want to connect to your home pc from your phone , there is connectbot
take a look at quicksshd - it claims " root " is optional , but i do not know whether it'll work with what you are trying to achieve . there is also the quite popular connectbot which should allow you to tunnel in to your pc .
apk ( android package ) file is a file format which is created by google . this format is one of the group members of executable files ( similar to exe , mst , air ) . apk file extension is in the open handset alliance which is a mobile phone platform based on linux . this file extension is especially created when using google 's android sdk . apk files contain the code files , resource files and the androidmanifest xml file extension . for more detail http://edugoing.com/qna/index.php?qa=14qa_1=describe-the-apk-format#a171
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/apk_(file_format) apk files are a variant of the jar file format , which are built on the zip file format , with a . apk file extension .
it simply does not seem possible . on android , pictures are shown in imageview components , and this component does not support displaying gifs . on most android versions , you can not do it . maybe a custom contacts app can have the capability .
you can use an application called diskusage . it displays your files and folders in a tree view with their respective size . it requires root only for the /data folder . it has often helped me to track biggest files on my sdcard and useless pre-installed apk . : )
just get x-plore mate ; d . i have been usign it since 2006 . it is available on multiple platforms . you can see system folders . you can see hidden files and folders . which you can delete/copy/move ( be careful when you do that ) you can open many archived files as well . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.lonelycatgames.xplore
this is because the command you used to invoke heimdall was , heimdall flash --recovery and , heimdall is caps sensitive , try this instead . heimdall flash --recovery . /clockworkmod_6.0.3.2_jfltespr . img --no-reboot
my partition was not called recovery but " sos " . you can check it by doing : heimdall print-pit --verbose from a terminal while the tab is in download mode . i flashed my p7510 . gist : https://gist.github.com/pskiden/6311605
edit : nevermind . turns out the rom manager installation on cm9 was not actually up to date , and apparently my backups were not all named consistently . it seems that rom manager uses the format : yyyy-mm-dd-hh . nn . ss while cwm recovery uses the format : yyyy-mm-dd . hh . nn . ss which is why they did not seem to sort correctly . updating and making the names consistent solved the issue .
ah well . it appears that the stock email app does not do sni . this means that in the initial connection to the server it was presented with another certificate it should discard ( but did not ) . it seems to me that this is a feature request for the email app , as other apps do implement sni . changing the apache ssl configuration to use sni with an initial certificate signed with the " gert van dijk ca " still did not solve it . logcat then showed : I/Exchange(12307): IOException while sending request: Cannot verify hostname: mail.mydomain.tld  setting mail.mydomain.tld as initial certificate solved it . i consider this an ugly work around until this has been fixed in the email app .
i have a similar setup with ipod classic ( 160 gb ) and asus transformer tf300t . i have yet to find a direct method to connect ipod to the tablet and sync via an app . as of now , the only way is via a computer . if you want to go the pc way , you can use isyncr for pc and sync playlists . isyncr also has an app for mac . however , i am not sure of pictures being synced via isyncr . another option is to export all the music via programs like floola to your computer and later transfer to the tablet .
the Lock time zone setting in the s planner says : lock event times and dates to your selected time zone below . times and dates will not change even if you move to another time zone . this means that the event retains the same timezone it was originally created with . however , the display will be adjusted according to the locked timezone . e.g. if you were originally in gmt+3 , and you created an event using gmt+3 at 10:00 , and then locked the timezone at gmt+4 , then you will see that the time has changed to gmt+4 11:00 to reflect the selected timezone . internally , this is still gmt+3 10:00 . new events that you create will be based on the locked timezone .
login to your gmail . on left side you can see gmail click on that and you will see contacts . click on contacts and you will be able to manage all your contacts that are sync . note : use the email which you used in phone or one in which contacts are synced
remember : when creating a contact , you can decide where to store it . usually , there are at least 3 choices : google , sim , phone . if i read your question correctly , it looks like you have a copy in each of these places . in this case , tirath 's suggestion does not work , as gmail will only see what is sync'd there ( and phone + sim do not get sync'd ) . you then might want to take a look at apps like contact remover ( to ease deletion of the duplicates ) , or contact remover plus which also offers to merge or move them .
since you have already rooted your phone , this should help . here !
power control plus will do this , and more . specifically for you , it will open up the settings page to toggle 2g/3g . however , it is not free . it will cost you $2 .
please see this link on wikipedia : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/android_version_history see usage share wikipedia reference , obtaining user agent and application is not straight forward . many android browsers identify themselves as safari on ios ( among other things ) in order to aid compatibility many linux browsers identify themselves as safari on mac os x ( among other things ) in order to aid compatibility when i use dolphin my user agent does not show anything resembling gingerbread 2.3.4 or my browser . the following is by default though i can change my user agent that is part of using a browser . dolphin showing as a mobile device : user agent : mozilla/5.0 ( linux ; u ; android 2.3.4 ; en-us ; a1_07 build/grj22 ) applewebkit/533.1 ( khtml , like gecko ) version/4.0 mobile safari/533.1 dolphin with user agent as desktop : user agent : mozilla/5.0 ( macintosh ; u ; intel mac os x 10_6_3 ; en-us ) applewebkit/533.1 ( khtml , like gecko ) version/5.0 safari/533.1 for the default android browser on my tablet : user agent : mozilla/5.0 ( linux ; u ; android 2.3.4 ; en-us ; a1_07 build/grj22 ) applewebkit/533.1 ( khtml , like gecko ) version/4.0 mobile safari/533.1 and for firefox user agent : on my tablet mozilla/5.0 ( android ; mobile ; rv:31.0 ) gecko/31.0 firefox/31.0 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/usage_share_of_web_browsers http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/browser_sniffing to go much beyond general user oriented information/interest , you would have find out more from developers .
i would try a factory reset via Settings -&gt; Privacy -&gt; Factory data reset . this will wipe your phone , so make sure to do a back up first if you need to ( you can search this site for backup methods ) .
no need to factory reset your phone . simply turn off mobile tracker , it will work .
there are two basic scenario : you disabled the notification from the app itself . so open the setting of the app and enable notification there you removed the notification power of the app from system setting menu open settings -> apps . click on the name of the required app and make sure " show notifications " is enabled .
according to the fix app , the actual bug it fixes is 34880 . basically , play installs paid apps to the wrong location , specifically to /mnt/asec instead of /data/app . when the service cache is generated on boot , that location is not yet mounted , so the service and the associated accounts gets removed . this works around that by using the same account on a non-paid app , which installs normally , get picked up by the service cache , and this prevents the account from getting removed .
it is an lg bug exposed by a recent google chrome change : http://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/chrome/-ns44h44aqs%5b1-25-true%5d
have you tried starting it in safe mode ? press and hold the power key to boot up your samsung gt-i9100 galaxy s ii . after the start-up animation begins to display , press and hold the volume down key . when the lock screen is displayed safe mode is displayed in the lower-left corner of the screen . to boot your samsung gt-i9100 galaxy s ii in normal mode again restart your device . if you have installed / updated something recently , try removing it and see . . . if that does not work , you might need to effectively re-install the os by flashing a rom of choice if you can boot to recovery , flash a new rom ( or a new version of the stock samsung rom ) . check out the relevant forum on xda-developers . else , use odin to flash via your pc and usb cable . be mindful of the model and variant - the international i9100 differs from other us based variants .
as of right now , the only root method for the at and t s4 4.4.2 is via a convoluted flashing method detailed on xda developers . it is definitely not low-risk , nor anywhere close to one-click . additionally , a new update is supposedly rolling out , so this may complicate things even further .
download and run towelroot . it worked perfectly on my at and t s4 kitkat 4.4.2 sgh-1337 that i could not root before .
no . as far as i know , you will have to change them all manually . you may want to try out other alarm clock apps , though . i use alarm clock extreme ( free and paid ) , and while i can not batch update in that either , i can set defaults for every option for new alarms . if you really want a bunch of alarms to have one ringtone that can be updated later , you could use llama . one of the features in that app is that you can set a ringtone to a profile ( called a llamatone ) . then when you create an alarm , you tell it to use the llama ringtone ; llama registers as an option for ringtone selection . in the future , you only change the llama ringtone , and all the alarms will be updated . basically , you are creating an alias or shortcut . edit yes , you can ! if you have root , that is . the main alarm clock app keeps all of its alarms in a sqlite database . you can run a sql query to update them in one go . first , create a new alarm with the ringtone you want all other alarms to use . then run the commands below ( in bold ) . modify the alert to be the same as the alert you wish to use . sqlite3 /data/data/com.android.deskclock/databases/alarms.db sqlite&gt; .headers ON sqlite&gt; select * from alarms; sqlite&gt; update alarms set alert="content://media/internal/audio/media/58"; sqlite&gt; select * from alarms;
the " not compatible with this device " message encompasses more than just the os version . the play store also checks for other software and hardware components that the app 's developer listed as requirements . these components can range from a minimum screen resolution , to having particular hardware ( e . g . tegra 3 chipset ) . you can try searching for a given app on google play store website to get a better idea of the incompatibility .
winamp supports replaygain in its desktop versions , so the android version might also support it ( i am not positive , but it seems reasonable ) . it definitely does support scrobbling , though i have not used it myself . you could give that a try and see if it fits your needs .
deadbeef supports replaygain and many file formats . also has a nice interface , but its integration with the standard music library is not as good . still , well worth a try .
sounds like windows had an open file handle when you disconnected and something got corrupted . i would attempt to copy everything over to your computer and then format it . get the usb drivers from somewhere official .
i clicked format on the device , causing the sd card to show up again in windows . format thankfully did not actually format it - in the sense that it did not wipe the data . i only know this because i have installed the demo of zar , which has found image and video files to recover . my options now are to either buy the full version of zar , on the assumption that if it recovered images and video the other data is intact , or to find an alternative program that is free . edit : i am currently running photorec , which contrary to its name , has so far found mp3 files and a txt file to recover . i am hoping it is also able to read obscure or non existent file extensions , so that apps which had decided to locate themselves on the sd card can be recovered .
untested by me , but check out : finger letter handwriting there is also handwritingnote , but it seems a bit limited . qmemo also seems like an alternative , based on what you require .
sparx 's suggestions seem pretty good . here are a few more ( also untested ) : genial handwriting myletter ( this one seems if-y ) graffiti for android ( very cool if it works because it converts the handwritten notes to text )
jotter is very good , but it is specifically for the samsung galaxy note .
it is my creation , but you may be interested : antipaper notes
android automatically connects to all wifi networks it has configured . so basically , if you do not want that to happen , you could either turn wifi off ( which would also disable to connect to the other wifi networks , which is not what you want ) -- or delete the configuration for the network you do not want to connect to automatically ( which would make you lose its settings , on the first glance ) . the first option is not in your interest -- but the second can be helpful , even if you do not see this immediately . you could use an app like wifi qr share first to convert that networks settings into a qr code , then print out this generated qr code . store it in a safe place ( e . g . laminate it , cut it down to credit-card size , and put it in your briefcase ) . now delete this wifi networks configuration -- it will no longer auto-connect . if you want to connect it manually , that does not mean to enter all the configuration again : simply open your qr code reader ( barcode scanner should do fine ) , scan the qr , and connect . do not forget to delete the configuration again afterwards . unfortunately , there is no way to mark a network " manual only " , so this seems the easiest way to me .
you can use the locale app to disable your wifi whenever that ssid is in range . you will need the wifi plugin for this to work . reenabling the wifi can be triggered by different events . i chose to use the movement condition to determine when i am leaving . you could also use location or time events to turn on the wifi .
go to wallet . google . com , sign in with the same account you used to set up the play store , select payment methods , click the edit or delete link next to the card you want to edit/delete . for more info , refer to this google wallet help page
in astrid 's settings , under Reminder settings there is an option to turn Notification persistence on or off . this determines whether or not notifications can be cleared with Clear All button .
astrid tasks uses notifications that cannot be cleared by clicking on the " clear " button . why they did this is a question only the astrid developers can answer , but my guess is the people from astrid want to remind you of a task until you actually finish it and/or change its status in astrid . by default notifications on android can be cleared , but an app developer can choose to make a notification not-clearable ( if you want technical details on how to do this , go here ) . if there are any notifications that can be cleared , the clear button is enabled/visible but will not clear any non-clearable notifications when clicked .
like thelper said . there is no workaround for this as yet - so i am sorry to say that there is no way to remove the notification .
you can remove the notification by clicking on the notification and snoozing the task . the notifications is persistent so you can not accidentally be removed without having finished the task .
you can also press the menu button and then " notifications " to pull down the notification screen . it will not be shorter but you will not risk pressing the shortcuts on the top of the screen . and on some phone when holding it with one hand it is easier to use the menu button than to reach the top of the screen .
you should not need to long tap the notification bar , just tap and swipe down .
to answer your questions , yes - there is an app that will allow you to invoke the notification panel : exsbar allows you to assign the long-press search button or long-press camera button to this function . whether or not this is " an easier way " depends on you , the end-user . :- )
maybe the mp4 file contains video packed with a wrong/unsupported codec . try recoding the video to a format that is supported by your phone . a quick search showed videora android converter . it seems easy to use and converts to formats supported by android .
does the . mp4 play as a video on a desktop os ? can you ' vouch ' for the source ? . mp4 is a container format and may well only contain audio , or is corrupt and the player can only salvage the audio . . . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mpeg-4_part_14
i use option 4 ( dlna ) quite beautifully for streaming both music and video to my phone/tablet/ps3 and tablet within wi-fi range in my house . my setup is : pc mediatomb running on ubuntu-linux ( if you run windows , i am sure there are alternatives ) tablet / phone : upnplay ( free on google play ) linked to your favorite media player pros : all media sits on one machine all my devices ( phone , tablet ps3* ) can stream media from that location secure over encrypted network no bandwidth issues cons : my pc has to be on 24/7 . *ps3 only recognises some divx codecs
i have had a squeezebox streaming media player for years and the software which is also downloadable free is pretty good so i use that . i can stream remotely , as per original question , when i am away from the house and i have used xiialive as an android player . it is not as light as player as i would prefer but it works . the server also looks after submissions to last . fm which keeps me happy . all free software . the squeezebox server is also cross platform .
have a look at soundwire .
generally , galaxy devices have AllShare app which is dlna certified software . if your device does not have AllShare , install skifta . now , all you need is a dlna certified media streaming server on pc . fortunately , Windows Media Player 11 on windows xp has this capability . so , you do not need extra software . make sure your music collection is in wmp library . you do not need any extra-terrestrial configurations as dlna certified products feature upnp ( universal plug and play ) . just make sure apps ( or , its services ) are open and are connected to same network ( lan/wlan ) . its the best way for streaming media because its upnp . it was designed to get rid of complexities of traditional media streaming solutions . and , it supports pictures and videos too .
if you are looking to just play music anywhere in the house , the option to just access a file share from your phone and play music from it is probably your best bet . es file explorer has a samba plugin that should allow just that , and most music players should be able to do playlists . as an aside , no matter which option you chose you do not have to worry about bandwidth so long as you are using a locally hosted option to stream your music ( ie , not a cloud service like google music ) . however , if you want a lot of control and the ability to stream to multiple devices simultaneously like an internal house radio station over your local network , i would strongly recommend subsonic . you have an enormous amount of control over your media via the app from any machine running the subsonic app , and they have apps for all phone and pc platforms . the only catch is that there is a $20 license to use the phone apps . however , that would not stop you from just tuning into the streaming feed from your phone and using the browser based interface instead to control your music .
subsonic . it is extremely robust and easy to use . it is open source but there is a licensing . however as it is open source you can remove easily the license . ( and this is perfectly legal ) see https://github.com/khresearch/subsonic
the second partition should be fat32/fat16 only because gingerbread does not support linking to ext partitions .
two options : backup mantano 's database ( or the whole mantano folder ) use adobe digital editions to extract the annotations the first option will keep you locked in mantano . the second in ade , which more applications use it , but it is not as pervasive as one would like . the main problem with .epub is that annotations are not part of the standard , thus every application that supports it has to implement annotations in their own way , which usually means storing them out of the file . for pdfs , i use repligo , which stores the annotations inside the pdf . but many others like ezpdf accomplish this .
technically , cwm 6 is not doing incremental or full backups . what it is doing is storing " blobs " that are shared between backups if the data has not changed between the two . when you run a new backup , it reuses what it can . if you delete a backup set , you do not actually delete the data , and the next time you run a backup , cwm deletes any blobs no longer in use .
i know this is probably the last thing you want to do but a factory reset is probably the best thing to try .
i have not found any app . but using a terminal emulator on a rooted phone with busybox i can use : netstat -p ( or any other command 's argument needed ) .
i am the developer of locale . locale has a plug-in architecture , and there is a free plug-in available on the android market called " locale bluetooth plug-in " which provides this functionality .
yes . tasker will do this . when you are setting up the state , choose " bluetooth connected " , then click the magnifying glass next to the " name " field . it will search for paired bluetooth devices . choose the one you want and configure states/actions . then do it again for the other bt device .
i have just released a new bluetooth plugin for locale - which looks for bt devices by profile ( a2dp ( audio devices ) or headset/hands-free ) - optionally you can select a specific device to look for as well . check it out @ google play : locale bluetooth audio plugin
the prompt for the password is probably caused by one of those apps . try to remember the password you may have used for them . or else please provide a list of the apps you have tried . ( this can be achieved by going to the google play website and clicking on my apps . as a last resort you can restore your phone to it is factory settings by entering the recovery . to boot into the recovery press and hold power and volume up
here 's a solution from the lookout forums . this solution uses an app from the android app market , and is easier to install then the " logging test app " . the logging test app does not work on my phone ( samsung intercept ) . install any cut from the android app market . " any cut allows you to create home shortcuts to anything ! " go to " activities " . this will create a list of possible shortcuts on your system . it might take a minute for the list to appear . look for apps named ' iqrd ' and/or ' iqagent ' .
the people who make lookout now have carrier iq detector available in the market . note : it just detects it . it does not offer any tools to remove it ( for which you would need root anyway ) .
verizon claims that their phones are carrier iq-free .
on your phone 's home launcher , go to menu --> settings --> applications and look for anything that contains " carrier iq " , " iq " , or possibly " com . carrieriq . iqagent " if you are rooted , it appears that this app will check and see if it exists on your phone . the paid license key will also let you remove it from your phone . this app was made by trevor eckhart , the person who discovered this " vulnerability . " if you are not rooted , this app will attempt to detect carrier iq on your phone . and here is another app , by lookout , that will detect for carrier iq on your phone . also : if you are rooted and running a custom os , such as cyanogenmod , you should have no worries about carrier iq . carrier iq is bundled by the manufacturer/carrier and should not be included in a rom such as cyanogenmod as long as it is built from the aosp and is not a derivation of a manufactuer 's rom .
go to Settings -&gt; Accounts and sync -&gt; username@gmail.com , press the menu button , and click " sync now" ; it will prompt you to enter the credentials .
i found the solution ( on my samsung galaxy ace phone ) : i accessed gmail app on my phone , which prompted me to retype my password ( because i had previously changed it on a pc ) then , bang . . . market app started .
usually the phone should have detected the password change and a notification should appear in the notification bar to ask for a new password . are your phone connected to the internet ? if the phone does not detect the password change , try rebooting the phone . if the phone still are not asking for password , try removing your account and readding again , go to settings > account > remove account :
i searched around a bit , and i think what you want are key mappings for your bluetooth keyboard . i found this on mobileread . it looks like what you want to do is possible , but it may require a bit of work . i am getting a bluetooth keyboard , so i may end up trying this myself . as always , remember to backup anything important in case you run into some problems . i hope this helps . : )
the bookmarks are kept in an sqlite database . there is no stock tool to modify them directly . i did , however , find an app that can rearrange the order of your local bookmarks : bookmark sort and backup an issue has been opened about this in allow user to arrange bookmarks in ics stock web browser .
save it as contact ; then when you want to use it -> navigate to it ; and choose edit before sending .
i found a free app that will track this information for you : call meter ng . i do not know if installing this app right now will give you historical data but it is worth a shot .
you have not specified the android version , but on tablets the difference is generally because the system bar ( or " combined bar" ) is 48px ( specifically , 48dpi , but in your case that is 48 real pixels ) and the apps are only considering available screen space when they report the resolution : portrait = 768 x ( 976 + 48 ) = 768 x 1024 landscape = 1024 x ( 720 + 48 ) = 1024 x 768 some references : what is the true available resolution of a 10.1 android tablet ? asus tf101 tablet status bar steals 48 pixels metrics and grids ( from developer.android.com; explains why 48 dpi was chosen for ui components )
if the download is still in process , click the notification , select the download and select the ' cancel ' button . if the download has finished , then reboot your device . you can clear un-sent message notifications by clicking the notification .
no , it is not possible . how did i get such result ? as always i started to google this possibility but found nothing interesting . so i decided to check android browser source code . if you want you can download it by typing in console : git clone https://android.googlesource.com/platform/packages/apps/Browser  after 5-10 minutes ( i am not new in programming ) of looking repository i found 2 facts : 1 ) the homepage is saved as one String ( java type ) . 2 ) the homepage is opening by calling this function ( in Controller.java ) : @Override public Tab openTabToHomePage() { return openTab(mSettings.getHomePage(), false, true, false); }  so as you see ( if you know programming a bit ) it returns one tab , not several ( like List&lt;Tab&gt; ) .
rebooting the phone and setting it to connect via usb as internet connection -> ethernet worked for me . lg also has drivers on their site ( http://www.lg.com/us/support-mobile/lg-vs415pp ) but i am not sure they are necessary for this to work , and even with them installed adb only works when in ethernet mode . you are not wrong to be frustrated , though - i have been developing for android since 2009 and have used dozens of devices , and i have never once had one that required a setting like that for adb to work ( at least not any google-certified official devices ) . weird . edit ( aug 25 2014 ) - looks like after the phone is rebooted or unplugged , sometimes it " forgets " its connection mode , or tries to connect as an installer even though it is still set to do an ethernet internet connection . re-selecting the statusbar notification and setting it back to internet+ethernet again works , but it is kind of annoying to do regularly . then again , for the $25 i spent on this phone , i suppose i can not expect too much . . .
i have youtube app version 5.3.32 and the only way i could change accounts was to clear the data from settings > apps > youtube and when launching the app again it asked which account i wanted to use .
yes , add both your account to settings > account , then you can choose which account to sign in to on the youtube app . make sure to sign out first swipe left , and tap on sign in you should be presented with an account chooser
no , you cannot add an account to the youtube app and we are forced to use one account . i really do not understand why they have not added that yet . . .
log-in to youtube with your other account and then add it to google account . so next time you can choose either one from gmail ( there is option to switch accounts in gmail ) .
i actually found this site http://viewsonic-gtablet-for-dummies.webs.com/ , reading through it , its great ! just what i need .
slight disclaimer : i do not own a gtab , so i am not particularly familiar with it . that being said , rooting devices and installing custom roms is at least somewhat similar across devices . i would start by taking a look at this thread over on xda . it has links to a bunch of other threads with instructions on how to get a custom recovery ( clockworkmod ) on your device , how to flash a rom , and a bunch of other useful things . in particular , there is a pretty good guide for installing clockworkmod v08 , which would essentially get you to a point where you could follow the vegan-tab installation instructions . be advised that doing this will wipe all of the data on your device , so make a copy of anything you do not want to lose .
in addition to changing the password , you should go to the market on the web and " deactivate the device . "
you should check out lookout 's plan b app . it lets you find your phone after it is lost . i would recommend using seekdroid or where 's my droid in the future .
itunes can never be found nor used in android phones . it is " only " meant for apple users . unlike apple gadgets , android only can manage the content of their phone via their phone only , there is no trick or there is no app available to do it just like what itunes does . that makes apple and android very different . i used both apple and android and the truth is , i love managing android more than apple , it is less complicated and i do not have to worry about syncing most of the time . samsung kies only is used for you to sync your phone to a computer , it will not do you anything else . you have a nice phone , galaxy note 3 , why not try to explore it and maybe you will realize it is much easier to use than your phone before ? :- )
you will not find a good " itunes for android " for your desktop computer , because android was designed from the start to eliminate that dependency on a desktop computer . an iphone uses a protocol that only itunes understands , so itunes is the only way to get music and photos onto it ( originally , you had to install apps through itunes too : there was no app store on the iphone itself . ) in contrast , android phones use mtp to act like any media player device , so they show up as a drive on your desktop computer . ( originally they used the usb mass storage protocol , but that approach had shortcomings . ) you can just drag and drop files onto the phone , or you can use a more specific piece of software . for example , if you want to put music on your phone , and you do not want to drag and drop files , there is a choice of music software that support syncing to non-iphone music players , including android phones . rhythmbox and clementine are two examples . similarly , if you want to put some photos on there , you can just drag-and-drop them if your folders are neatly organised on your desktop computer , or you can use a photo manager like shotwell or geeqie . in your question , you say : google could have an app that can handle the basic needs of an android user . i have not been able to find this . and the answer to that is that you have been looking in the wrong place ! if you want to organise your home screens and install , update , and remove apps , do not run to your desktop computer : the place to look is on your phone . all that functionality has been on android phones right from the start , so there is no need for a huge " manage my phone " program on your desktop .
that help does not work for me , but it is not for the same version i am using , which is v7.6.1 . the help for this version does not work either , though ( typical for google , really ) , but this does : press on the search bar , next to the magnifying glass . scroll to the bottom of the page . click on " make this map area available offline " .
type ' ok map ' in search box and press enter .
open contacts , tap the name of the contact you want to set the distinctive ringtone , then open action overflow menu ( the three dots ) and tap " set ringtone " , select a ringtone different to default one and tap ok .
listen the entire song and the song will be cashed so you can listen to it offline , but be sure that the " cashe during playback " is enabled . . . and for the removing a single song . . . try swiping left or right . p.s. this is the only way other than the path of making a playlist etc . . .
if the download failed , the broken download was deleted . it is not stored anywhere , and it is not taking up space .
sure , you can create a simple alarm clock with llama . first , you need to learn the cell tower id of the location ( s ) you want to use . llama uses cell towers instead of gps ( by default , at least ) because gps is much more battery intensive . as long as each location is more than a few miles apart , you should be fine . second , you set up an event . for each location , you set up two events , one for entering and one for leaving . i suggest simply setting a llama variable when you enter , for example a variable called Location gets set to the name of the area when you enter , and gets cleared when you leave . next , set up your alarm events . you create an event , and have two conditions . the first one will check that variable to see if we are in the right place . the second condition will be based on the time , called Time Between . set the time-frame to be one minute . if you also want to care about the day of week , you can do that as a third condition . if both ( or all three ) conditions are met , then the action will be run . add an action to Play a Sound , Speak , Vibrate , or do whatever you want for your actual alarm . once you have your first alarm event created , you can long-press on it to copy it and make as many alarms as you want .
samsung sells replacement data cable .
it is widely believed that the nexus 7 's magnetic sensor works in an almost-identical fashion to ipads ' smart cover ; i could not find direct information about the n7 , but ifixit has a great teardown of the ipad smart cover that goes into detail of how it works . the nexus 7 has a magnetic sensor that can tell when a magnet of sufficient pull force is nearby . the sensor is located under the screen near the pogo plug on the bottom-lefthand corner , estimated to be 45mm up from the bottom left corner and 15mm in from the left side .
your magnets are probably in the wrong place . the nexus 7 's magnetic cover sensor is not along the right-hand edge , where the magnets that hold the cover closed are . it is in the bottom-left corner of the screen , about 2 cm from the left-hand rim of the device , and 4 cm from the bottom rim . put another way : with the device in the " camera-uppermost " orientation , with the stock home screen displayed , the icon at the left-hand end of the tray is in the right place . you also need a pretty strong magnet . most fridge magnets are not strong enough to trip the reed switch , but a buckyball will do it ( if you can still buy those where you are ) .
i do not know about a desktop/web app that will do this . however , i did this a few months ago by downloading a third-party contacts app ( for android , not desktop/web ) , using its ( much smarter ) merge function , and then uninstalling the app . i can not remember for sure , but i think the app i used was either contacts by contapps or go contacts ex . there is also contact analyzer 2 , but there are some reports of it deleting all contacts instead of merging !
unfortunately , no , there is no sort of cloud service that will handle this for you . since the combination of contacts from the various apps you have installed only exists on your phone , no one of the services you use will be able to make global changes to your contacts . this is not to say that it is technically impossible to do what you are asking : since it is possible to write an app to make changes to contacts , and since it is possible to write an app that could act as a web server , there is nothing preventing a program from providing a web-interface to the contacts on a phone .
you cannot create hard links across file systems , only soft links .
you can only hardlink inside the same partition/filesystem . it might help if you edit your question and include the steps you took ( i.e. . the commands you tried to execute ) . but from the phrasing it is quite clear you want to re-locate e.g. /data/dalvik-cache ( located on the /data partition ) to your sdcard ( complete different medium ) . this cannot be done with hard-links . i would recomment you take a look at root # all data2sd card . , link2sd , and s2e , which help you to offload a bunch of things . for more details , please also refer to our app2sd tag-wiki , which gives you a short description on all these methods .
as you describe your samsung fascinate is running gingerbread , there is a rooting guide provided at theunlockr which you could try . it uses the odin tool to root the device , so you would need odin tool , samsung drivers , clockworkmod recovery , and superuser for this . install the samsung drivers first , then install clockworkmod ( which is where odin is needed ) . copy superuser to your sdcard , then boot into cwm ( turn off the device , simultaneously hold vol + + vol - + power ) . select install zip from sdcard , then choose zip from sdcard . chose the superuser file you have copied to your sdcard . let it flash , and reboot using the reboot system now menu entry . your device now should be rooted .
i had to add the following : %compositeadbinterface% = usb_install , usb\vid_18d1 and pid_d001 and rev_0228 %compositeadbinterface% = usb_install , usb\vid_18d1 and pid_d001 if you go into device manager and open the properties for the nexus 7 entry , click the details tab and drop the property section down to hardware ids under value you will see the updated hardware values . take these values and add them to the nexus 7 section of the android_winusb . inf file . try re-running the driver install . it will complain that the driver is unsigned . just ignore . . . ; ) if you are using windows 8.1 , you are going to have to reboot in advanced mode with driver signatures disablled for this to work . see this post : http://www.howtogeek.com/167723/how-to-disable-driver-signature-verification-on-64-bit-windows-8.1-so-that-you-can-install-unsigned-drivers/
what fixed it for me was clicking on the " connected as a media device " up at the top left corner , de-selecting media device ( mtp ) and then checking camera ( ptp ) . this essentially made it show up as a different kind of usb device with different options and allowed the process to work perfectly .
try to delete the key upperfilters from HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SYSTEM\CurrentControlSet\Control\Class\{EEC5AD98-8080-425F-922A-DABF3DE3F69A}  helped me after 4 hours of trying to connect my nexus 7 to win 7 64bit .
i finally found my problem . this might have been specific to my windows machine , but i am writing it down here in case someone else has the same problem . turns out i did not have a usb . inf file in my C:\Windows\inf directory . apparently some installers/uninstallers have been known to mess with that file . i found the tip in this thread while trying to figure out why my new mouse did not work . . . i copied the four files from C:\Windows\System32\DriverStore\FileRepository\usb.inf_amd64_neutral_153b489118ee37b8 over to C:\Windows\inf and re-installed the drivers and the security dialog popped right up on the tablet .
i have exactly the same device as you , down to the android version and build number . i discovered that it was necessary to change my usb transfer mode . you can do this on the nexus 7 by going to settings > storage , clicking on the strange menu icon in the top right hand corner and selecting " usb computer connection " . i then changed the storage mode to " camera ( ptp ) " , and it immediately prompted me with the permission dialog as shown in your post above . i was then able to deploy apps , debug , etc and it all worked . unfortunately i am very new to android development so i am unable to say why this is the case . i am also unable to say why this worked on your mac . perhaps this is what must be done with this particular device on windows . anyway , i hope that you find this information useful .
got the same issue , and fixed it by updating the driver from the asus usb_driver_r06_windows.zip driver pack . the issue is that this driver does not report properly the supported devices ( at least mine were not listed ) my device is reported as a pid 4ee2 which is not part of the supported devices . i had to add the following lines in the android_winusb.inf file ( in the google nexus 7 section ) %CompositeAdbInterface% = USB_Install, USB\VID_18D1&amp;PID_4EE2 %CompositeAdbInterface% = USB_Install, USB\VID_18D1&amp;PID_4EE2&amp;MI_01  device now appears properly in the device list , and the google nexus 7 is part of the list of devices in adb . in addition , " tap " 7 times on the Settings|About Tablet|Build version to enable the usb debugging .
sure . just turn off audio notifications . that will not have any effect on the media volume . this will , of course , turn off the phone ringer , which you may not want .
if you have an unencrypted /sdcard ( this is usually true if you have removable sd card slot ) , you can install zip from sdcard as always . if your sdcard is encrypted , too , but you have relatively new device and software ( ice cream sandwich or newer ) , you may be able to use sideload . choose install zip from sideload option in your recovery run this command on your computer : adb sideload &lt;filename-of-update.zip&gt; then you can continue to flash the rom . ( in my case , the installation process started automatically . )
encryption is done on the /data partition ( where all app-data is stored ) . however , /sdcard is sometimes encrypted too ( if the sdcard is actually internal memory of the phone i.e. not removable ) . if the sdcard is also encrypted , then you will be unable to flash rom 's from within recovery ( recovery can not read encrypted sdcard ) .
worked for me : Setting &gt; Apps &gt; All &gt; Google play services &gt; Uninstall update and clear cache
in the " downloads " screen of the market , long click on the app that is stuck installing and you will get the option to delete or cancel ( i can not remember which option you will see but it'll be obvious ) .
my is working when i close the app when the downloading app is at 100% or it didnt start at all i open the app again and its started installing and my app is installed . it isnt a very effective way but its something . : )
i just had this problem , and somehow i got this solved . what i did : entered settings -> applications -> manage applications . selected the market app , and " uninstall updates " . after that , i entered the market app again , and i was able to reinstall the app who got stucked . ps : i am not sure if this was just a coincidence , or this procedure works always , but it worked for me . ps2: my android version is actually in portuguese language , so i am not sure the option names i referred to above are correct in english .
try to do the following : close the play store . go to settings select the apps option find the google play store , and select it select clear data then , try to download your app again .
i keep getting this , and it seems tied to my " application storage is low " message . i uninstalled several large , un-used apps , rebooted* , and the downloads downloaded . *maybe i did not reboot . check the download after uninstall and see if it is continuing . . . . since my file-browser says i am using less than 40% of available phone storage , this is a little irritating .
one option : install adw launcher as your home application and set it as default from your home screen press Menu Button-&gt;More-&gt;ADWSettings to open adw 's settings select UI Settings-&gt;Main Dock Style-&gt;None to hide the bottom bar optionally , you can also select Screen Preferences-&gt;Hide StatusBar to hide the status bar at the top , which effectively makes your home take up the entire screen .
from the gmail web interface , create a rule to give it a label of your choice and skip the inbox . then , from the gmail android app , change the settings for that label to not notify you . in more detail , the first part is : log into gmail in a browser , and click the settings button ( gear icon ) . click the filters tab , then create a new filter at the bottom . set the settings for the filter : in this case , use the from field . click the search button ( magnifying glass ) to check your filter , or go straight to create a filter with this search . put a tick in the skip the inbox ( archive it ) checkbox , and another in apply the label and choose the label you want or create a new one from the drop-down . click create filter . then , starting from the main screen ( folder view ) of the gmail app : click the overflow menu ( three dots in the top-right ) choose manage labels choose the label you just set in the filter make sure label notifications is turned off .
when you are chatting with someone , you already know that you are chatting . you can see messages as they come . you are already notified . so google talk behaves intelligently and reduces notification volume . - thats for your answer to get louder notification , the only way to fix this would be a custom rom with modified google talk app , where you can disable this feature .
google talk notifications are not always at low volume . they are loud when the chat screen is either inactive or when phone screen is locked/turned off . the only time when i see low notifications is when i am actually typing on the screen and the chat is active . i am running android 4.4 kitkat , so this might not be the case with other os versions , otherwise , the logic given in the above answer seems true . but if i receive a message in google talk while the application is not open , the notification sound is at full volume this is actually meaningful , is not it ? anyways , i have also used custom cm roms in the past , which has an app called dsp manager . setting the eq settings to a treble high gave me better ringtones and notifications volume .
1 . you can install one of parental control apps and ask your friend to set password for you ( if you are ashamed you can tell that this is e.g. for your son or sister . . . ) . 2 . if you have rooted phone that topic is for you ! made this application as the system app and then unroot your phone . i think in your case best solution is using both methods above .
usb and bt tethering are available , provided your carrier has not modified android to disable them - some carriers charge a premium for tethering . contact your carrier to find out for certain . desksms is a great remote sms app . you can view , send and receive sms from any web browser on any computer ; the app then receives the request on your phone and sends the sms from the phone itself .
the nice thing about android is that there are many geeky apps available . some of them are even open source and free . so there are many different apps for your task . here are the ones i am aware of : android remote notifier project page - play store forwards and send text messages via bluetooth gtalksms project page forward and send text messages via xmpp other can be found in the related questions on android enthusiasts : how do i send sms from pc through android phone or to android phone ? how can i be informed through my computer if a new sms is received ?
you need windroid htc one x toolkit htc one x ( at least 50% charge ) windows xp - 8.1 usb cable read this xda thread this can help you . .
do not panic . try this : on your computer , browse your rom . zip file , there should be a file named boot.img at top level . extract it somewhere on your computer . plug your phone into your computer via usb cable . boot your phone into bootloader mode . ( power + volume down button for 5 seconds . ) at bootloader screen your phone should say FASTBOOT USB . assuming you know where your fastboot.exe is on your computer , issue this command in cmd: path/to/your/fastboot.exe flash boot path/to/your/boot.img after that restart your phone and see if it can boot into your rom : fastboot reboot
i have gone to the store where i have bought the pad and they change for other so that the one with the problems can go to the de asus support for changing the graphics chipset .
usb and mhl share the same pins on the connector . once the phone is in mhl mode , there is no usb capability . so , currently you can not use mhl and usb simultaneously .
looks like the rom has the wrong drivers for your hardware . most likely , this rom is for an sgs2 with the exynos4 soc , but your sgs2 has a different soc . be aware that samsung sells different hardware in the same case with the same name : only the model number is different . double-check whether the rom is for exactly the same variant of the sgs2 that you have .
it is an very easy process . first make sure that you have the driver installed . if not install this simple driver http://downloads.unrevoked.com/htcdriver3.0.0.007.exe by downloading and running the file . after this unzip the ruu zip file you downloaded . you will see one pdf file and one . exe file . if you want you can read the instructions on pdf file . connect the phone and run the exe file and follow the step by step wizard . things to watch out for : make sure your phone has at least 60% charge . this process will take around 10 minutes to complete , do not unplug the phone until the wizard says the process is complete . your phone will reboot during the process which is normal .
there are some ways to pin down your problem . the easiest way should be reading out the last_kmsg which is normally stored under /proc/last_kmsg . the kernel logs everything in there and it can be read until the next reboot . so reading last_kmsg always shows things that happened before the device rebooted the last time . another way would be using " adb logcat " or - more comfortable - the app catlog which can record your logcat into a . txt file on the sd-card . be advised that logcat is not the same as a kernel message but it also includes messages from user space apps and ui stuff . if i am allowed to make a wild guess , i would say that it is the rom 's fault ( e . g . undervolting or something else going wrong ) . best regards !
it is possible you are confusing " lock screen " with " screen timeout " . lock screen will provide security to enter the phone . the display timeout will turn off the display to conserve battery . this seems to be the one to which you have chosen 30 minutes . on my phone this is the longest natural timeout for the display , though you can possibly exceed it ( i have ) with an automation tool like llama or tasker ( maybe ) . to disable the lock screen , see settings > security > screen lock , or possibly even the shorter path : settings > screen lock . select " none " to eliminate the need for a pin . you may have to provide the pin one more time to accept as a credential .
if you are rooted you can try this . in cwm recovery , advance -> wipe battery stats . reboot and drain the battery fully recharge the battery 100 % without any interruption or you can use this app which does the same steps .
install the permissions app , and look the the apps under take pictures and videos .
xprivacy seems to be the tool of choice for these issues , although a bit tough to get through all the settings . could not find the spying app yet , but will keep this post updated .
" sim contacts " by " needom studio " is a free app on the android market that shows contacts from sim on the incoming call screen . you have to enable the " incoming calls to remind " option for this . i did not find an app that shows them in the sms or call log . i would really like that . even better would be just an option in a normal contacts manager to include contacts on the sim without having to copy them to the phone . i like to keep my contacts on the sim only so i can just put my sim in my old phone ( with longer battery life ) and it shows all the contacts .
i was able to copy the data by first rooting the phone . after routing , i can boot up the phone in recovery mode , connect via adb shell , and use cat /dev/mmcblk0 / cat /dev/block/stl10 to get the interesting data from the phone .
tasker or llama should both be able to accomplish this , from what i understand , though i have never tested them with taking pictures .
the primary purpose of easy mode is to make the customization and use of a smart phone simpler and easier ( usually for a first-time smartphone user or non-techy user ) . easy mode vs normal mode for android is quite similar to apple vs android --> apple is often simpler , but less customizable . if you just want to use your phone , easy mode will be easier for you . you will not have all of the same home screen customization options ( but then again , you might not need them ) . easy mode gives you 3 default home screens , a simpler settings menu , and a simpler camera interface . if you love customizing the crap out of your phone , do not use easy mode . you will then enjoy a full settings menu , fully customizable home screens , the full camera interface , and more . here are some resources i found for you on google ; ) http://www.samsung.com/us/support/howtoguide/n0000003/10091/120408 http://www.digit.in/mobile-phones/understanding-easy-mode-on-the-samsung-galaxy-s4-14698.html
i know you do not want to add the birthdatr into your google address book , and that is fine . the method i use still require to put that info online , but what i did is i created a birthday calendar on gcal . i creates an entry for each birthday in that calendar and set a yearly recurrence . you can also set a reminder for each of them if you want to . and since it is a separate calendar , you can toggle it off or on at will . hope that helped or gave you an idea of what you actually want to implement . good luck : )
the only way is , to create a new unsynced calendar in your calendar app on android . but you have to create each birthday on your own .
you might want to try ebobirthday ( http://www.ebomike.com/android/ebobirthday/ ) . you can enter the dates manually . it can also import from facebook . hope that works for you .
install my new open source app birthday adapter : http://code.google.com/p/birthday-adapter/
possible reasons : he might have deleted his account permanently ( probably changed his number ) . he might have blocked you in his account . there is no need to remove whatsapp to do above tasks .
sadly i can not give you a solution to your software problem ( due to the fact that i have not used a mac in a while ) but i can give some suggestions on how to move forward from your current state ( as far as development goes ) . there are two situations you might be in , i have possible solutions for both : situation 1: you do not need the drivers -as this article states " if you are developing on mac os x , it just works " meaning no drivers are needed . but there is still other things to be done ( instructions in article ) situation 2: usb is not going to work/i do not know what the problem with usb is . short term solution : package up your app in a . apk and throw that on your device . long term solution : look into connecting to your device over your network , from a quick glance this looks to be a good place to start : how can i connect to android with adb over tcp ? let me know how it goes , and if you have any questions .
there is now an actual google docs application in the market made by google . you can take a look at it in the market online here : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.google.android.apps.docsfeature=search_result - i have used it and it is pretty similar to the online look , but with a more native feel . hopefully , this is what you are looking for !
quickoffice supports downloading google spreadsheets , editing them , and then uploading the edited file . i am not sure if it will create a new document on upload or replace the other one .
there is no setting to do this . it would appear there is also no supported method for a keyboard developer to set where their keyboard is drawn ( see keyboardview on android . com ) .
no , the data should not pass through google servers unless you are viewing a site hosted by goolge .
actually the predictive search from the address bar sends the text you enter to google to provide the search predictions . for example , if you start to type " search " and get to " sea " it suggests " sears " , " seattle times " , " sean parker " etc . . .
the update is just a bug fix update , no new features . the lock screen bug that you mentioned allowed bypassing the lock screen for a short amount of time , details can be found for example on theverge or androidcentral .
you need to place your audio files in the correct directory structure , as i explained in this answer : there are special directories you can use to store your custom " noises " . the " starting point " ( root-of-noises-dir ) may be different between devices ( so this is rather a generic answer , as i do not own all of them ) -- pick one and check if it works , if not , pick the next : /sdcard/media/audio /sdcard/media /sdcard  in there , put the directories for the specific events : then place your sound files into the appropriate directories . done . now you should be able to pick them in your configuration ( s ) . alternatively , for an easy , non-techy way , you might want to take a look at the ringdroid app ( a howto can be found e.g. at maketecheasier ) .
free app version lists all sounds up to 30 sec . you do not need to place them in specific folder . to refresh list that app uses you can unmount sdcard and place it again and then start app . if you have really lots of sound files it might take awhile to load .
well , after accidentaly deleting my su binary , i downloaded and flashed the zip from http://download.clockworkmod.com/superuser/superuser.zip .
this most likely a problem with the program itself . try sending in your issue to the actual developer team . also most likely you can say force stop on the application instead of deleting and reinstalling .
ok , so i had a look at this thread and , as it suggests , i took the microsd out and put it back in again . now it works as before . smells like a bug to me ?
there is an easy method . go to notification panel by swiping from top to bottom . you can see all missed calls
you could change the way the logs are " viewed by " . go to logs--> settings--> view by--> all logs . if it is already on all logs , then quite possibly the logs are full , try deleting some or all of the logs .
go to logs , press Menu , select View by , then select All logs .
this problem is quite known for sometime for touchscreen devices . most of the times this happens when the screen is under some pressure during touchscreen recalibration after being woken up by the incoming call ( maybe being inside pocket , etc . ) . the only solution for you is to disable the option , power button instantly ends call by going into Settings -&gt; Accessibility -&gt; System if your screen becomes unresponsive to a call , just press the power button ( to lock your screen ) , press it again and unlock the screen ( with your pattern or pin , etc . ) then you will be able to answer the call . this solution is applicable to any situation where the screen is unresponsive .
go to start . type device manager . do you see some icon with a yellow triangle exclamation mark in it ? if so , you probably did not install any drivers . install the samsung usb driver or the google usb driver .
yes . seems there is a problem . the touchscreen takes inputs that was never made . have a look at this http://www.thinkdigit.com/forum/mobiles-tablets/122921-official-android-discussion-thread-73.html#post1836923 there are various problems of android that lg ships on the p690 . i would suggest installing a good custom rom , which should fix the problem if it is not a hardware issue .
i had the same problem with the touch-screen of lg p690 . i have installed a new custom rom and searched a lot for answers . in my experience , it is a hardware issue causing the touch-screen to randomly press itself . my solution ? i have a new phone .
each slot refers to a specific clock speed that your phone 's kernel allows ( in your case , 400mhz to 1.1 ghz ) . therefore , these clock speeds can vary between different kernels ( different values or even more slots ) . in the case of the droid x or droid 2 , you are stuck with the stock kernel due to the locked bootloader . i am more familiar with using setcpu . setcpu lets you manually choose which clock speeds you want your phone to run at . you choose a min clock speed , a max clock speed , and how you want it to scale ( ondemand , performance , etc . ) . you can also setup profiles with setcpu that allows your phone to run at certain clock speeds under certain conditions . for example , you would want to lower you clock speed when the phone 's screen is turned off . you may also want to lower the clock speed when your battery is below a certain battery % to try and pro long battery life as long as possible . if you are wanting to conserve more power , set the clock min and max clock speeds low . if you are wanting better performance , then set them higher . on my phone ( droid 1 ) , i use an undervolted kernel and typically run at a 250mhz min , 600 mhz max clock speed to conserve battery . if my answer does not fully answer your questions , leave a comment and i will try to help you further .
black is the default plot color for android , so this is the placeholder until the app completes it is layout operation . there are a number of things that can cause an app to have a delay here : performing a network call ( s ) . loading data from disk . garbage collection from other tasks . restoring a complex drawing . you can check to see if it is related to network latency by putting your phone in airplane mode and opening the app . if the app pops right up , the long delay is likely due to a network call that takes a while to complete ( and completes immediately as an error when there is no connection ) . the other three are trickier to test for . if it is garbage collection , you will likely only see the delay when other apps have been recently running and then switching immediately the misbehaving app . you can completely uninstall an app , including user data , and then re-install to see if it has something to do with your personal settings .
the black screen is probably related to ' lag ' . this lag can be caused by a number of things . on the samsung galaxy s its a ' known ' problem that the memory used for main storage is pretty slow . especially when another app is writing a lot of data ( mostly big downloads and marketplace updates ) when i am updating applications or creating a lot of data traffic i generally just do not use my device for anything while those apps are busy , this should help you too prevent the ' black screen of lag ' on your device .
i have seen this before , it seems to be when the application is loading or switching back into the foreground while the os is busy doing something else . seems more likely to occur when in the middle of a sync or while happening to receive a text message or some other notification causing event .
android has different ways for apps to give you information or get your attention , and they all have different names . app developers need to know the differences , and when to use each one , so they can code the correct behaviour in their apps . even as an end user , if you want to troubleshoot a problem , find which app is giving you messages , or describe some behaviour ( for example , when reporting a bug to a developer ) , it saves you time and confusion if you can call each thing by its correct name . notifications notifications are the most common feedback mechanism on android . they look like icons in the top-left of the screen ( the notification bar ) . on honeycomb and ics tablets , they instead show up in the system bar , in the bottom-right next to the clock . in jellybean and above , once you have expanded the notification drawer ( like in the screenshot ) , you can long-tap a notification to get a menu with one item , app info . clicking this item tells you which app is responsible for the notification . you can also stop this app showing any further notifications from that screen . some apps create notifications to advertise things at you . this is now ( since september 2013 ) banned under google play 's rules , so you should report as malicious any apps that do this , from the app 's page in the play store app . often your phone will play a sound or will vibrate with a notification , but not always : it is up to the app which created it . toasts a toast is a small message that shows up in its own box near the bottom of the screen , and disappears on its own after a few seconds . it is usually a response to an action you have just performed , but in fact a toast can come from any app , not just the one in the foreground . a toast can not interact with you ( you can not click on it or type into it ) , so there is no need to worry about it " stealing focus " like on a pc . there is no indication of which app created the toast . dialogs a window that appears , with buttons you can click or a list of options to choose from , is called a dialog box , or dialog for short . ( it is spelt the american way even in british english . ) they almost always relate to the foreground app . strictly speaking , from a developer 's point of view a " dialog " is any non-fullscreen activity window , but they are usually used for simple confirmations or choices , like in the screenshot . interstitials in the marketing world , an interstitial is a page or screen that comes in between two others . they are commonly used to show large-format ads in ad-supported apps and games : you click a button in the app , and an interstitial shows for a few seconds before you get to the next screen . summary next time you want to discuss or troubleshoot some kind of message that pops up on the screen , you will know what to call it , and you can make it easier for others to help you .
you are basically having a " no permissions " error , where your pc 's adb is not able to identify the device that you are connecting . as you said , you have a htc explorer , which i do too , with kitkat ; ) so here 's how you had be fixing this " no permissions " error : first , you had need to create ( if inexistent ) , the 51-android.rules file . since you have a htc device , we will just be adding the " rules " for a htc device , so that your adb can identify your device correctly . first , obtain superuser permissions using : sudo su  and type in your password . note that you can not see the password being typed , but its still being typed . then , create the file , if not exists , using the following command : touch /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules  this basically creates a 51-android . rules file in the appropriate place , if it does not exist . now , for adding the rules , we will just append some text to the file , a correct config , which can be done using the following command : echo "SUBSYSTEM==\"usb\", ATTR{idVendor}==\"0bb4\", MODE=\"0666\", GROUP=\"plugdev\"" &gt;&gt; /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules  this basically appends the following text , to the 51-android . rules file . SUBSYSTEM=="usb", ATTR{idVendor}=="0bb4", MODE="0666", GROUP="plugdev"  what the above text is , is the appropriate permissions for a htc device . now , disconnect your device , kill your adb-server , if running , using adb kill-server  and , reconnect device . now , try running the following command , to see if your device 's actually connected : ) adb devices  you should see an output similar to : List of devices attached XXXXXXXXXXXX device  hope this helps : ) p.s. in case you are searching for rules for other android devices , this link at source . android . com might help : initializing a build environment . look for the " configuring usb access " section : ) also note : a better option would be to install the " android-tools-adb " and " android-tools-fastboot " packages available in the ubuntu repositories . this can be done using the following commands : sudo apt-get install android-tools-adb android-tools-fastboot 
i have published an app named soundabout that has a media setting called " wired headset ( with mic ) " . see if that solves the issue .
you might need an adapter . i know that when i bought a couple of ear plugs with a mic once , i got an adapter with them that stated the adapter was for samsung , among other brands . on the surface it looked like a "3,5 mm > 3,5 mm " adapter so i was not sure what the difference was , but upon inspecting it i noticed the plug had three " lines " where it usually only has two ( i think ) . do not quote me on this , but it obviously had a point since they included it . so in short , it might be that your skullcandy earbuds are made to work with iphones for example , but the designers did not consider how the plugs are made for samsung or other android devices . if you have a working pair , try comparing the plugs . to fix it , i guess you would need an adapter . in the future this could be good to know as well , so you can adapt your purchase after what product supports your phone .
if you see the 3g/4g symbol and the arrows are just grey , that just means that you have data connectivity but there is no send or receive activity at the moment . i guess you made an false assumption : the data radio is only off ( deactivated ) if you do not see the the symbol at all . otherwise , if the symbol is there and the arrows are grey , your radio is on , but there is no traffic happening at the moment .
are you using the original youtube app by google ? alternatively , try using http://m.youtube.com using your stock browser .
are you using a battery saving app like battery xl ? if so , try to disable it , it caused me a lot of problems . have you tried also to switch on airplane mode and switch it back off and retry ?
true network connectivity issues are usually pretty easy to identify as they would affect data to/from every app on the device . are you also having trouble browsing the web , running speed tests , or streaming other types of video ( like netflix or other flash players ) ? do you see the same issue on a stable wifi connection ? if you are in an area where sprint 's wimax coverage is spotty your phone might be switching back and forth between 2g/3g/4g trying to find the best connection - this could be the delay you are seeing . even in areas with good 4g network coverage , some kinds of 4g radios can show inconsistent speed and reception results . if you disable wimax/4g do videos load correctly ? if you disable 3g as well ? this strikes me as a more app-specific problem . does this occur with every youtube video ? does changing the video quality ( "hq " button , top-right corner in landscape mode ) change the symptoms ? check these areas , i suspect you will find an operating mode that lets you view videos without frustrating delays .
according to this forum thread and this bug report , it seems that there has been a regression regarding usb modes in the kernel used in 4,3 ( the version that you posted ) . it seems that there is a problem with that kernel specifically , but nothing else in the rom , that breaks usb host mode in some cases . there are a few possible solutions : flash a different android version . an update to 4.4.2 should fix things ( as it did for you ) . flash an alternative , third-party kernel and try your luck . you mileage may vary .
this is normal if you are using a cdma carrier , such as verizon or sprint . gsm carriers like at and t and t-mobile can allow simultaneous voice and data , but cdma cannot . this is supposed to change with lte devices , although last a checked it was not working with all of them on verizon . if you have a cdma 3g only device it will not work . i am not positive but i think even with an lte device on verizon that supports simultaneous voice and data it still will not work if you are out of lte coverage area . i used to work for verizon until a few months ago and this seemed to be the case .
if you are rooted and have a custom rom , you can try this . basically mounts your external sd card as the internal sd card , and the internal as the external .
i am not sure about doing this on a mac , but if you have a windows pc , preferably a windows 7 , try the following:- connect your phone via usb to the pc with the sd card . turn on file sharing . go to my computer , find your sd card " drive " , right click > properties . go to tools tab , under " error checking " , click on " check now " . any sd card related file system errors should get automatically fixed .
you need to get kies . download it , install it and let it do its job . it will install all the drivers that you need to connect your samsung gs3 to windows .
i had the same problem but on windows 7: phone was charging ok but not recognized as external device . i suspect an update of android version is the reason . i found this solution on the internet and it worked in my case : power off your phone power on the phone in download mode ( volume down + home + power ) press volume up to continue in download mode -> you should see an android bot and some informations about your os ( rooted or standard , . . . ) plug your phone into your computer using your usb cable windows should now discover it and load the driver ( from windows update ) power off your phone power on the phone ( classically this time )
could it be you restored system app data from a different rom ? similar error quoted in above comments by paul . this usually happens when you restore system databases from one rom to another , where the database structur may be different . apps in this case often force-close , things become laggy . important : if you want to restore system data to a different rom with titanium backup , be very careful best only do so for one app/database at a time ( to be sure it went ok ) use tb 's migration feature ( that is an option to be explicitly turned on -- it takes care e.g. not to overwrite databases , but migrate the data into the existing ones ) optional , but often helpful : in the configs troubleshooting section , enforce the systems sqlite engine to be used . repeat from 1 . only if you are sure everything did fine !
actually i do not think this is related to the sd card per se . some applications just do not handle being placed on sd or being back-upped and restored with titanium backup too well . i have experienced trouble with restored apps myself and solved the problems with removing the app and installing a fresh copy from the market .
i have the same problem when sending encrypted mails from my apple mail client with gpgmail2 plug-in . apparently k9-mail supports only pgp/inline and not pgp/mime which seems to be the standard formatting pgp-emails today . if you like to test it on your own , configure gpgmail to use inline mode through your terminal : defaults write org.gpgtools.gpgmail UseOpenPGPInlineToSend -bool YES  reference . there is an open feature request to address this issue . hopefully , the k9 developers will fix this soon . so , consider starring this issue .
try leaving yourself voicemail , then listening to it , then deleting it . ( sounds like something i had to do a few years ago )
long-press on the notification and you should get a little " app info " box . hit that , then hit " force stop " . if the app info box does not appear , go into settings -> application manager -> all , find the phone app , and force stop it . that should send the notification packing . if it comes back , the problem is t-mobile sending out erroneous " you have voicemail " announcements and you will have to talk to them about it .
figured it out by looking around the system files . apparently , it is stored in /system/media/theme/default/ in the file called icons which is just a zip file without an extension . simply extract icons and i got the stock icons i needed .
after a number of attempts , found this distro at github : update . zip had to replace updater-binary to another version matching my phone ( took it from verified and working firmware ) . next , modified updater-script to look like this :
imho these governor settings are overrated . of course it is nice to have such options , but it is confusing users more instead of helping them . just check your rom and ask other users for their opinions . in aokp for example you only need noop and interactive and you should be good to go for anything . you should save your time for more important things in android . just my advice , though .
you might be able to get a replacement battery . that is much cheaper than buying a new smartphone . try here : http://www.shopandroid.com/device-selector-lg.htm
it is supposed to represent a hearing aid , and it means that hearing aid compatibility is enabled . afaik , this basically just increases call volume to make it easier to hear . it should go away if you go into the call settings and disable the hearing aid option . it'll either be something like Settings-&gt;Calls or pressing the menu button on the dialer to get into the call settings ( i think it varies some ) . supporting source , second source
for the galaxy s3 , this indicates that the telecoil mode ( aka t mode or electromagnetic coupling ) is active . as eldarerathis mentions , this is a type of hearing aid comparability . it involves using the speaker coil in a specific manner to inductively couple with a compatible hearing aid . in this mode , the hearing aid shuts off its microphone and receives audio only from the phone , effectively eliminating background noise and giving better performance than just using the hearing aid to pick up and amplify the phone 's normal audio ( which is known as m mode or acoustic coupling ) .
ota updates come also with carrier modifications . so no , you will not
yes it is perfectly safe . but u should be rooted to remove it . i have removed play-store on my galaxy fit a long time ago , reason being it always triggered the installation of google play services .
was your phone rooted ? i do not think whatever the problem was you are going to be able to get the app 's data back . you can re-download them , but that is all , i think .
are you sure you had your apps in internal memory not memory card ? go to setting -> storage option and check if there is any space allocated for apps . if no space then your phone must have been formatted
i had the same problem but with another device ( htc touch diamond2 ) . you need to edit network settings . write by yourself ip-adress , subnet mask , router of current wi-fi . i think to find out this information for you will not be difficult .
as you already figured out , there is sshelper hosting its own .apk . but you might also wish to check with f-droid , and find out there are even more sshd 's to download without using google play store . edit : as it turns out , i was not aware f-droid also features forums , and the above are only forum links . to compensate : you can also find some ssh server apps on 1mobile , e.g. ssh server . the website allows you to simply download the .apk from your browser , no login required . other than with f-droid , i am not sure concerning their reputation , though . apart from that : in my experience , it is always worth checking the resp . dev 's website , where they sometimes host their own .apk files for download . if not , asking them helped me as well : )
as noted in the comments - this is just the launcher you are running . there are many different launchers you can try which may look slightly or completely different . some good launchers to try are : chameleon go launcher nova launcher tsf shell
you could use other app stores like amazon app store or getjar , but you would also need accounts on those . you can side-load apps via downloading apk files on pc and then installing them from your sd card . just try opening the apk files with a file manager like es file explorer or astro file manager which would give a option to open it with package manager or install . but i assume from your question that you do not want to enable installation of non-market apps , then you do not get much choice . even amazon app store requires that feature enabled .
use adb to install the applications . install the adnroid sdk ( https://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html ) . enable usb debugging in settings> applications> development . this process can be done even without enabling side-loading of apps . open a command prompt window and type : adb install app_name.apk 
this problem was resolved by upgrading to ice cream sandwich
you are absolutely correct with your assumption a factory-reset will delete all your apps and data ( as you also can find in the factory-reset tag-wiki ) . if you want to backup your contacts and sms , i am afraid there is no native way . while the contacts you could sync with google , the same cannot be said for sms . but if you take a look at google play , searching for the string " sms backup " you will find a lot of helpful apps . depending on your preferences , they can backup to your gmail account , or do it locally . putting both things together , a good choice seems to be super backup : sms and contacts , which cares for both and can save the backup to either gmail or your sdcard . and of course it has a restore function as well . btw : on most devices , you easily can backup your contacts with the native contacts app . it supports export to/import from vcard ( .vcf ) files ( just open its menu from its main screen ) . no cloud involved . so you had only need to check for something similar for your sms , if you are concerned about privacy and want to avoid having them in the cloud .
i have the same phone and the same problem , running android 4.2 ( flash ) , so google play does not watch your firmware level , but your phone 's name . just try to find your apps on the internet or try other markets ( like getjar ) . just now i was trying to find a solution for the problem : )
you certainly can upgrade your os , although the process is not without risk . there is an entire board devoted to the galaxy ace at xda - here 's a good post which should get you started . from the quick skim i have done over a few posts there seems to be a massive warning of not to use rom manager ( a popular tool in the rom community ) as it'll brick your device . once your device is rooted you can then install a rom - here 's a link to a cyanogenmod 10 based rom for the ace running android 4,1 , i think . be careful to read the instructions and take note of the stuff that does not work . if you get stuck - there is lots of help out there good luck .
google supports photo syncing , but you can disable this . if you have google+ installed , disable auto backup . open the app 's settings , and go to Auto Backup &gt; OFF . disable google photo sync . on your phone 's settings , go to System settings &gt; Accounts &gt; Google &gt; username@gmail.com &gt; Sync Picasa Web albums . make sure sync is disabled . update 2013-11-22: as per damien golding , it is also worth noting that the settings of the camera must be checked . in his case , google photo sync was on in the Albums setting .
i resolved this on the mac by turning wifi off and then back on . on the win7 pc , running the network troubleshooter ( which i believe turned the adapter off and on ) also solved the problem . i believe it may be related to some state left over from a previous connection in both cases . off-topic : with a 4g ( lte ) signal , internet access was comparable ( maybe better ) to my 6mb dsl access at home .
i took a chance and bought a 32 gb card , class 4 . it works . i believe it is a zap or something . this post suggests 32 gb cards work . i would rather someone on this site said so though .
acording to the specs here gsm arena : sony ericsson xperia x10 the x10 can take up to a 32gb microsd card .
go to Settings &gt; Privacy and uncheck Display Message Text .
you can do so by going into the messaging app , and pressing menu -> settings -> uncheck " received notification ( show notification in status bar when messages are received ) " . but you will not get the notification on status bar as said above .
if you are not terribly attached to the stock messaging app , install go sms pro to handle your smses . it is better looking and infinitely more customisable than the stock app . handcent sms is another alternative sms app . once you have installed go sms pro , in the stock messaging app 's settings , uncheck everything . this should prevent double notifications .
if you go to phone settings -> privacy , there is a check box for displaying messages on the lock screen .
once you have disabled the in-built notification as in roxan 's answer , you could install an alternative sms notifier app . i use sms popup which still uses the in-built messaging app to handle all of your messaging , but gives a whole set of extra customizations to how you are notified . i have mine currently set to display the name and contact picture of the person that texted over the lock screen , but not show the message until the phone is unlocked .
the only way in the stock messaging application is to disable sms notifications completely . as an alternative , you can install go sms . it has the option to disable sms preview in the notification bar .
there are a number of alternative on-screen virtual keyboard replacement apps on android market that support hindi and marathi languages . most should work on all recent android os version ( 2.2 and above . )
i have tried disabling my facebook messenger and sent a message via the facebook app successfully . turns out you do not really need the messenger to send messages . its just there so that chat heads will be available when you send a message . and oh , it does not search for the messenger app . im on android 4.2.2 .
no , unfortunately . to chat , you need to install the facebook messenger application . you can send offline messages ( facebook mail ) with the facebook app . not really a solution : but without either the messenger app or the facebook app on my phone , i find that i tend to use my free time a lot better than constantly reading updates on my social networking applications . the important people in my life have my mobile number and can contact me in case of an emergency . try it . you will appreciate the simple things in life more .
yes , for now . facebook is rumored to be removing messaging capabilities from the main facebook app in a ploy to get more users to download their messenger app . to send messages without messenger , you can simply uninstall it and use the facebook app . the middle tab ( third from the right or left ) is devoted to messaging . tested on my galaxy s5 running kitkat .
this does not directly answer your question , but you could use an ftp app instead , an app which runs an ftp server on your phone that you then connect to over your local network using a client such as filezilla on your desktop machine ? ( this is how i transfer files to and from my own android device , the usb is just too slow and unreliable )
you could install an alternate launcher like nova and assign the buttons to do different things . alternatively you can flash a rom that has the home button going to google search by default .
galaxy s3 stock rom has s-voice on home key double press ( do a double click like with a mouse ) , its not google 's app but its not so bad at all . if you want to launch another app ( like google 's voice search ) , you need to decompile , edit and recompile the framework . jar of your phone to add that function . i would suggest you ask about the change in the cyanogenmod forum , since it should be fairly simple .
there is no way to do this without a custom dialler unless you make a custom cyanogenmod version - and modify the dialler to show this information .
if its totally un responsive then you need verify once your harware whether its an exact replacement or not as htc wildfire s digitizer comes in two variants with chip without chip so match it with old damaged one and if they are same then the hardware will be faulty and you will need one more replacement .
finally managed to fix this problem . seems like performing the calibration with the use of a goldcard solved it . i will leave the link to the instruction here for anyone who may have the same issue . please leave a message if you encounter any problems when going through the instructions provided in the link above .
try using " unlockroot " software it roots and also unroots easily probably any phone i think
there is a post on droid x forums that links to this video that provides a seemingly simpler way to root your droid x with 4.5.621 . see those pages for downloads !
most tablets that comes with the Bluetooth share app installed , and have a bluetooth option in settings , while not having a built-in bluetooth , typically indicates support for such dongles . i have used generic android tv box ( cdr-king brand ) with no bluetooth built-in but has a menu for it . plugging a bluetooth dongle to a usb port activated it . based on this , your tablet 's rom does not support bluetooth . my advice is to root it , and flash a custom rom with bluetooth support if applicable .
photosync ( sync to picasa ) might be your choice : photosync is tool for sync photos to picasa ( google photos ) . though limited , you can sync videos too . you can also sync photos among multi devices via picasa .
alternatively , you might want to take a look at apps like e.g. foldersync : foldersync is a application that enables simple sync to cloud based storage to and from local folders on the device memory card . it currently support multiple skydrive , dropbox , sugarsync , ubuntu one , box .net, livedrive , hidrive , google docs , netdocuments , amazon s3 , ftp , ftps , sftp , webdav or windows share ( samba/cifs ) accounts , and support for more platforms are planned . with this app you can define which folders shall be synced where , thus adapting everything to your very convenience . ( click images to enlarge ; source : google play )
the gallery is showing the instagram folder cause it scans the whole device and external storages and grab all folders with images . you can not sync that folder but can share once in a while with picasa so that process will upload images on that folder to picasa . and then picasa will sync that folder to your rest of the devices .
i would recommend another way of fetching rss feeds to your cell phone : synchronize news reader to your google account ( to read news from google reader - it should be available there ) from your ' big ' computer add this url ( stackexchange-url to your subscription in google reader . you should see news from android . se in your news reader after its next sync with google reader .
you may have already done all this but i will detail the steps i just took to add this to my htc evo . it worked so maybe there is something different i am doing . first off i have never used the news app before . opened the news app deleted all default feeds clicked " add feed " clicked " add from url " entered in the url you have above clicked " done " feed appeared with 30 unread . then to see if maybe you had typed the url incorrectly on your device , i entered almost the exact same url with one letter off and i got a warning that the feed was incorrect . so since you did not mention this i am guessing thats not your issue . if none of this helped - can you add any other feeds or its just the android . stackexchange feed that is not working ?
this question is related more to outlook than android . android syncs with google calendar and even if that case , deleted calendar events cannot be recovered ( google support - can i recover a deleted calendar event ? you can try to : go to your deleted folder in outlook ( yes i mean deleted mail ) and check if deleted events are there . after deleting they go to this place . check if you have any outlook backups check if you have any android backups , maybe you use titanium backup or similar software ? other than that i can not think of any other way of restoring your calendar events
depending on your mobile network operator one solution could be to change the apn of your mobile network connection to an invalid value . on most mobile networks you do not get a data connection without a valid apn - however on some you always get a connection independently of the apn name . there are plenty of tools that simplify apn setting/removing/changing - some examples : apn on/off apn manager apndroid
i honestly do not know if there is an easier way to do this but i just long-press the previously entered text , select all of the text ( the weird grid icon in the top right in text selection mode ) and hit backspace on the keyboard to delete it all . when the text area is blank it will no longer put the " draft " notification on the thread .
your three options are probably : downgrade maps use the browser-based google maps ( perhaps in incognito mode if you are paranoid ) use some other map application regarding osm , i think they do not have an official app , so you could also try to use an app that uses their data . the osm web site allows address searches , so that may just not be implemented in the app you are using . there is a bunch of osm compatible apps and their features listed here .
when i had this problem it was caused by a corrupt sd card , so you should check that out soon : the longer you leave it , the more likely it'll corrupt a file you do not have a backup of . for now , try clearing the cache of any app that shows the problem ( from settings → apps ) . if that does not help , clear the data of the media storage app , from the same screen , and then reboot the phone . the media storage app is responsible for indexing your photos and music and letting apps search them , so clearing its data often helps fix problems with the photo index , such as broken thumbnails .
it just simply means that the memory i.e. 2.89gb is available over your external storage , and yes the reason why your device is showing you that you have no space available because its looking at the device internal storage . i would say to fix this error try moving all the music , videos , apps ( if its available for you ) to the sd card this error will fix up .
if it is the same people ringing you regularly what you could do is : add them as a contact , under ' ignore1' , ' ignore2' etc . whenever they ring go to contacts -> select ' ignore1' -> options ( or action menu ) -> select ' all calls to voicemail ' or if you do not like this method then you could try : mr . number : text , call and block ( free ) extreme call blocker droid ( paid )
you can also try call manager .
you could try backing up your messages with something like sms backup and restore and then wiping the messaging apps data and cache .
i had a similar symptom once and it was caused by the sim card coming loose , so try this : turn the phone off completely , eject the sim card , replace the sim card , and turn the phone back on again .
your screenshot suggests you simply uninstalled those apps . in tb , hit the menu button , select " batch processing " , scroll to the end of the list . there you will find " delete backups " . second item in that section should read " delete backups of uninstalled apps " ( or the like -- i run a localized version , was just back-translating ) . that should get you rid of those " striked " entries . for more details ( as well as solution to other tb-related issues ) , you might want to visit the titanium backup knowledge base , which provides you with a user 's guide , faq , troubleshooting tips , how-tos , and more . as for the one circled entry , the linked knowledge-base a.o. states : you can easily remove orphan data by running the “remove orphan data” batch job .
get odin . download and flash the stock rom . everything will remain intact and your phone will boot up again normally . you can get links for stock roms at sammobile . com or xda developers
i initially installed cwm v5 ( as zip from cwm site ) , but that appears mount the internal sd card memory with root permissions only . i finally tried cwm 6.0.4.5 ( again as zip , not from cwm site ) . the zip failed verification , so i could not install it . however , in v5 , there is an option to ignore that , so i was able to run v6 . it seems to run fine so far , and the storage is mounted correctly , and i can now pull with adb ! so - solution : - boot into stock recovery - install cwm v5 ( from cwm site ) from sd card ( as zip ) - use that to install cwm v6 from sd card ( as zip ) - then use adb to pull /storage/sdcard0 . ( adb will not preserve time stamps , but you can do a " ls -lare " if you want particular file stamps so in this way i was able to retrieve the contents of the internal sd card . full details http://www.sciencemedianetwork.org/blog/20140304_samsung_galaxy_s2_data_recovery however , after factory reset , the phone still does not boot . follow up question here : complete reset of sgs2 ( factory reset not sufficient )
it is the " menu " key on your keyboard usually located right next to the right " ctrl " key . ( it is the key that opens the right-click menu on windows )
first of all , remember that you can only do this with your birthdays and events that are in your google account contacts . not phone contacts . go to google.com/calendar from a computer . under other calendars in the left pane , click add . click Browse interesting calendars click More ( the more next to sports ) . on contacts ' birthdays and events , click subscribe . sync your contacts and calendar with your google account . after sucessful syncing , the events should appear in your handsets calendar . if you need to add the event details of your phone contacts , you need to export your phone contacts to your google account ( or to your gmail ) see this link for more info
use either the habit browser or slepnir browser apps . they both support userscripts . i had to tweak my scripts slightly to get them working ( they handle events differently ) but they both work really well .
solution 1 . use tampermonkey . tampermonkey is more popular as an extension for chrome , but it is also available as a standalone android app . it functions as a lightweight browser , and allows you to manage and automatically run user scripts . unfortunately it does not have many of the features found on other popular browsers , but it does support the greasemonkey api . solution 2 . use opera mobile , which has built-in support for userscripts , but no script management features , and does not support the greasemonkey api . navigate to the user prefs section of opera:config , then tick " always load user javascript " and " user javascript " . enter the path to a folder ( not a file ) in the " user javascript file " field ( i use /sdcard/userscripts/ ) , then store the settings . save your userscript in that folder with a .user.js extension . nb this works in om12 , but the om14 beta does not seem to support userscripts at present . solution 3 . launch your userscript manually via a bookmarklet or pasting this javascript directly into the browser address bar : javascript:(function(){var a=document.createElement("script");a.src="http://path.to/myscript.user.js";document.head.appendChild(a);})();  this technique is tedious , but the principle should work in most browsers . you do not get greasemonkey api support though . the code above should work without modification in the stock android browser , and can be saved as a bookmarklet . in chrome mobile the space in the var a needs escaping , i.e. var%20a= , and bookmarklets do not seem to work , so you have to paste manually every time .
use oilcan - " greasemonkey on steroids for android " .
slideme supports paypal . but i dont know what their " inventory " looks like compared to android market . you could try to get the paypal debit card and link that to a google checkout account , if you can . . .
andappstore , but it does not offer anywhere near the number of apps as google 's market .
not sure if this will answer your question , but there is a settings ( button ) called " contacts account " which lets you show or hide the following contacts : - phone - google - sim - facebook - twitter - show contacts with phone numbers only
heyy i got an answer . go to youtube and search for update p1000 to gingerbread select vio 's , and download the file watch the video . i had the same problem too .
the best you can do is power off the device completely , but do nothing for now , head over to samfirmware and download the appropriate rom for your region . once you do that , refer to the instruction on using odin . you should have the pit , and the md5 file , and also the csc file set up within odin . then press and hold the volume down button , and then briefly press the power button , the device should go into download mode . from there odin should detect the device , then start flashing as normal . disclaimer : i am not responsible , please double check to make sure you have the right check-boxes ticked within odin . if all else fails , refer to the xda forum another route : if you cannot get into download mode , try the hard reset - that is , ensure the tablet is powered off completely , hold the volume up button , and then briefly press the power button , the device should hard reset itself . and try the above again .
there is no need to do anything here , since these files , despite reporting massive sizes , actually use very little space , as they are so called " sparse files " . i left more details on the android ticket about this issue : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=39546#c79 ﻿
you can use apps like quick boot or rebooter or some root apps have this feature to go to recovery mode . . use them
i have run out of space in comments so let 's look at some options : 1 ) go to settings > apps then go to google play store and ' uninstall updates ' . then let the play store automatically update . try downloading another keyboard . 2 ) if you have error 110 it may be hardware related . thread on similar issue you may need to contact the seller or samsung on this issue . 3 ) if you have error 101 then perhaps google play services is to blame try installing this from the link provided , reboot and try installing another keyboard . 4 ) go to settings > apps and see if ' samsung keyboard ' or similar is there at all , it may be disabled or something simple like that ! ( it will say ' disabled ' beside it ) you can go into it an click enable in this case . 5 ) see if you can download any apps at all from the play store . pick something popular like " facebook " or something from a reliable source . if this also fails there is somthing more fundemental wrong here . 6 ) if you are a bit more adventurous you could pop to xda devlopers and ask someone to post the apk ( android application package , basically the app to be installed ) for your keyboard and see if you can install it . this is a bit more advanced and i think best left til last resort for now . i will talk you through it if you think it is a valid option . " side loading " is the term to look up !
hi i have gone through what i can in the list above , the main problem i have is that i cannot connect to my wifi after that factory reset as i have no keyboard and when i try to speak my wifi code into the mic it will not work .
i discovered that you have to touch the bit that actually says default keyboard not the greyed out button below . so Settings, language and input . tap the header default and then slide the use onscreen keyboard button to turn the keyboard back on .
i would assume yes . from allaboutgalaxys4 : the device supports the fat and the exfat file systems for memory cards . when inserting a card formatted in a different file system , the device asks to reformat the memory card .
from within the android system itself , all you risk on the great majority of devices is losing data such as media , apps , logs and configurations . anyhow , if one manages to damage it more than that , it is usually repairable through a factory reset . whether or not your device is rooted , you can always do it harm by flashing bad bootloaders , recoveries/recovery images , inadequate update . zip files and a few other things , so always watch out for that . i strongly recommend that you do a backup anyway -- it is a fairly simple process and it is worth it just to stay on the safe side .
certainly you cannot enter the beginning and the ending address , so probably you can try entering all the ip address from beginning to end
android tuner reads around 840ma
i just measured the current when using the lg charging adapter and it only consumpts 433ma . so there is no benefit using an ac adapter instead of a pc . edit : cable broken , see my last post .
the trouble i encountered was that the fastboot program could not find my phone even though it was in bootloader mode . the solution was to run fastboot as sudo , but then the problem changed to be that sudo didn’t have the path to fastboot so i needed to give the explicit path to that as well : sudo ./fastboot devices worked ( when i was in the directory android-sdk-linux/platform-tools ) . so i figured that i needed to change two things in the setup instructions : run fastboot as sudo , and add explicit paths in the flash script . i have written a blog post that gives step-by-step instructions if anyone else needs this : how to update your nexus 4 to android 4.4
install different ebook readers like aldiko / moon+ reader etc and see whether your epub displays as intended .
resetting to factory settings removes all personal settings , data and installed apps from the phone . it does not uninstall operating system updates and does not remove apps that your manufacturer or service provider have included in the system . it also ( normally ) does not delete data from your sd card . installing operating system updates on an android phone overwrites the previous version of the android operating system and does not keep any of the old os files . it is the same as if you upgraded a windows vista pc to windows 7 , you can not go back to vista on that pc without finding the original install disks , as it has overwritten and deleted the old vista files . the only way to go back to the previous version is if your manufacturer/network has made a copy of the old os files public that you can download and install .
when you reset factory settings , it will not downgrade firmware ( gingerbread to eclair ) . this is normal and expected bahavior
you are absolutely correct in stating that the bottleneck is actually not the encryption/decryption but nand write rate . in fact , the performance observed for read/write of encrypted v/s non-encrypted does not vary significantly owing to high cpu speeds . what you might look at though is the rate at which block level encryption happens for the first time . once the device is block encrypted , the performance numbers are pretty close . you can use androbench to profile your device pre and post encryption .
when you get the small white dialog with the green buy button , press the down-arrow in the top-right corner ( next to the price ) . then click on payment options and add credit or debit card .
as dan has detailed in his answer you can change it via the play store on your phone or you can manage your payment methods via the google wallet site . this should allow you to remove your old/damaged card and add a new payment method .
do you not get a pop-up notification saying " allow this transfer " when sending executable ( apk ) files ? that happened to me but you can also try to play around in bluetooth settings in regards to file receiving . if you cannot get it to work , i often use airdroid which works flawlessly .
try this : rename the .apk to something legitimate like .png or .jpg and send it across via bluetooth . this should get around the in-built filter of what files can be transferred . some , if not all , roms have the .apk extension blacklisted for obvious reasons when bluetooth is activated . use a filemanager of any kind , to do this for you , send the " png " or " jpg " across , on the other end , it will be saved , use the same filemanager on the other end to rename it back to .apk and you are good to go .
there are several apps available on playstore like this or this one . however , you can not change the full " theme " as such on kitkat . you can change the look and feel of your home screens , caller screen , etc with the help of launchers ( nova launcher , themer , etc ) .
basically , you can back up everything which has a " data provider " available -- as e.g. contacts , call-logs , sms , and the like . if you search the playstore for " backup " , it will give you a lot of apps for that . one of the best non-root backup solutions for this probably is mybackup pro , which covers most of it -- though there are a lot of apps offering to backup/restore parts . most other app 's data cannot be backed-up , however . some of them provide possibilities to export their settings ( and import them at a later point ) , others have dedicated backup apps ( i remember e.g. something like that for angry birds ) . for contacts and calendar , there is also the possibility to sync them with your google account . i would not , however , rely on the " google backup " for other things , as it is often reported to unsuccessfully restore . for that case , there are extra measures one can take . the easiest would be to logon to appbrain with your google credentials , and sync your installed apps . appbrain then allows you to save that as a list with their service : you can then use this list to restore all apps you put into it -- or you could even send it to a different device ( even a different user 's device ) for a " mass install " . in case you had some apps installed which are no longer available on the playstore , you could also take a look at appmonster : in its payed ( pro ) version , it also allows batch-install . plus , it captures each app you install/update and saves a copy -- which can be useful in the future as well : if some update breaks a functionality , you can ask appmonster to simply restore a previous ( captured ) version . and though this currently does not affect you ( as your android version is lower than 4.0 ) , just to mention for other users ( and your possible future device ) : starting with android 4.0 , there is the possibility for a full backup of non-rooted devices ( rooted users always have this possibility with titanium backup ★ root ) . data stored on your sd card should not be affected by the factory-reset .
try these : download the android sdk , and try the driver inside the sdk . check out this link : android lenovo adb interface driver
if you go through your apps list you can see all the apps that have permission to send texts ( or you could use appops to save having to click on every app ) , you can then narrow it down based on how reputable the app is , and/or doing web searches , once you thing you have narrowed down the app you can either , uninstall the app or block the permission using app ops , however if it was text secure that was the offending app , then you wont be able to tell as it has already been uninstalled .
pefrom factory reset \ clear cache after the cwm restore , the old rom must save data you must delete in order for the cwm to work .
that is weird . i could stream this perfectly on my android 2.3 stock browser . for you , i would suggest you do the following :- download mx video player free ( and a suitable codec for your phone ) enter the url rtsp://128.112.131.181:554/blackboard/cs/additive_combinatorics/1_luca_trevisan_350k.rm in your stock browser . you will see something like : the above url for lazy beans : click on the mx video player and your video should load properly . duh ! :d
yes you are correct . android will use cpu frequency as required including deep sleep to highest cpu frequency . if android uses 1.2ghz for high end task it will consume more battery but on the other hand will finish the task quicker than 1ghz . many custom rom also allows you to change this cpu scaling behavior by changing the governor . for eg : if you choose governor for high performance then android will try to scale cpu to higher frequency .
a faster cpu does not always mean more power consumption . tegra 3 for example has a special " battery safe " - core that is used in idle mode or when not much power is needed and will need less battery even though the main cores have more ghz .
no , they are run completely separate and exclusive from each other , not something that'll completely replace the data within your existing contacts . . . although they can be merged so that it displays one contact instead of two ( again , it still will not physically combine the data ) . that way , you can have their profile pic as a contact icon and even their birthday , phone number , email in one place if they have it on their profile . it'll try to merge automatically if the name + phone number or email from your google contact matches what they have in facebook , but it'll have to be manually merged if it does not .
i had this problem because i manually ( via titanium backup ) uninstalled one of the system apps : the korean keyboard ( which , for me , is rather pointless ) . somehow that caused the upgrading process to fail , maybe because my system was not " intact " . after i restored the app it worked flawlessly . did you make any modifications like that ? if so , try reverting them .
make device as root go to xda-developers . com - seeder topic install last seeder apk on your device run it and then your device should work better .
not really sure about the tablet version , but in the current mobile version you need to swipe on url bar .
if you can get to recovery you should be able to flash the full factory image which will restore your phone to completely stock . download the full occam factory image , which includes the full system , bootloader , recovery , kernel ( boot . img ) , and radio . it is a clean slate for these components - they will flash cleanly over anything you have now . you can run the bundled script called flash-all ( in which case it will run all necessary commands for you ) or you can unpack the tgz ( tar/gz ) archive , and then the zip contained within as well . this will put all the components into one folder : then run the following commands : adb reboot bootloader fastboot flash bootloader bootloader* . img fastboot reboot-bootloader fastboot flash radio radio-mako-m9615a-cefwmazm-2.0.1700.84 . img fastboot reboot-bootloader fastboot flash system system . img fastboot flash boot boot . img fastboot format cache fastboot reboot fastboot flash userdata userdata . img note : this command will wipe your device ( including /sdcard ) , even if your bootloader is already unlocked . note : instead of unpacking the image* . zip and flashing system and boot manually , you can actually do fastboot update image* . zip - this will not delete data ( you would pass a -w flag if you wanted that to happen ) , but it will re-flash recovery back to stock if you were running a custom one . you can then flash it back , or just use the commands above instead . either way , the result will be the same .
it appears to be a touchwiz/sgs3 feature . a post on xda developers suggests freezing contextawareservice . apk if you had like to disable it , but no way to edit the list . another post suggests that a more recent release ( lfb ) has options related to this ( settings -> accessory -> audio applications ) , but does not expand on whether or not you can edit from there .
try replacing this:auth_alg=OPEN SHARED for this : auth_alg=OPEN it just happened to me that my phone was trying shared key authentication ( ska ) , which is seldom used in favour of open authentication . by doing this my connection started working .
that has worked fine when i recently tested it with cyanogenmod 7 and 9 ( and also stock htc/samsung/motorola ) . just enter it into the usual passphrase input box but without any colons . just type in only the 0-9 , a-f letters . this should work then . here 's a sample wpa_supplicant . conf entry with a fake key/ap : note : 64bit correspond to 10 hex digits and 128bit correspond to 26 hex digits ( with wep standard ) !
i would personally use es file explorer to get the original build . prop back into your /system partition . you have to go into the app options and select " mount system read write " and it will be able to write to the /system partition . the commands for mounting the partition and copying the old build . prop from the root of your sdcard are : $su #mount -ro remount,rw /system #cp /sdcard/your_old_build.prop /system  you do not need to use those though if you are using an app that gets root access .
this is pretty hard to do with software , since there are delays in the audio stream . the transmission from you phone 's bt to the headset can take up to 200ms , and the same for the reverse . therefore before sending the audio from the mic to the recipient , up to 400ms of audio would have to be sampled and cancelled , assuming that the bt connection is stable . usually this is done in the bt headset itself , but , as you said , it is a cheap chinese headset , so the circuits for this have been left out . as far as i know , the only settings in android regarding noise cancellation support only on-board noise cancellation mics . as for the muting solution , some phones use compression to boost the mic strenth , which will raise the noise levels when the person is silent . this would cause the mute to be always on .
is this a google account issue or an issue with the phone+software combination ? is it possible for you to use the same google account in another phone ( or different google account on the lg phone , since you seem to have reset it a few times ) ?
i uninstalled all updates to market app ( android 1.6 ) and since then i am able to download new apps/updates successfully
the cause of these problems is a bug in google framework services , at least in 2.1 and 2.2 . i have been able to fix it temporarily by clearing the cache for all google apps -- gfs , talk , voice , gmail , market , etc . -- but i do not believe there is a permanent fix . perhaps in 2.3 , i do not have it on my phone yet .
it turns out that , they were all in the lost . dir folder with arbitrary names ( numbers ) -- so taking them from lost . dir folder and rename the files in that folder with.jpg extension recovers the images . for whom interested .
here 's how to do root prestigio multipad pmp3670b : -download application " motochopper " , after extracted , just run the file " run . bat " -i think you know the rest : to have installed the usb drivers to have enable " usb debugging " etc . . : ) ) i searched for two weeks , every day , after i found a forum rusia . daca .
when u go into recovery try to wipe cache . . .
i gave up and returned the phone to the guy i bought it from on ebay , saying it was faulty . my conclusion was that it was an intermittent hardware fault .
android surely can do that as well . unfortunately , you have been a bit vague on the devices used : samsung is a manufacturer having brought out plenty of smartphones , and there are also plenty of bluetooth headsets ; maybe there is something with that specific combination . nevertheless , there are some generic solutions available on the playstore , like bluetooth auto connect : it automatically tries to connect to your bluetooth devices when bluetooth has been turned on or when your device screen goes on . unfortunately , this only works with android 3.0+ , so it is not really a solution for you – but a search for " bluetooth auto connect " will give you additional alternatives , one of those hopefully works with your android version : there is e.g. shake to connect working with android 2.2+ , which at least should save you from the " long walk through the menus " . note however that i did not try any of those solutions , so no guarantees : )
this button is active for apps that are running or are be running since the last time that you started your device . android do not kill the apps totally when you exit from it , this button is for close completely the app and remove it from the stack ( apps running ) , also this button free the memory used by the app . there is no way to list the apps running , also the apps running in background have this button . there are free killer apps in the play store , to manage the memory of your device automatically .
android maintains 4 types of applications in its memory . i dont remember all but running and cached background are 2 of them . . . ( cached background can be accessed by clicking the hardware menu button when in the running tab and selecting the poped up option ) so though it might not be seen in the running processes , it is not entirely dead . mostly it shall be in the cached background prcesses . also , about task managers . . its is not advised to use them as android has been hardcoded to manage apps efficiently . app/task killers actually rather drain battery as after the killer kills apps , acording to the algorithm android follows , they will be started again ! ( and apps take up rather more memory at startup than in ideal state ) thus it becomes a cycle and drains the battery . so the force close button is active on mostly running and cached processes and may exist on a very few apps that reside in the other two types of processes ! on other apps its greyd out !
as said in my comment to paco 's answer , the information he gave is mostly correct : most apps do not exit completely if you leave them , and no app should exit if you leave it via the " home " button . moreover , some apps have background services running which the user otherwise cannot quit . now there are some situations where you need an app ( including its background services ) to be stopped -- e.g. if you want to uninstall that app ( or , in case of a system app , its updates ) . you will notice this when the " force stop " button is active , the " uninstall " ( or " remove" ) button is grayed out -- but the latter gets activated when you stopped the app via " force stop " . ( if both buttons are grayed out , you can tell it is a system app , by the way -- which you cannot uninstall ) . btw : if the " force stop " button is grayed out ( "dimmed " as you put it ) it means that app is not currently running , nor has it any service running ( at that moment ) .
the code behind the force stop button is complex and undocumented . i will reproduce it verbatim and then go through it one piece at a time . the first if line checks if any component of the package is a device admin ( that is , if it is checked in the device administrators list in the security page of the settings app ) . if so , the button is disabled ( greyed out ) so you can not stop device admins . then , the else if checks if the package is already stopped . here , stopped does not just mean " not running " . as far as i can tell , a package is in the stopped state if you have never run any component from it ( such as by launching it from the menu ) , or if you have pressed a force stop button ( this one or in a " stopped working " dialog ) and not run any of its components again . if the package has not been stopped , the button is enabled . the else case covers the rare eventuality that an app has been stopped and is not a device admin . in this case , it gives other system services a chance to enable the button . for example , the app might have an alarm set and pending , which would later cause the app to be started again even from the stopped state . in this case , the button will be enabled . if no other system service has a reason to enable the button , it will be disabled . summary the force stop button is enabled if the package is not a device admin and either you have not already force-stopped this app or you have force-stopped it but a system service thinks it will run it again . if the app is running ( and it is not a device admin ) , the force stop button will definitely be enabled , but the button being enabled does not mean the app is running .
no , it does not matter at all for recovery . just make sure that if the odin package contains anything beside cwm ( e . g . , a kernel ) that the versions match . i have used a voodoo kernel with built in cwm for replacing 3e recovery , and the kernel had to be 2.2 to match my 2.2 os . that said , you could actually flash a mismatching kernel with cwm as long as you already had the cyanogen package on your device and ready to install . you had be able to get into recovery and flash the package even if your os would not boot .
sounds like you need to delete the widget , clear the data and cache for contacts storage , re-sync , and re-add the widget . that should get rid of bad data that is likely screwing things up .
alternatively , replace the stock text/messaging app with something like " textra " from the play store . this will bring back the return key as standard .
i updated my rom to a cm variant ( slimbean to be specific ) and found this in the settings this worked for me . thanks bassmadrigal for the comment . from that i came to know of cm . my friend usually takes care of my rom , but now i see that cyanogenmod is an awesome fork of android custom rom . can i go ahead and accept my own answer therefore ? : )
press the shift key and see the change in the icon for the smiley . it changes to the enter key .
i just tried the search button on my nexus s , and indeed saw the four sites you mentioned . i think they are some combination of bookmarks and history ; i doubt that you can explicitly control them .
it loads your most frequently visited websites . when you keep visiting a particular site lots of time ( say like 3-4 times on the same day ) , then the site will get displayed in the list .
found it . i messed around with adb logcat , adb shell dumpsys and titanium backup 's freeze feature . i have succesfully narrowed it down ( on my device ) to an app called " pullups 2.04" by " northpark " from the play store .
if you go to the bottom of the search results page , you will see something like ( View Google in: Mobile | Classic ) , you can click on " classic " to view the current search result in desktop version of google , which of course have the ' cached ' link .
i would just repartition the sd card so that the first partition is larger . afaik the system does not rely only the partition size , just the order . you could , however , run su then pm setInstallLocation 2 in a terminal on the device , or from adb shell , assuming you have root . that will make installs default to the " sd card " , your second partition .
apps are stored in the . android directory of your card . the . means it is hiddden on unix systems : )
exchange refers to the microsoft exchange server email/calendaring system also known as exchange activesync . corporate usually is a generic term for business email and also usually referring to exchange activesync , but also can refer to imap or pop3 email access . as far as setting up your work email on your android phone , it depends on which way your work is using outlook . most likely you can open the " mail " or " email " ( not gmail ) app and go through the steps of adding your work email . you will need to know either the exchange server address or the pop3 or imap incoming server address and the smtp outbound server address . in addition to server addresses you will need to know what ports the servers communicate on . once you have the server information , open the email app and do the following : at the first screen enter your username and password , then click " next " . at the next screen select the appropriate type of email syncing for your account ( exchange , imap , or pop3 ) . enter your exchange server information or pop3 or imap server information and click " next " if you were setting up exchange , select t he frequency you want your mail to sync . if you are setting up imap/pop3 enter your smtp server information and click " next " . exchange setup should now be complete and imap/pop3 setup should now have syncing frequency options and then be complete .
change the password on dropbox straight away . then move the photos into a folder in case anyone gets in touch . make sure that your new password is a strong one and not easily guessed . then let dropbox know what happened and what you have done .
i think that moving apps from internal to external does not affect the performance . but it does add on an extra few milliseconds to open the app from external storage instead of in internal storage . mileage will vary from device to device , depending on speed , android version etc
apps that have a service that is constantly open , like for example viber , whatsapp , facebook messenger , etcetera can slow down the ui a lot if there are a lot of these running , so its preferable to keep apps with a constant service on the phone memory , since the impact there is non noticeable by comparison .
in my experience there has been little or any perceptible performance problem . i was having a really annoying experience managing my memory with my nexus one . i used s2e to migrate and have not looked back . amazing to be able to not have to delete apps just to install new ones .
quoting from @chahk 's answer to another question : longer boot-up and shut-down times when the system mounts/un-mounts all of the apps stored on sd card . apps that were moved to sd card are not stored in plain sight to prevent rampant piracy . instead , android sets aside some space and creates a virtual partition for each app that you move . this means that at the initial boot-up , all these virtual partitions need to be mounted before apps stored on them can be accessed . the same holds true when you turn the handset off - each virtual partition is un-mounted before other shutdown processes can happen . depending on the number of installed apps this can take an extra minute or even longer for the system to " stabilize " upon boot-up ( and about 20 extra seconds for shutting down . ) once this happens though , launching these apps does not take any longer than those on internal memory .
security and performance implications the application resources stored on external storage are read-only and hence there are no performance issues with loading or launching applications on sd card . from : http://android-developers.blogspot.co.uk/2010/07/apps-on-sd-card-details.html the post is written by a ' suchi amalapurapu , an engineer who worked on this feature . ' the feature being the ability to put apps onto the sd card .
ok : after some more reading , it looks like clockworkmod did not back up the /cust partition ie : /proc/mtdblock7 in which the vodafone logo and boot animation was stored . when i flashed my device with a generic stock rom that overwrote the /cust partition permanently . when i flashed my recovery . img , it only restored the recovery partition ( which was the cwm recovery image after rooting ) . the only way i can now get back the stock voda animation is backup the partition ( via dd maybe ) from another device to an sd card and flash back to my device partition from the sd card . moral of the story : backup all partitions ( via romdump or dd ) and not just rely on clockworkmod backup which ignores these partitions . i arrived at this conclusion by checking my logs from the saved data partition ( after rooting ) when i saw this file in : /data/load_oemlogo . txt which references /cust/vha/au/logo/oemlogo . mbn update : yes i can confirm that the /cust and /userdata2 partition are not backed up by cwm backup and restore . i quote from translated version ( german ) from here : http://66.163.168.225/babelfish/translate_url_content ? . intl=us and lp=de_en and trurl=http%3a%2f%2fwww.android-hilfe.de%2froot-hacking-modding-fuer-huawei-ideos-x3%2f203731-how-flash-partitionen-von-supertoast-anpassen.html Completely importantly! Make always only times with CWM a Backup.  backup_partitons . edit : more info and updates .
one working solution is to remotely connect to linux server through vnc and do it there . but that feels so very , very wrong .
there was a recent ( around 5-oct-2011 ) update of the offical google docs app , with the following changes : what is new in this version : optimized experience for tablet users , honeycomb ( android 3.0+ ) new 3-panel interface for improved browsing details panel showing a thumbnail and sharing information improved sharing experience with autocomplete system landscape or portrait mode improved video playback maybe it fixes the problems you described . i am sure google will further work on the tablet compatibility of the google docs app , it is just a matter of time .
home screen up to 7 home screens , with the ability to add and remove screens at will , and drag them around to change the order ( pinch zoom the home screen ) customizable dock area at the bottom of the home screen , allowing you to add/remove up to 4 apps . apps list ' screen at a time ' sideways scrolling apps list rounded square backgrounds added to all app icons in the app list ( see here ) pre-installed apps ( or apps present during the last os upgrade ) are in alphabetical order , new apps are added at the end in the order they are installed . home button holding the home button brings up a list of 6 recently used apps , along with a task manager button holding the back button and tapping the home button takes a screenshot on the galaxy s , for the galaxy sii use power + home samsung widgets these are home screen widgets that samsung include , and are in a separate samsung widgets category pre-gingerbread , post-gingerbread they are in the main android widgets list with the word " samsung " under them instead of " android " . exact widget selection varies depending on os version and network . accuweather clock buddies now ( messaging shortcuts for nominated contacts ) calendar clock daily briefing ( news , weather , stocks , social media updates ) days ( create new entries in the diary app ) dual clock feeds and updates program monitor y ! finance clock samsung ( and other ) bundled apps samsung allshare ( dlna ) fm radio ( for models with hardware fm radio ) kies air ( shares phone data , and allows control of some phone functions over wifi to a pc web browser , first pre-installed with gingerbread , available in samsung app store for older oss ) memo ( notepad app ) mini diary ( create diary pages with daily details , memos and photos ) my files ( file manager ) samsung apps ( samsung 's own app store , currently only free content in there , but some of the apps are normally paid or ad-supported on the android market ) social hub ( messaging app combining email , sms and social networks ) task manager thinkfree office modified apps contacts ( history and activities tabs , linked to social hub and social network account updates , showing recent posts by contact and recent interactions with them ) gallery ( interface to select either scrolling wallpaper or static , portrait wallpaper ) music ( disc view interface added , allowing sideways scroll through albums showing the artwork on a " cd " shape ) videos ( extra codec support divx/xvid in particular ) region specific touchwiz features throughout most of europe and asia , samsung 's mobile tracker feature is included in the security settings allowing remote password setting , tracking and wiping of mobiles registered on the http://samsungdive.com website version specific touchwiz features eclair ( android 2.1 ) - touchwiz included wifi tethering as a standard feature before it was brought to the main android os in v2.2 . ( except where noted , all from touchwiz 3 on a gingerbread galaxy s )
it is up to the app to fetch the proxy settings from the system prior to making the first connection . if a app does not do this and your local firewall prevents outgoing connections without the proxy , it will not work . you should contact your app developer about this problem and ask him to fix this .
" one " is a line of phones and also a phone itself , much like samsung and their galaxy line . there is a phone called just the " htc one " ( which i believe is the newest htc phone ) , but there also 14 other devices under the " one " name and are differentiated with 1 or 2 letters after the name .
whenever i search for info i type " htc one 2013" . that narrows things down a little .
i knew that htc one is called also htc one m7 . sources : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/htc_one , http://forum.xda-developers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=2215 http://leadergeeks.com/2013/02/19/code-name-m7-the-htc-one-is-finally-unveiled/
htc one is the latest phone released from htc in their " one " series . they named it " one " for its simplicity , which confuses a lot of people , when they look it up , and compare it to other devices from the series such as one x , one s , etc . you can always look this phone up by it is codename which is m7 . for full codename list , you can check wikipedia
i assume that you used adb push for uploading your executable to the sd-card . unfortunately the sd-card is always mounted with " noexec " which means that you can not execute anything from here . therefore you have to copy the executable to the local filesystem , e.g. to /data/local . in case the device is not rooted or you do not have busybox installed there will be no " cp " command . you can simply use cat : cat /sdcard/myprog &gt; /data/local/myprog . then you have to set the executable permission on the executable . chmod on android usually does not support the " u+x " syntax . therefore you have to call chmod 555 /data/local/myprog . afterwards you can execute your executable : /data/local/myprog .
you could also look into an extended life battery ( usually larger with a custom backplate . ) not really solving the problem , but definitely an option , and maybe simpler .
tasker is an app that can be used to automate changing settings on your device , based on various events like when you leave range of a wifi ap , or when you enter a geographic area . you can have a look through the tasker tag here for some idea of the jobs it can be used for , and how to configure it .
thanking gathrawn and izzy for the feedback i also want to post two scripts in On.X 's javascript-like syntax 1st script : enable wifi only when home ( inspired by a microsoft script ) 2nd script , also useful , toggles wifi on charge ( supposing the phone is charged at home ) using both should not be a problem unless one uses a portable charger
did you check if you card in working on your computer . if your card is detected on your computer without any messages then there must be something wrong with your mobile . else if your computer detects your sd card and gives you any message to scan/format before using it . . . then consider running scandisk on your card once your computer detects it . . . hope this helps . . .
i cannot promise that any of these solutions work on your device , but there are several apps listed which seem to be able to achieve this , as e.g. air gesture control or wave control . just try a search for " air gestures " on play apps . note : my links go to appbrain , as that site is not limited to 16 search results . being an alternative front-end to google play , you still can install your findings from the latter . appbrain even offers google play links for each app .
yes . few years ago , google apps services were separate from normal google services . even cookies were different and compatible to each other . from last year , all google apps accounts are normal google account ( you will have to sign out from normal google account if you want to sign in with google apps account in a web browser ) . and , it supports android too . i have tested it .
since last year google apps accounts are full class citizens . starting with eclair android supports more than one google accounts and since the market 3.0 update of market all android apps treat all google accounts on your phone the same way . take note however that it is not possible to transfer your google wallet history and purchases . so if a year from now you want to change your domain name for your email address you will need to keep the old account on your phone or rebuy all your apps again . it is for this reason that i recommend you to create a gmail account an purchase apps with that not with your apps account .
do you have a holder that has a magnetic catch ? it will cause the sd caurd to remount again and again
if your phone is connected to pc then might be getting chances of not detecting sd card in phone . try to change setting for removable device like below drag down status bar and select usb connection option if you are getting option like windows media sync , usb mass storage , none then select none go to phone setting --> applications --> development --> and uncheck usb debugging try this , it may help you . .
and do not forget . if none of the previous answers seemed useful try formatting the sd card and delete any existing partitions using linux disk utility .
we bought a new epic 4g for my mom a while back , and her sd would do the same thing . just randomly unmount . turns out it was a hardware issue , and they replaced the phone and the sd card . sorry , but you might be out of luck :/
i had a problem with cheap sd cards from ebay doing this , i spend a little more these days on them . there is not much you can do here if you do not intend on rooting the phone or anything . if it was mine i would wipe the thing and re-install a fresh stable rom and test that for a few days .
a friend had a similar problem playing mp3 in his car with a slow card . try at least a speed 4 card . the speed of the card is shown inside a small , unclosed circle on the card . for reference , i just bought a 16gb speed 10 microsd card from amazon for $22 .
i found it ! the answer was in pit file , because as it says here : you will only need to use this if a firmware update needs to change your partition layout ( very very unlikely ) or if you mess up you partition table ( you don’t want to do this ) which is definitely my case . so , i tried that gt-i8190n and gt-i8190 should be used with different pit files ( i tried to use for gt-i8190 one ) . so i found long list of pit files here .
no , you can not . those roms are intended for those devices only . flashing a rom that is not compatible with the device can brick the device . you should wait for 4.4 roms for your devices .
you can read more about google 's terms of service for using google maps apis or google earth apis . that should define the legalities of using their data . the apis are used by 3rd-party application developers so they can use google maps/earth data in their applications . they can build on top of that , providing additional functionalities . ( e . g . foursquare used to use google maps , for their check-in app ) . however , there is a limit to how much data a 3rd-party application can use/access for a given period of time . beyond that limit , 3rd-party application developers have to pay . this is similar to the limit that twitter has for 3rd-party twitter clients ( like falcon pro , which recently reached this limit ; thus , not being able to display twitter feed in their app ) .
usually apps require internet access for ads , analytical data , or for sending bug reports/stack traces back to the developer . other reasons might include using google 's licensing servers to validate legitimate copies of apps with android market purchases ( google 's licensing servers use the check_license permission ) . similarly , some developers produce their own keys and license servers ( prior to google 's implementation ) . for instance , i am the developer of a tipping calculator app . it requires the internet permission to send analytical data back to me via flurry . one day i plan to add this remote stack tracing program for more detailed errors ( but i have not yet because so far my app has not really generated any bugs/errors ) . but the value of this information is worth asking for the internet permission . i can see exactly how many users of what android os are using my app and what are the most popular phones using my app . however , i also give users an " opt out " in the settings if they choose to not send me this information .
vnc uses simple protocol , called rfb , you can read more here : http://www.realvnc.com/docs/rfbproto.pdf basically , it is a simple client/server based network protocol , server listens for clients to connect , once a client is connected , clients send mouse/keyboard information to the server using packets . the server parses the messages , and inject key/mouse to the local system . we released a new vnc server , vmlite vnc server , first vnc server working on any android devices : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.vmlite.vncserverhl=en
go check " plug in music widget " at android market . it is working with google music and free .
as it turned out : with adb.exe not being in the %PATH% ( or $PATH for linux/mac users ) , the batch file was not able to find it . so there are 3 solutions to it : fixing the batch file to look in the very same directory fixing the %PATH%/$PATH to include the directory changing into the directory the batch ( and adb ) files are located in , and running it from there for a one-time run , #3 is the easiest approach : open a command shell ( on windows via the start menu , open a cmd – on linux via alt + f2 and entering e.g. xterm ) change to the directory ( using the cd command with the directory as argument ; on windows , you might need to switch to the correct drive letter before ) run the batch/shell script from there if you need that script more often , it might be worth trying one of the other two approaches . not being a windows user , i do not know where exactly to add the PATH information there ( afair it was in " environment variables " somewhere in the settings of the control center ) ; on linux you can just do so in your $HOME/.profile or $HOME/.bashrc , adding a line like export PATH=$PATH:/where/is/adb  ( of course using the correct path instead of /where/is/adb ) . fixing the script/batch is a little beyond the scope of our site : )
a wired ethernet solution for some tablets is available with the bobjgear usb 2.0 to rj-45 adapter sold here on amazon . technical details about which tablets work with a wired ethernet connection is available here . specifically listed as not supported are samsung tablets except for the new 2014 pro line of tablets . tab pro 8.4 , tab pro 10.1 , tab pro 12.2 and note pro 12.2
your galaxy tab 8.9 connectivity specifications do not include wired ethernet : to solve your issue a simple usb to ethernet adapter would suffice , but as pointed out on the first comment on this answer , your device uses a proprietary connector , so an initial adapter is required : samsung galaxy tab™ usb and sd connection kit another pertinent issue as mentioned , relating an android driver and the support for usb to ethernet adapters , but this plugable usb 2.0 10/100 ethernet adapter ( asix ax88772 chipset ) , as mentioned on their support forum might help you . from amazon : plugable usb 2.0 to 10/100 fast ethernet lan network rj45 adapter ( asix ax88772 chipset )
i found that device https://sites.google.com/site/bobjgear/android-ethernet-adapter i think it is the solution . if you have some specific tablet like xoom you can use ethernet with that specific adapter
i am looking for usb ethernet for samsung note 10.1 2014 edition and this looks possible : http://www.bobjgear.com/which-tablets-support-ethernet.html
i am also facing the same problem , and here is what i discovered until now . some tablets do allow an ethernet port ( they even have the port itself ) . mostly you will have to buy an ethernet adpter ( rj45 ) to use it through the usb port , and an mini ( or micro ) usb adapter to connect to the tablet . be careful to buy the rj45 adapter that fits to the tablet 's chipset . otherwise , it will not work . those are the ones i know : ainol fire dual core ( not rooted - only w/ original firmware ) : out of stock at the manufacturer onda v972 ( still under manufacture 's portfolio ) hope this helps .
men a simple portable wireless acess point will do the trick . super simple and there are some with very tiny sizes , plug ethernet and turns into a wireless ap . use it frequently in hotels and companies without wireless .
i have had similar trouble with a different device . after you plug you device in try : adb devices  if your phone is not listed , try restarting adb : adb kill-server adb start-server  lastly , check if there are any driver updates for your phone . a good place to start looking for drivers is google 's oem page and samsung 's support page . additional tips might be found on this so question .
this is the real issue cyrus had ( we tracked it down via interactive chat ) : the phone has obviously some race condition between plugging usb in and usb ready . plugging in basically gives 2 events : power connected event ( start charging battery ) usb connected event ( enumerate devices etc . ) if the host system asks for usb enumeration too quickly ( before the power-connected event has settled probably ) , then that operation fails and the device stays invisible . the workaround is to slowly insert the usb cable . reason : usb has 4 pins , the 2 outer ones are +/- and protrude longer than the inner 2 data pins . if inserted slowly , there is a time gap between the power-connected event and the data-connected event
i had the same problem : s-planner and email would not sync . in the sync settings was also an item saying " master sync disabled " but no indication as to how to enable it ! the fix for me was to go to the options menu of the phone ( when you swipe your finger down from the top of the screen ) . you should then see a few green and blue symbols ( bluetooth/wifi etc . ) . at the top right there is a gear wheel icon and next to this on the right is another button which when clicked will show all the different icons for your phone settings . press this and look for the " sync " icon . if it is disabled ( blue ) then click to enable it .
if you unlock the phone ( as presumably you did to get it on metro pcs ) , you should be able to flash the virgin rom and activate it on virgin . however , you should call virgin and ask ! they can best answer this question , and you will need them to activate the phone on their network anyways .
in the contacts app ( or phone app if you do not have a direct link in the launcher ) press the ' menu ' button then select ' display options ' . you should find two categories to choose from , ' sort list by ' and ' view contact names by ' .
you have a special mount point* for /mnt/sdcard/download , so umount it with umount /mnt/sdcard/download remove the directory rm -rf /mnt/sdcard/download and try to figure out what cause your android to use this special mount . if you just want read-write access , run this command : mount -o remount,rw /mnt/sdcard/download and then you will be able to rm anything inside . *figured out by the discussions in your question thread
i am not sure if you are still having this issue or not , but a couple of things that come to mind : in the output you paste in your responses , you mix terminal output with $ and # . you need to be root all the time which means that you should always see a # . if i were you , i would first check the permissions on the old download directory with something like ls -alh | grep &lt;foldername&gt; . who owns the directory , what group ? try changing ownership with chown , changing chmod to 777 recursively ( just throwing stuff at the wall here to see what sticks ) . after setting yourself ( root ) as the owner and giving everyone full rights to the directory recursively , i would try rm -rfv &lt;foldername&gt; and see what output i got . hopefully this might help someone else . also , when you do ls -alh it should show you if it is a symlink , and if so to where . if it is a mounted folder , i would run something like mount | grep &lt;foldername&gt; to see what is going on .
these are not files but invalid file entries , caused by a corrupted allocation table on the sd card , which in turn is caused by a bad sector . a bad sector on the card is a good sign that card is defective and should be replaced . you can try recovering some files by running a disk check program on pc .
simply , no you can not . you can install an app that will give you another way to lock phone , like lockbot . of course , rooting will solve the problem . . .
settings > security , under " screen unlock pattern " uncheck " use visible pattern "
i think providing feedback as to bad pattern is the fixed behavior and can not be turned off . i think you are right , it ought not to show you a pattern on error , if you asked to not show a pattern while you were entering it . sounds like a good ui change to me , i suggest trying to dig up someplace to post such a criticism . otoh , do you really worry about so much shoulder surfing that someone will deduce your pattern from various errors they have seen you make ? given that it seems unlikely , you might not get much priority on such fix even your request would be consistent behavior .
are you entering an actual password , or an unlock-pattern ? lock-patterns have the option to display/not-display the path entered , so it is a lot more difficult to " shoulder-surf " use visible pattern this is selected by default . clear this if you do not want the screen unlock pattern to display as you enter it .
try super bt mono . it does not explicity say that it works for non-ad2p headsets but i believe that is the whole point of the app . there would be no need for this app with a headset that has ad2p . edit : whoops , that is for froyo only and you are on eclair . basically you need to find an app that will stream audio over the hsp profile instead of ad2p but i could not find one for you . you have 3 options as i see them : get android 2.2 on your phone and try super bt mono froyo pro root your phone , load cyanogenmod and try super bt mono pro buy a headset that supports ad2p ( they can be as cheap as $30 ) sorry i could not help more .
the answer is almost certainly yes . someone could probably get past it in one way or another . ( they could probably just use odin on a samsung device for example . though i have never done something like that myself . ) if you have sensitive data on there then a remote wipe might be the best thing . did you report it stolen with your carrier ? they could report the esn / imei as stolen so at the very least the thief probably would not be able to sell it . of course i do not know your exact situation . if you know for sure it was stolen and not lost could the police recover it from the thief ? either way best of luck to you .
it would depend on the phone , but as firesoul453 said in his answer , almost certainly yes . locking the phone is intended to protect the data - in other words : the thief cannot get your data off of the phone . due to the nature of the android system though , it is usually very easy to wipe out the data on the phone . usually this can be done via recovery , or even by bootloader unlocking the phone , neither of which require the pin to be entered . additionally , if you are on a version of android prior to 4.1 and have usb debugging enabled , they can completely disable the lockscreen pin without having to wipe the data . if it is still connected to android device manager , though , they have not wiped the data yet .
in this thread , the poster was unable to find the cause , but was advised by samsung to factory reset . according to the thread , phone info appears to be a hidden app with many permissions , perhaps malware .
reading it again : the way you speak of synchronizing , you probably use imap . so if you move mails out of one folder on one client , this gets synced to the other clients as well . if the archive is a local folder , you will thus not find them on your s3 anymore ( as for this client , the mails simply got " deleted" ) . but if it is a subfolder on the imap server , you simply need to locate this folder on your sgs3 . how this is done , depends on the client used -- so we cannot tell you unless you specify those details requested in the comments .
go to settings > applications > manage applications . select google play store from the list . select clear data . then try using google play again .
it is a configuration that must be active to give you that information , usually it is used when you are driving , to prevent accidents : turn off the voice notifications : go to settings menu click on " voice input and output " option select the option " text-to-speech settings " . uncheck the driving mode setting . from the user 's manual driving mode : activate driving mode to provide audible notifications for incoming calls , messages , or event details . change alerts on call settings : settings call settings all calls alerts on call change from " voice " to " vibration " or " off " etc
i do not have the option within settings as mentioned above on my s3 . instead i drag down the top toolbar and uncheck the driving mode option . ( scroll to the right as it is not usually immediately visible . )
the same thing happens on my nexus 7 running 4.2 and as answered in the other question the only way i found to get the screen back on was to perform a " soft reset " . hold down the power button for around 30 seconds , the device should start a soft reset ( i.e. . you do not lose any data/settings etc . ) and reboot . not really fixing the root cause of the issue but it is easier than taking out the battery every time . this is also assuming the holding down the power button to reset works on the galaxy nexus and that it is the same issue but it sounds very similar and has only happened after i upgraded to 4.2 .
it could be that something in your data is causing this to malfunction - to solve this you would have to do a factory reset . before you do that however , please try and do a soft reset ( remove battery for 10 seconds , reinsert ) . if that fails to work , do a full factory reset - you will want to ensure you have backed up your apps beforehand . if that also fails to work , then it is most likely a hardware issue , and you will have to have the screen replaced .
the solution : enable animations http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=40019
disable automatic brightness in your settings .
android does not natively use any software to sync or perform syncs with your computer . it syncs with your google account services in the cloud . you can sync certain things with your computer in different ways and it all depends on what and how you are trying to sync , but generally , linux machines work just fine with android . if you want more detailed answers try being more specific about what you want to do ( sync your contacts with thunderbird , or sync you music . . . ) .
logs are written even when logcat is not connected , although i believe the logs are limited to a certain maximum size . they are , however , cleared on reboot . you can try using an app such as alogcat to persist the logs to files , and hope it can catch whatever is misbehaving " in the act " .
there is an application called root uninstaller pro 2.7 , with the sole purpose of allowing users uninstall either system or regular applications . to download it to your phone via wap : visit http://wap.mobiles24.com on your wap enabled handset select download by id and enter 552004 click download item other links : root uninstaller pro 2.7 android app apk google play :: root uninstaller pro ( small price )
yes , your phone supports two ways to export its internet connection via bluetooth : dun-gw ( dial-up networking gateway ) pan-ap ( personal area networking access point ) see also this question ( its answer about bluetooth ) . in short : pan is supported from android 3.0 onwards as client . android &lt ; 3.0 users may have luck with wireless tether for root users . dun is not supported out of the box , there are apps though . go for pan if it works for you ( dun requires parameter and possibly eats more battery ) .
i finally managed to sort it out last night . some of the steps are redundant . boot in recovery mode format all paths visible in boot and mount ( possible redundancy here ) back to first level of menu , wipe factory clean , erase cache ( redundant imho ) go to advanced -> clean dalvik cache install the latest nightly of cyanogenmod ( for lack of a more stable release ) install their gapps ( even if the note 2 is not in the list of supported devices - if i read the table correctly ) i have done bits and pieces of the points before - but only all of them put together allowed me to have a working phone ( like i said before , there were lots of leftovers from previous experiments ) .
you can also install the software directly from the android market . but you will not be able to start it easily . you can use adb to start the app as described here i recommend myphoneexplorer . you will also need to install the desktop program and then start the app on your phone as mentioned in the link above . be mindful of any optional toolbar that might ask to be installed on your desktop though . update : i did not need to start the app on my phone , merely connecting the cable was enough . galaxy s2 on gingerbread 2.3.3 ( rooted , but that should not be a factor ) .
you can install any software from the market / google play . log in using the account used on your device and you can install any software . the app will be automatically downloaded ( pushed ) and installed onto your device when the device is online . via usb i think you can only access such information in case the usb debugging is enabled on your device . with it enabled you have access to the file system and further options via android debug bridge ( adb ) . but as your device is defect it would be much simpler to just buy or lend a cheap device and use it instead . . .
it is a pretty safe bet that something is going on with your headphone jack . it could simply be defective or damaged but there is a strong possibility that it may simply need to be cleaned . pocket lint or other materials accumulating in your headphone jack could be the issue . this was a common issue i encountered when working with customers phones at verizon and many times we would use compressed air to clean out debris from the jack , although occasionally we would have to actually insert a tool into the jack to clean it . debris shifting around inside the jack could also explain the intermittent nature of the issue . just be careful cleaning if you do find any debris and make sure you do not damage the jack or void your warranty .
no , it does not unzip the package every time . the dalvik-cache is where is stores the cache of the the dex ( the dalvik executables ) files . i know system apps are cached when the device is first booted , if the cache does not exist . user apps , if i had to guess , would be done when installed or first launched . after it is cached , it will not have to update that cache until the application is updated , which is why i think it happens in the install process . but it is also possible to just read the manifest from from the apk and see what version it is when it is launched . if the version is different then the version in the cache , it could re-cache it . edit i want to build on this a little . i just cleared my dalvik-cache and rebooted my device . watching the device logcat through ddms while it booted shows that it does system apps and " users " apps at boot up . the packagemanager " collects " the certs of the apk . then it unpacks the apk . the packageparser stores any permissions that the apk has . so these steps are done when the device boots ( if the apks changed since the last boot , or the dalvik-cache was cleared ) . but this same process would be completed when the apk is installed , since the packagemanager and packageparser are the ones that handle the process . edit2 this is not just the " run " process , this is what happens when the app is installed . the dalvik-cache acts as sort of the " registration " of the application . but during install , the app also registers with the system any " receivers " that it has . these are like the listeners for specific actions that happen , what type of links it handles , things like that . there is not a registry like the windows registry , but yes , the os keeps track of the applications that are installed , and the actions that can launch the application .
apps2sd may be able to do this , but i have not looked too closely . the long way to do it would be to go through settings-> applications-> manage applications and then manually move everything back to the phone . ==addendum== apptosd does not give you the nice " move all to phone " like it does for move to sd , but it does list everything on the sd card . there is also a " on sd " tab in the manage applications settings so you do not have to go through each and every app .
i believe you will need to remove the associated google account on your device . go to android 's settings > personal > accounts and sync . tap on the account you want to remove . next , tap the overflow/menu icon and choose remove account http://support.google.com/android/bin/answer.py?hl=enanswer=1663649
install skype application for your phone login using your skype id and password ( which you are using on your system ) .
your skype account information is held on the skype servers , not your local device , so from skype installed anywhere you can just login with the same skype name and password . i agree with the first answer .
you must have been confused by seeing too many files for the update . actually there is only one file to update to ics and hence it is the right file . the file is ruu , i.e. rom update utility . so from , http://www.htcdev.com/devcenter/downloads download desire s htc wwe ruu n/a v4.0 404.0 mb 14.01.401.2 and yes the region is wwe for this case .
answer : you can use freex3d : vrml , x3d , stl viewer by john alexander stewart available from google play store : freex3d is a 3d vrml/x3d and stl viewer for android . new - anaglyph rendering option for 3d viewing of your 3d files ! freex3d allows the user to browse local stl , vrml 97 and x3d files , and to view these files on their android gles-2 capable device . you can rotate or zoom stl files ; x3d files you can walk , or examine , as defined by the spec . use one finger to rotate or walk , two to zoom or move in +-z , depending on navigation mode set . this version works on android 2.2 and above . it requires opengl es-2.0 , which is available in all modern phones/tablets , and most released over the last couple of years . related curiosity : there is also an interesting project that worth mentioning , called x3dom for free on android devices that support webgl : x3dom ( pronounced x-freedom ) is an experimental open source framework and runtime to support the ongoing discussion in the web3d and w3c communities how an integration of html5 and declarative 3d content could look like . it tries to fulfill the current html5 specification for declarative 3d content and allows including x3d elements as part of any html5 dom tree .
well i think i panicked too soon . it was slow because it needs to sync and index all the media files and may be some other sync . i found it out from one of my friends and also experienced it after seeing my media files ( video , music etc . ) getting added to the list one by one . when i upgraded to ics there was no media in my device , so it was ready with full performance . and since my phone is overflowing with media now , it was taking some time and running the media sync in the background . so if you are facing the same problem , just give it a day or two to sync completely , before you try factory reset or downgrade . ps : i have contacted sony 's customer care and they said that a downgrade can be done at any sony service center without any charge . just fyi .
 Lock screen is probably the most discussed topic since release of jellybeans.  well currently there is only one solution to yours problem if device is not rooted . install another lock screen which will provide you that slider shortcuts and which will then be followed by stock lock screen with pin/password . one software is widget locker available in market . however this will be a waste of memory using dual lock screens .  Alternatively I'm looking for a solution for a rooted device. I will post once found.  most custom roms comes with this feature as stock like aokp and miui .
from this thread : well everyone , seems amazon went and did an update and just wanted to confirm so that everyone knows the steps in root working 10.2.4 kindle fire 2 root made easy still do work on the updated 10.2.6 here 's tutorial about rooting kindle on 10.2.4 .
i am not too keen on the why , but sh on cyanogenmod is a bit watered down . as joachim noted in the comments , usually you can modify PS1 to change your prompt , but it does not properly expand prompt variables : however , cyanogenmod does ship with a modified version of sh called ash ( i believe this is for android shell ) , which does support a subset of these prompt variables . here 's some examples of what does and does not work , with local echo removed for the sake of clutter/space : as for tab-completion : i do not personally know of a way to make this work . i imagine the main problem is actually that the adb shell buffers input up until you press enter , so the tab is not actually sent to the shell program when you hit it . a good illustration of this is to open a file with more . the q key exits the more program , but you actually have to press q and then hit enter to quit because the initial q keystroke is not sent until you press enter to send the whole buffer . okay , ssh is a different beast . assuming you have a reasonably sane client ash will give you tab-completion along with the prompt variable expansion noted above . if you are using dropbear ( the ssh daemon that ships with cyanogenmod ) then you can configure ash to be the default prompt by logging into your device ( either ssh or adb shell works here ) and doing the following : # echo "/system/xbin/ash" &gt; /data/dropbear/.profile  this assumes /data/dropbear/.profile does not yet exist , because it will overwrite any existing version ( this file is not created automatically , though ) . it can be edited instead if the file already exists , of course . then restart dropbear and log in again . you should land at an ash session :
i believe what you are asking about are similar to the verizon ringback tones , right ? ringback tones are not set from a phone level , they are a feature added and managed by the carrier . your wireless carrier could probably change it for you , but there is no way you could manage it all from your phone . i know verizon offers ringback tones , if that is the feature you are looking for you could ask about that . would be a cool feature , if it were possible .
the sound someone hears when they call a phone is dependent on the person they are calling . this is why , no matter where in the world you are , when you call a us number , you get the us " ringing " tone , whereas if you call a european number , you get the european " ringing " . the providers of the person you are calling are what provides the ringing tone . some carriers , like verizon , offer the ability for you to set tones for others to hear , usually for an added monthly fee . verizon would essentially answer the call and play the music while it continues to try and reach you . once you answer ( or it is sent to voicemail ) , then the music would end and verizon would connect the call on their end . this might be manageable on the phoen via an app from verizon , but you would be changing their settings for your phone number that is stored on their servers . nothing locally on the phone is capable of changing what the incoming caller will hear for a ringtone .
you should be able to use google voice to do that . you can set it up so that when someone calls your voice number , both your phone and your tablet ring .
you can use your google voice number and receive calls at any computer . the following snip comes from google 's web site for google voice : make and receive calls in gmail google voice lets you manage all your phone communications and seamlessly make and receive calls on any of your existing phones . but what if you don’t have your phone with you ? or what if you’re in a place with poor cell phone reception , or you’re travelling internationally and don’t want to incur expensive roaming charges ? wouldn’t it be great if you could use your computer to make or receive calls ? starting today you can use gmail to receive or place google voice calls . to get started , check the box next to google chat in your list of forwarding phones and the next time someone calls your google voice number , gmail will notify you of an incoming call . you can take the call or even listen in as the caller leaves a message , in a single step right from your computer there you go , straight from the google 's mouth . ; - )
did you enable screen rotation ? in the samsung galaxy s4 , it is in the pulldown menu . it can also be found in : System settings &gt; My device &gt; Display &gt; Auto-rotate screen .
my solution for so uses an undocumented feature ( an easy trick when there is no documentation whatsoever ) : longtouch the search bar , add it as a search engine , and then use opera 's own search bar for such sites . a trick you may like with so is to do this multiple times , then manage search engines , click on one of the so ' engines ' , and modify it so that you can readily add e.g. [android] to your searches . it may feel like a workaround , but the result is more comfortable than what i was used to on desktop systems .
a software update fixed this problem . must've been a bug in opera mobile .
seepu is another app that will monitor your phone 's cpu , memory and network usage . from lifehacker 's artcile on seepu : seepu puts monitoring meters in your android phone 's notification area . you can monitor the cpu usage , ram usage , and network activity . you can adjust the frequency the monitor is updated , how the data is displayed—just cpu or cpu and ram combined , upload and download or combine network activity , etc .
watchdog will monitor your phone 's performance and alert you of issues . here 's a quote from the lifehacker article on watchdog . watchdog runs in the background , watching for apps to start using more than a certain percentage of cpu power that you specify ( with a default of 80 percent ) . when it notices an app going out of bounds , it notifies you and offers options to kill the app , ignore it , or add it to your " whitelist " of pay-no-mind programs . by default , watchdog does not use much power itself , only checking in every two minutes or so , but you can make it run more real-time if you had like to really pin down a problem you know is happening .
try doing a data wipe and wipe the cache as well . i would then reinstall the cm7 package on the device . if the issue is specifically with cwm crashing , it could be because the partitions are sizes that cwm does not support . i had an issue like that with my nook color . i have a nerwer model and the data partitions were 5gb and the media partition was 2gb , the older versions had it reversed . i found a script that someone already created to put the partitions back to the old format and cwm worked fine after that . now , i am taking a shot in the dark here on this , as i do not have that device , nor have i really read anything about it or the issue you are describing .
here 's one more experience for anyone looking this up : i can get cwm recovery to boot from rom manager , but attempting to boot it manually by holding down x did not seem to work . i got the exclamation mark mentioned here , but the search button did nothing to bring up a menu . however , doing all of this with a usb cable plugged it , then getting all the way to the exclamation mark , i pulled the battery while still plugged in , just for a second or two , then put the battery back in . it automatically rebooted correctly into recovery without the exclamation mark . this is on a droid 2 global running various different versions of cwm recovery . edit:or of course , from the link in another answer here , try up and down volume at the same time instead of search button .
i found that the following sequence works : while on , run adb reboot recovery from command line . this will restart into standard android recovery . ( if your device is not seen , start at #2 and come back . ) take battery out . unplug usb . hold power down for 10 seconds . ( someone theorized it discharges the capictors . ) plug usb cable in . put battery in . this starts the phone up automatically for some reason . it then loads clockwork recovery automatically . i do not know why this works and clockwork recovery did not provide a standard method to start . this would work in the middle of a failed install of cyanogenmod . after a flash to a stock sbf rom , it no longer worked .
these are the steps to boot your droid 2 phone into recovery mode should you need to . turn droid 2 off press ' x ' on the physical keyboard and then press and hold power button until the exclamation point/android picture shows ( after motorola symbol ) . to access menu options press the " search " button depicted by the magnifying glass on the keyboard and the menu items will show up . browse options with the volume up and volume down keys and select option with the camera button all on side . select first option of " reboot phone " or risk messing up your brand new droid 2 ! edit:- the link to xda forum that explains you problems and one more thing if its android recovery that is loading then it means that the cwm recovery is yet not installed hence this is the video link on how to install it ( cwm )
if you " long-press " in the text field , one of the options that pops up , along with select all , copy all , etc is input method select that , and it should let you change your keyboard settings . most android keyboards also have a way to quickly change the language on the keyboard itself . on swype , you long press on the q to change language , on the samsung t9 keypad there is a " gear " button in the bottom-right that lets you change settings . do you know which ( t9 ) keyboard you are using ?
in android 2.2 's stock keyboard , a long press on space bar then swiping left or right should allow you to switch between languages you selected on Settings &gt; Language &amp; Keyboard settings &gt; Android keyboard &gt; Input Languages &gt; Select Multiple Languages . note that it depends on your manufacturer , carrier , and rom whether your phone will have the dictionary for the languages you want to use .
downlaod the android 2.3.4 user 's guide . read " change the keyboard language " on page 35 . on the android operating system , the keyboard language selection is specific for models that use a customised android version as for example is the case with htc phones . the nexus s uses the standard version issued by google , for which the quoted link applies . i can not find a user 's guide for the latest android version 2.3.6 but the procedure for setting more than one keyboard language and the procedure for language selection when writing texts is the same as with android 2.3.4 . does this answer help ?
some versions of the touchwiz launcher already have the ability to sort alphabetically . open the app drawer , press menu , view type , and choose alphabetical grid or alphabetical list .
since you are on a samsung , i believe you have touchwiz ( i believe the ace does , anyway ) . you can try the touchwiz appsorter app from the market . it requires your phone to be rooted in order for it to work . if you do not have root , one option is to wipe the data for the launcher application , which will force it to re-sort the apps . you do this by going into Settings-&gt;Applications-&gt;Manage Applications and finding the launcher ( should be called " twlauncher " , i think ) . then you select that and hit clear data . be warned , though , that this will wipe your home screen settings , meaning that any widgets or home screen icons you have set up will need to be reconfigured . you can easily set them back up , but it can be a bit annoying . you had also have to do this every time you install a new app . another alternative would be to install a different launcher . most third-party launcher applications seem sort alphabetically by default from what i have seen . adw . launcher and launcher pro are fairly popular choices . here is a related xda thread with some discussion ( aimed at the galaxy s i9000 , but essentially the same ) . some of your options do depend on what version of touchwiz you have .
the problem is solved by restarting the phone .
take a look at this forum : http://www.htcforums.com/desire-x/12477-updated-4-1-1-no-fm-radio.html . the only other way ( i know ) to get a fm radio on your device is to root it or install an . apk from outside the play store .
use spirit light . works well on desire , excellent app .
you can not ( at the present ) . there is no command in voice recognition for typing to specify that a common noun is a proper noun and it needs to be capitalized . however , this service seems to be in beta version ( see the link below ) and we can expect some improvements soon : https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/1407892 for now , android speech recognition is focused on recognizing commands such as " go to " , " send email " , " set alarm " , mainly for the use with google now . in the link below are listed the voice action commands that are recognized actually : https://support.google.com/websearch/answer/2842392
/system is almost always read-only by default . just remount it as r/w : # mount -t ext3 -o rw,remount /dev/block/mmcblk0p25 /system  there is also at least one app that will attempt to do this for you , but it may not work on all devices . another option is to use adb root ( if your rom will allow it ) to restart adbd as root , then simply issue adb remount . on roms where adbd is already running as root , the first command is unnecessary and adb remount will work right off the bat . from a pc : C:&gt; adb root * Some response about success * C:&gt; adb remount Remount succeeded  as to why it is getting blown away , is your device nand unlocked ? many htc devices will attempt to restore their /system partition to a stock state if they are nand locked , making changes to /system fleeting at best . that is something of an educated guess , but the fact that you noted that you are using visionary to temproot seems to support that hypothesis .
if you are using stock keyboard , then go to the symbols ( ? 123 , bottom left ) , then press alt ( alt , vertically second from bottom left ) , the pipe character is third from top-left . if on htc ime , then go to symbols ( 12# , horizontally second from bottom right ) , go to the second page ( 1/2 , horizontally second from bottom left ) , the pipe character is the fifth character in the third row , and the broken pipe character is the sixth character in the second row .
http://www.oneclickroot.com/phone/celkon-a95/ this should help you in rooting it .
i had a similar problem after upgrading from stock 2.3.3 to rooted jvr 2.3.4 . after the upgrade pretty much every app and background process constantly force closed - including launcherpro . by pressing and holding the home button very quickly after i closed the fc messages i was eventually able to bring up the " recent apps " window , then select task manager , and from there i was able to uninstall launcherpro . however after a bit more mucking around i decided to do a factory reset , as pretty much every app on the phone was broken . before i did the upgrade i had backed up my call logs and sms messages , and used listables to generate a html file with all of my installed apps , and i used this list to install the apps i wanted to keep again .
also , try using safe mode . you have not mentioned which device and version of android you are using , so it is hard to help .
did you have web install working ? then you can try installing an alternative launcher through the web-based android market , and that will ( hopefully ) cause the default launcher to be reset .
as long as your device is allowed to install apps from unknown sources ( check settings ) , there is no need of data plan to install amazon appstore . carriers do not ( and , can not ) lock every third-party app to promote their data plan . in fact , it may become a legal issue for them . amazon appstore is not exact copy of android market , but it has really a large no . of app collection , thanks to e-commerce giant . its the only app store for android which could compete with official android market . in fact , its a threat for android market .
libreoffice is currently being ported to android . it is reported they are making good progress , but i could not find any planned due-date yet . according to the article linked , they focus on having a viewer ready soon , and add the " tons of features " later to make it a full-featured office app . see also here for the original source , including some screenshots . apart from that , there seems no app currently available to effectively handle opendocument . true , there are tons of office apps on the market/playstore , but they all stick with the ms formats . which leaves us to hope for libreoffice coming soon to the play store . . .
i have one of these awful devices also . i will just put it simply and cut straight to the chase . . . it cannot play video well at all . i have rooted mine , in hopes it would play video files too , alas it is not possible . the cpu in the device is not powerful enough to handle decoding xvid ( a common . avi file format ) , let alone higher cocmpression h . 264 ( . mkv files , sometimes . mp4 ) . i use mine for an alarm clock , as it is not much more useful than this duty/task . if you are playing a mp3 file using the built-in player , and hit the home icon , it reboots . i had high hopes for this device , but it is just junk . i have considered selling mine on craigslist , but i do not want to dump this nightmare on anyone else either , i am just not like that . if you want a good tablet , that is able to play most video 's , get an acer a500 . you can find them refurbished now for about $250 or so . they cannot play hd video , but can play almost every regular definition file you throw at it , using bsplayer , or mirage beta player . i love my a500 and use it everyday , the whole family uses it in fact , and they all really enjoy it . the pandigital is nothing short of a paperweight . i have heard their other models are just as bad . the nova is supposed to be capable of playing videos , but it has issues too . just avoid this brand totally , and go with acer or samsung . acer is much faster than samsung , whereas the samsung screen is a little better than the acer . the samsung devices are quite expensive , and most of them come with a cellular phone built in , which was something i did not want in my tablet . you can get the acer devices at walmart , but your best bet is ecost . com as they have them on sale right now . the 500 is a great dual core 1ghz processor , the 501 is dual core 1ghz with cell phone , the 510 is quad core 1ghz , and 710 will be out soon with 1.3ghz quad core .
i found a google mobile help forum thread reporting the same problem . a google employee suggested a fix : deleting and reinstalling all the installed dictionaries . this worked for me .
from page 53 of the user guide , you need to install the android sdk and use adb to load applications . if you do this with the market ( 3.3.12 ) i would expect you would be able to use it normally after that .
i also have the pandigital novel , did the update but it only gives you a 1.5 android , which originally was promised to be a 1.6 android . secondly , the slidesam 4.0 becomes slidesam 4.1 with the firmware update , but now crashes regularly when entering the android market online . . . all in all , pandigital left us hanging with no options . . . if you are lucky , you can hack your pandigital and give it the honeycomb 3.0 android but if you are like me , ( not a programmer ) , you would not know a honeycomb if it hit you upside the head !
if you happen to find a way to install .apk files directly to your novel , there are files to install the 3.0.26 market , or if that one is not compatible for some reason or does not work well ( it is the newest one ) , heres a link to the 2.3.6 market .
the facebook app ( at least as of july ) simply does not support the transformer . it is pretty bad on a tablet anyway , and i do not even use it on my xoom . however , some solutions you could try include : try to download facebook from a different app store ( amazon , slideme , etc ) . you may also be able to use market enabler , though i am not sure if it will bypass device restrictions . there is a question that discusses this already . you could try the about:debug trick to switch your useragent to " desktop " . that is discussed here . this works on my xoom and allows me to view the chat bar . you can install opera mobile and then go into the settings and select the " desktop " user agent ( press the " o " button , then Settings-&gt;Advanced-&gt;User Agent ) . this also works on my xoom . other browsers also allow you to switch the user agent string , so these may also work ( dolphin , for example ) . you can use a third-party im client like trillian , which supports facebook accounts . facebook chat is , i believe , xmpp under the covers , so other chat clients will probably also work . if you want a tablet-oriented facebook app , i recommend friend me , though it does not currently support facebook chat . friendcaster also has a beta version for tablets that you can try out .
i advise you to use the application gps test , where you can see ( in a bar chart ) the satellites your device sees and how good the reception is for each satellite . if the gps of my device is working , the first satellite shows up in less then 5 seconds or so . then i gradually see more and more satellites appearing , with a lock taking something like a few minutes ( or much less ) . if my gps is not working , no satellites appear , not even after 10 minutes or more of waiting . ( however , take care , as the app does sometimes show old satellite charts , but you can easily see this because the reception values for each of the satellites remain constant , while they normally change every second or so ) and yes , the gps icon stops blinking once it locks on a position . that is when the latitude and longitude values are available .
i have the same problem on an htc desire hd . after the update from android 2.2 it has been been much better . still if you switch of location services or go abroad and and do not want to pay your massive roaming data charges you are pretty much out of luck , even with precached map sections in google maps . without the data connection the gps functions poorly , and takes up to 20 minutes to lock . considering that most free-standing gps devices , lock within about 1 minute it is very mysterious . a cynic would say , this is a deliberate android " feature " to ensure that google gets to collect as much location data as possible .
i had same problem with my htc desire s and nexus s , i has tried all options listed every where , the only thing that worked for me is uninstall gps status application and reboot the phone . now i never get any lock problem .
i was able to get a fix by doing the following : remove any rubber-case or any case for that matter as most of them affects the reception of the gps transceiver go outside . do not attempt to do this inside your house . go to settings -> location and turn on " use wireless networks " and " use gps sattelites " . ( connect to your wireless network now ) download and install the " gps status and toolbox " app . launch the app . press menu -> tools -> manage a-gps state press reset press download reboot your phone ( not sure if this is necessary ) . re-launch the app ( make sure that both gps and network are turned-on ) leave your phone ( while the app is running ) in a place with clear line-of-sight for about an hour . watch a movie , drink coffee , whatever . just leave it for an hour . btw , you should see a few satellites after 30 seconds but without locks ( no long/lat ) . after an hour , you should get a lock if there is at least one satellite . after your first lock , it will be faster ( a matter of seconds to a minute ) to get your next lock . and oh , you no longer need to use " wireless networks " on your consecutive locks so you can just turn that off . good luck !
i believe this happens on very large playlists ( > 100 files ) . i use doubletwist to sync and my large playlist is always out of order in gpm no matter what i try . fortunately the dt music player does not appear to use the playlist after creating it ; but instead uses its own database for the order .
i have the same problem on my nexus 5 with kitkat 4.4.2 . i have around a 100 tracks probably a bit less and the sequence in most albums is wrong . tried to clear the app data to rebuild its database but the problem remains . so annoying , pity because i love this app 's ui ! i think this is just a bug that needs to be reported and made more evidentbfor them to fix it .
had the same issue for say 50-75 files and when i reported to the developer at the bottom they asked me to simply update the app . later in the next release this bug appeared again so i simply disabled the app and went for another player or another player .
jit typically causes an app to use more ram due to the jit cache , although android 's jit was specifically designed so the additional memory usage was minimal ( compared to a typical java jit ) . on phones that are already very ram-starved to begin with , jit may result in a decrease in performance .
i would suggest trying an app like audio manager . i have not tried it on ics myself .
touch sounds are controlled by your ringer and notification volume . torque it all the way up , and if it still is not loud enough , download power amp .
most of these properties are in /system/build . prop ( or a file like that ) . but i believe the android.os.build.serial is actually set when the device first boots . the system gets the device serial number and adds it to the properties . i actually found a commit in some cyanogenmod code that you can see how exactly it is set : ( now this does say it is somewhat of a hack , but it is set when the device boots ) . from git : 57| sprintf(buf, "ro.serialno=%s", serial); 
i would leave the phone in rice for the next 48 hours minimum before sending it away . that seems to be the trick as the phone is quite tight , and certain components may need more time before the moisture will evaporate . having opened a nexus 4 myself , i can attest to how tightly the plastic seals .
zoe is not used in any app aside from the htc camera app . the mobile banking app will have just basic access to the camera where it can take pictures and in some apps , toggle the flash . if it is not accepting your pictures , it may not be taking clear enough photos or the lighting may be insufficient . or it could be the app itself . you may wish to try better lighting and be sure to hold absolutely still when taking the pictures . if not , contact the developer of the app for assistance . as for turning zoe off , it is toggled on and off in the camera app with the button on the opposite side of the screen from the shutter/video button .
a service like dropbox should be able to do this for you . it'll sync the files up to the web , and then your pc ( with dropbox installed ) should pull them down .
via email well of course this works , but i hope there is a quicker , better , more straightforward way .
with so many alternatives this days , the best options tends to be an application that allows us to work with multiple solutions . foldersync and the free version foldersync lite , both by tacit dynamics available from google play store , allows us to do just that : foldersync enables easy sync of files between cloud storage and android devices . foldersync is a application that enables simple sync to cloud based storage to and from local folders on the device memory card . it currently support multiple skydrive , dropbox , sugarsync , ubuntu one , box .net, livedrive , hidrive , google drive , google docs , netdocuments , amazon s3 , ftp , ftps , sftp , webdav or windows share ( samba/cifs ) accounts , and support for more platforms are planned .
the easiest way is this little software named sego for me : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.nex.sego
maxs ( modular android xmpp suite ) is able to exchange files over xmpp . note : according to the faq i have to disclose that i am involved into maxs . maxs is an open source gplv3 licensed android app . everyone can contribute .
gtalksms is able to send , browse and download files from your android phone via xmpp ( gtalk ) . it is also a remote sms notifier and has various other features . note : according to the faq i have to disclose that i am involved in gtalksms . gtalksms is an open source gpl licensed android app . everyone can contribute .
weatherbug ( free ) seems to meet your criteria . has nice widgets , multiple location support , and tons of weather stations . there is also a pay version ( weatherbug elite ) which removes ads and adds several additional features such as radar in motion and detailed hourly forecasts .
there is also the weather channel official app - which some users claim is more accurate than weatherbug . try both and see which suits you better .
if it has been more than fifteen minutes of purchase , you cannot refund an app via an android device . [ well , you can but via the desktop version in a browser . ] go to the google play store , click the gear [ settings ] icon and select " my orders " you have the option of then requesting for a refund , even if the app was bought a year ago [ i have tried ] .
all of the details on refund/cancellations are here on the google play support site : you can do the following : within 15 minutes , open the google play app and click refund wait 2 hours and do not download the app . it will auto-cancel after 15 minutes , sign into google wallet , select the transaction and contact the seller . they have the option to refund or not at the sellers discretion .
if you open the play store on your android device and go to that app 's page within the refund period , a refund option is available to tap . i am not certain if this is available in the web version of the play store ( it is not , as far as i can tell ) .
you can manage my contacts ( it is a system group , it should be there by default , you can create a new one also ) in your gmail contacts , and then select those only you want to sync with phone , move everything else to other groups . when you will add the google account to your device , go to contacts and select display options , and choose the my contacts group only . ( or whatever you created ) this will limit the contacts appearing in the contacts list .
to answer if google distributes binaries for your device : no , they do not ( unless you have a nexus device ) . they do , however , have the full android source code available so that if you wanted you could compile the source code for your device . however , that leads into your second question about the drivers and such . yes , you will need to find the drivers and any other proprietary files that your device requires for it to interface with android . you would have to search about compiling a custom rom for your device and how to include these files . likely , your simplest choice is find an aosp ( android open source project ) rom that exists for your device and install that . check the xda forums to see if your device is included on their site . if so , go into the development sub-section for your device to search for roms .
i would highly suggest zedge for awesome ringtones ! everyone in my family has been using it for quite a while , and finding some pretty sweet stuff : ) they have ringtones in the following categories :
you can try also myxer , which allows you to create your own ringtone from lots of songs . their website also has many things , such as wallpapers , mp3s , ringtones and more .
i have installed go keyboard and deactivated the phone 's default autocorrect and spell checker . this seems to have solved the autocorrect dictionary problem , and i am happy . seems to be an issue with the factory software from huawei . . . maybe . dunno .
you need another android phone . you can either : restore your colornote 's tibackup on another phone install colornote on another android phone and view one of your backups ( go to settings-> sdcard backup , then choose one and ' view ' it ) colornote 's backup is in /sdcard/data/colornote/ ( if you need to copy it to your new phone )
to restore your notes from sd card which were backed up using colornote 's backup to sd card functionality you can try this . install colornote app and then go to Backup select SD Card Backup . see if your earlier backups from sd card are listed there . if they are , select the one and your notes will be restored . i have tried this using the same sd card , in your case you have a backup of it so i am not sure but i guess it should work . let me know how it helps .
hi i found the answer to lot 's of peoples problems on restoring colornote files . transfering from one mobile to another , i tried everything but like most people i could see them on the phone 's sd card but i could not read the files , this is how i managed . if you have files backed up to an external hdd copy the colornote data folder to the phone 's sd card , open colornote go to settings and sign out of online sync ( this is the secret ) , while in settings go to sd card back up and select the first one of your file 's when you select the file it gives the option to restore . hit restore and all your files will then show in colornote . if any files are locked it will require that you enter the password i just used the same as used on my old phone and i could then open and read the files .
it is easy to restore colornote backup files from pc : connect you android phone ( or tablet ) in mtp mode open connected android phone folder on your pc locate " data/colornote/backup " folder on the android device and copy your backup files to that folder open colornote on your android device and go to backup , select sd card backup , touch the saved backup data and restore it . if your android has a sd card , you could just plug the card into pc and copy the files . on my colornote versions , the backup restore deletes previous files .
you can install android emulator ( such as www.bluestacks.com/ ) install there colornote and send notes to email or save them to a file .
in my case the program had problem finding my backup after upgrading from android 2.3 to 4.2 . the backups were in sdcard1/data/colornote/backup and i needed to copy them to external_sd/data/colornote/backup for the program to find them .
this website has a very good answer : http://www.droidforums.net/forum/droid-hacks/13466-how-back-stock-no-su-no-busybox-etc.html seems to cover all your bases . essentially involves : flashing the stock recovery and boot images to replace custom ones then either manually removing all the " root " bits , or ( option b in the post ) flashing the official update . zip putting your phone back to stock ! good luck : )
this code is used for factory format . it'll remove all files and settings including the internal memory storage . it'll also reinstall the phone firmware , which should remove your root ! once you give this code , there is no way to cancel the operation unless you remove the battery from the phone . so think twice before giving this code . enter this : *2767*3855# in the dialer .
this is a stab in the dark , that i read somewhere else : power + x volume up + camera button and in the menu select reset to factory defaults ? i am assuming this is going to take you back to ver 2.0 without root , without any apps , contacts or anything else you have done to your phone . granted , i do not know this for sure but its typically how all devices work eyes his old ipod video i have reset that thing so many times with a ' restore ' and it always removes any hacks i have done to it . i would be interested to find out how this works after the phone has been rooted .
i was able to restore the factory firmware using the instructions here . worked with no problem on windows 7 . : ) i guess this is why we should use custom-recovery like clockworkmod ?
try rebooting into recovery and connecting to the phone via adb : adb devices it should give a message like this : List of devices attached 01234565ABCDEFG recovery  you can then copy the file off the phone : adb pull /system/build.prop c:\build.prop you can now edit it in any text editor ( recommend notepad++ because it will preserve the unix style line endings , ) and then copy it back to the phone : adb push c:\build.prop /system/build.prop if the issue was indeed within that file , the phone should boot now .
you restore the backup you made before editing such a sensitive file . rm build.prop cp yourbackupbuild.prop build.prop  if you did not have the foresight to make a backup , then i guess you can ask for someone with the same phone/software version to send you theirs .
i am assuming from the way the question is written , you may want fixed dialing numbers ( fdn ) . the samsung galaxy s4 can be set so that it may only call certain numbers from a set of specified prefixes . this is useful if you only want to call people on a specific network to save additional charges on inter-network calls . to do the restriction , you may need to follow these procedures . phone > menu > call settings > additional settings > fixed dialing numbers > enable fdn follow the prompts to supply the rest of the information needed . if you have fdn already enabled , and the number list is too broad , you can try disabling it , and using dialing presets instead .
i do not think there is , but you could use a bluetooth a2dp headset which would allow you to wirelessly listen to audio being outputted by your phone . some pcs / laptops can also output audio from a paired bluetooth device like a phone .
the upgrading to 10.2 from 10.1 page links to a flashable zip with the photosphere enabled camera app . that link appears to currently be broken . here is a working link . after flashing , the camera app has the ability to take photospheres .
an update to 4.2.2 should fix the bugs . my galaxy nexus has been running a lot more stable since the update . you should be able to find the update in settings> > about phone> > system updates .
go to settings , more , application manager , then slide menu to the left till you see all . then scroll down and look for smart wifi and simply turn smart wifi off . hope that helps .
i also have the same tablet . i just installed a 32gb micro sdhc and it worked right off the bat . it came pre-formatted , i installed it with power off , and on power up it was recognized and mounted . polaroid 32 gb cl10 micro sdhc flash memory cards for tablet pcs and smartphones ( p-sdu32g10-efpol )
are you talking about a folder on your pc with a bunch of playlist files in them ? if so , you could use an app like dropbox to copy your playlist folder to your phone when you change your playlists on your pc . then you can browse to them using the file explorer on your phone .
summing up from the comments : as ott-- suggested , no dev can test his app on all devices . there are far too many devices out there to have them all ; and though there are solutions like submitting the .apk to a testlab , that is not always an option . but you could approach the dev with your issue , and asking him to send you an .apk to test ( you can install that via side-loading ) . this first can be an unmodified version , as there is no " compatibility check " when sideloading . once you proved it works without side-effects , report back to the dev to fix his app 's Manifest , so it can show up on the playstore as compatible with your device .
three things : forget about " the app and your device " . between the two , there is a set of standards : the api . those standards are the important part here . if you have any reason to think the app is doing non-standard things , then request that the app author fixes it . if you have any reason to think that the device does not support standard things , then request that the device manufacturer fixes it .
what is the partition format of the sd card ? fat does not supports symlinks , although i believe it should be possible to create a symlink in ext3 that points to a fat directory . also , there are operations that even root are not allowed to do , such as writing to a read-only drive or writable drives that are mounted read-only . what is the output of ' mount ' command ? also , your command looks fishy ; try using absolute path ( i.e. . do not prepend the path with ./ , instead prepend with / ) : $ su # ln -s /mnt/emmc /mnt/sdcard/external_sd 
the reason for the different behavior is that dropbear was using a different shell than the terminal app . a workaround would be to just use the same shell as the terminal app : echo "/system/bin/sh" &gt; /data/dropbear/.profile  note that this is in contrast to the cyanogenmod wiki , which instructs you to use the busybox shell : /system/xbin/busybox sh
can you replace the pwd symbolic link with a script that just runs ' busybox pwd ' ? or would an alias work ?
it sounds as though you are using your tv as a media renderer for a media server ( hosted on your pc or other computer device ) . if that is the case , then yes , it is possible to use your android device as a media renderer for a media server . download mediahouse upnp / dlna browser and a video player with a codec that supports your video file-types ( vplayer video player is the best that i have found ) . if you instead meant that you wanted to stream the content provided to you from your tv service provider , then that is a bit more complicated . generally , they do not allow this since they want you to pay some odd sum of money for an additional renderer that they own . the process would go soemthing like this ( if not otherwise allowed ) : use some kind of capturing device to record ( temporarily or permenently ) the video content transmitted through an appropriate cable ( hdmi for example ) . you would theoretically need to split the signal or re-route it . then configure a media server on your pc to stream the recorded content . this would not provide a stream however which would have to be in a protocol like mjpeg to work as an actual " stream " . you would need something akin to an ethernet based capture card that provided a video stream over ip .
a bit more playing around led me to a ( if not the ) solution . i found an " enable headset buttons " check box in meridian , which prompted me to dig further into beyondpod , where a found a similar setting . everything works as i would like now . i have since gone back and checked a couple of things though , which are not quite as i expected . i thought if you re-enabled the controls within one app , it might disable the other . this is not quite what happened . when i re-enabled meridian , it responded to the controls , although beyondpod still showed it as supposedly responding , which it did not . once i would disabled meridian again , i had to go back into beyondpod , disable and re-enable it is control in order to have it respond again . my main gripe was that if i were listening a podcast , and bumped the headphone controls , the music would start playing over the top of my podcast audio . while it may be a cute multi-tasking demo , it is not a particularly practical use of this feature , imh ( bc ) o .
yes , flashing a custom rom will void your warranty . however , it is very simple to revert to the stock rom with a galaxy s for warranty purposes . rooting will also void your warranty , but the method below does not require root . the easiest way to a get a new os for a galaxy s is to use odin for windows ( download here . search for " heimdall " if you want to do this on linux ) . you just need an odin-flashable rom . for the galaxy s vibrant , i highly recommend the rom i currently use , bionix v1.3.1 , which has a touchwiz-free version . i assume you have a gt-i9000 however ; you should look for one that suits your purposes in xda 's i9000 android development forum . edit : according to this post , the only completely touchwiz-free rom is cyanogenmod , which is unstable/buggy . so if you do not want cm and just want to replace the launcher , you can do that without flashing another rom as amanda says in her answer . otherwise you can continue with the instructions below for using odin . once you have the rom , do the following : put your phone into download mode remove the battery if non-i9000 , attach the phone to your pc via usb . hold volumedown plus either the home key ( i9000 ) or volumeup ( non-i9000 ) and the power button reinsert the battery . let go of the power button only about 1 second after the white device logo appears ( if it does ) after a few seconds a yellow triangle with an android in it should appear , you can let go of the keys since this is download mode . start up odin . if non-i9000 , detatch your phone from usb . attach the phone to usb so that odin recognizes it . load the . zip file you downloaded ( the custom rom ) into the pda field of odin . load the 512 . pit file into the pit field of odin . check " re-partition " . hit start . odin will tell you when it is done ; if it fails , reboot your phone and try again . ( this happens occasionally ) . note that if you need to back anything up , you should do that beforehand and save the backup to your pc , since everything ( except probably the external sd card ) will be wiped on the phone . also note that you do this at your own risk ; odin is very powerful and misusing it can damage your phone . i have used it dozens of times myself safely .
in order to replace the os there are a few steps that must be taken . i do not have a samsung galaxy s phone nor do i know how locked down it is . at this time , i do know that the sgs is not available on cyanogenmod yet ( popular stock-ish android os rom ) . in general , the steps for any phone would be : root the phone ( varies by phone ) download rom manager flash a recovery such as clockwork recovery make a backup of the phone 's original rom with nandroid use rom manager to download a rom , such a cyanogenmod flash the rom with rom manager . some phones it is not possible to flash a rom because of a locked bootloader . most motorola droid phones except for the original droid and xoom have this problem . however , as already mentioned , you can still replace the home launcher with another such as launcherpro , adw or numerous others .
i am not familiar with the samsung galaxy , but in general if you want to install an aftermarket os you need to root your phone and in general rooting your phone will void the warranty . do you have other reasons for wanting to change the os or is it really just touchwiz ? according to this xda post , the only touchwiz-free rom is cyanogenmod . it is very unstable on the galaxy s though . however , you can install a different launcher such as launcherpro . touchwiz will still be on the phone , but just in the background , so you can have a more " stock android " experience by using another launcher . i hope i have answered your intial question . do not hesitate to ask new questions about how to go about disabling touchwiz if you do opt to go that route .
quick answer : yes it is possible to get a nearly stock android on your galaxy s . i just flashed gingerbread to my galaxy s last week or so . you can find any relevant information here : http://forum.cyanogenmod.com/topic/17020-all-models-cyanogenmod-7-for-samsung-galaxy-s-phones-experimental/ contrary to what is written in the first post i would actually say that it is already pretty stable for a rom which is described as ' experimental ' . since i installed it i cannot remember of any system crash or similar . ( which does not mean that it will not destroy your phone . ) there are some missing features/bugs though . notably : radio , frontfacing camera . another funny bug is that your data connection only works after you lock and unlock your phone . ( you have to do this once it boots so it is not a big deal . ) and oh , gingerbread is awesome . edit : if you are on linux you can use heimdall instead of odin .
according to the whats app faq section : your whatsapp messages are automatically backed up and saved on your phone 's memory daily . if you delete whatsapp from your phone and do not want to lose any of your messages , be sure to manually back up your chats before uninstalling : go to whatsapp > menu button > settings > chat settings . tap backup conversations . to export a copy of the history of an individual chat or group , you can use the email chat history feature : tap and hold on the conversation or group . select email conversation . choose whether to attach media or not . an email will be composed with your chat history attached as a . txt document . if you choose to attach media , the most recent media sent will be added as attachments . this should be enough to solve your problem .
from a quick search of the market , only northern bank has anything obvious in there at the moment , and they are not quite one of the really big uk high st banks . ( barclays have a couple of apps but they are all related to their marketing/sponsorship nothing to do with personal accounts ) .
firmware is a bit of a loose term . with android you can assume that all firmware updates are android updates , even if it is only a minor version update . it is rare that a new bootloader or something would be pushed out with no changes to the os . anyways , android has lots of services running in the background all the time . unless it is consuming your battery &mdash ; it is probably idle and not using any &mdash ; it is not a problem . running task killers is a great way to make your battery life worse and destabilize your phone , so definitely do not do that . finally , android is customized to varying extent by the manufacturers . most of them at least change the launcher , which can make the homescreen look different . the fact that it looks different from the stock android homescreen is not surprising : )
no . it is a cdma phone using 800 and 1900 mhz bands . cdma phones can not be used on gsm networks ( at and t , tmobile . . . ) . gsm and cdma are completely different technologies .
try invitation processor free .
it looks like this is a known issue . i am using k9 mail and , while i would swear i have replied to meeting invites in the past , but i just tried sending my non-gmail imap self an invite from my google calendar and i get an ics attachment and k9 mail complains that it is " unable to find a viewer for application/ics " it looks like there are a couple of apps in the market that will handle this , though . take a look at iscer and ics bot -- i have not tried either but both profess do to do what you need .
if you have rom manager before , then you can install any rom which you will find on different sites
Settings -&gt; Wireless and Network -&gt; WiFi Settings , hit the menu button , and choose advanced . however , it appears this does not support user authentication . i can not find a solution online , either : ( . the question i marked as a duplicate may be of some assistance , though your version of android may be too old for any of this .
not sure how much reliable this is , but i found this app : sms gateway their description says that e-mails via pop3 can be sent via sms , while sms can be sent via http get request .
the old reader 's website has a list of apps that are known to use its api . the only android app currently listed is : listener launcher which is an alternative launcher , so probably does more than you want . however a quick search of the play store for " the old reader " comes up with : the old reader ( unofficial ) app , and the greader ( free version ) ( paid version ) app both of which claim to sync with the old reader , amongst other services .
you can not transfer system apps ( that is , the apps that came preinstalled ) to another device or back them up . the apps will be built into the funtab 's rom ( or system image ) , and even if you could extract the files , they almost certainly will have copy protection to stop you using them on a different device . to make an analogy , imagine you bought a pc and it came with powerdvd . now imagine you were to break the pc and buy a completely different one from a different manufacturer . you would not have an install disk for powerdvd , and the old installation would have copy protection so you can only use it on that specific model of pc . if you wanted to install powerdvd on your new pc , you had have to go out and buy it . preinstalled apps on android are no different . if you had downloaded angry birds from google play ( or most other marketplaces ) , you had be able to install it on any device with your account . you would not need to back it up : google would know that you had bought it , so they would let you download it again for free . preinstalled apps do not work that way , though .
it varies from phone to phone , but generally in your camera settings you can set a destination . if that is not an option , you can try something more creative with an app such as tasker to have it automatically move pictures that your camera adds to its folder to a different folder on the sd card . if your stock camera app does not let you though , there are solid camera apps on the play store that certainly do .
if you have the fb messenger app installed on your droid , go to the apps and open messenger ( fb blue app next to messaging ) . press the menu button ( the 4 small squares on front of droid ) and you should see the option to log out on the right . be careful , once you log out there it says continue . if you continue , it just logs you back in . so , just leave it at that and go back to the app and continue when you do want to be logged into fb chat .
unfortunately , i have noticed that you actually can not do this as well as it is supposed to work . the only solution i have found is to uninstall the app . i know that many providers and manufacturers include facebook as a " system app " . i do not know why they have , but it means it is stuck there until you root or whatever . you can logout of the facebook app and either use m . facebook . com in a web browser or download an alternative like friendcaster for android . ( i do not work for them , look for another if you do not like them ) . joe : )
in the official facebook for android app , you can shut off chat via the following : start up facebook make sure you are in the main menu ( press back if it shows the news feed ) click " chat " press the menu button and hit " go offline "
you will probably want to wipe everything and reflash your rom . this xda post has everything you need : what this is : a package to return your device to a completely stock state . it differs from h8rift 's packages in that it includes a pit file to repartition your phone . this is especially useful for those who accidentally flashed the wrong pit ( cough . . . bella ) or screwed up their partitions some other way . is this dangerous ? : no . the pit file i created has been tested and confirmed working by myself . instructions : make sure the drivers for the infuse 4g are installed ( installing kies is the best way to accomplish this ) download and unzip gtg 's_ultimate_unbrick . zip run odin3 v1.7 . exe as administrator place your phone into download mode ( pull battery , replace battery , press and hold both volume buttons while plugging in the usb cable ) make sure your phone shows up in odin as com## click the pit button and choose infuse . pit ( and make sure re-partition is checked ) click the pda button and choose pda_uckd5 . tar . md5 click the phone button and choose phone_uckd5 . tar . md5 press start in the rare case that it finishes and your phone proceeds to boot loop , pull the battery , replace it , press and hold both volume keys and then press and hold the power key , keep holding all three buttons until 3e recovery comes up , select " delete all user data " , and finally select " reboot system now " . ----download---- gtg 's_ultimate_unbrick . zip ( 183mb ) note that odin is very powerful and , despite the fact that the post says it is not dangerous , odin can brick your phone . proceed at your own risk . that said , i have used odin dozens of times myself and it is saved my phone several times .
the solution is to install program wake lock and set the setting to PARTIAL_WAKE_LOCK . this keep necessary power for sd card even if of charger and with disabled display . it obviously cause a bit more battery consumption , but far less then constant sd card remounting . no root needed .
best option is to get a bluetooth with fm ( sony mw600 ) . once paired to yr nexus 5 . when you will get calls the fm will stop and resumes after yr call is disconnected .
afaik , nexus 5 does not have a fm radio ( just checked the specs at gsmarena . com ) . so , you cannot listen to your local fm broadcast and should rely only on online radio stations .
as ramni said , its good to go for bluetooth head set with fm . it serves 2 main purpose . connect to your through bluetooth ( wireless ) , so that you can answer call and listen to music stored in your phone . since it has in built radio , you can use it with out your phone for listening to radio while taking morning walk or some thing . but the drawback is . device is little expensive . need to charge the device .
from self testing of the drive , quickoffice and the new docs apps and an official google blog posting , it seems like the strategy will be : google drive app to view and organize your files quickoffice to open ms documents stand alone google docs apps ( docs , sheets , and eventually slides ) to open google doc files some testing i did shows ( moto x 4.4.2 with docs v1.3.144.12 ; quickoffice v6.3.1.041 ; drive v1.2.563.21 ) : the quickoffice app only opens microsoft format files ; i am unable to load native google documents the new docs app only opens google doc word files ; i am unable to load microsoft format files a google blog post has a statement that leads me to believe their strategy is to remove document editing from the drive app itself , and just have it open the stand-alone apps for google doc files , and quickoffice for ms document files : if you don’t have time now , over the next few days you’ll be prompted to download the apps when you go to edit or create a document or spreadsheet in your drive app . and of course , you’ll still be able to use the drive app to view and organize all of your documents , spreadsheets , presentations , photos and more . we also may be in line for a new google drive update soon - which removes in-drive editing . the ios version of drive has stripped in-drive document editing ( in favor of the external apps ) and added a pin code to allow you to encrypt local documents . ( source ) edit : the new google drive app has been released , which removes in-drive editing , and will prompt you to download the new docs and sheets apps .
root : as you understand , " root " in this context refers to the ability to grant a user the privileges of the root user . it is similar to installing sudo on a linux box ( but android root uses su , so there is that fundamental but small difference ) . we have a tag-wiki for it which has more information : root . flashing : in the world of embedded systems , mobile computers , microprocessor-based development , and other technologies that led to modern smartphones , to " flash " something is essentially to copy files to a device . the etymology goes deeper than that , and does not seem to have a specific single meaning , but in all practical terms , in the android world , it is essentially a word that means " replace system software " ( but varies contextually ) . firmware : firmware is actually a word that , in its original meaning , does not seem to apply to android . however , the word has come to be synonymous with the android os when used in this context . os : this will not be any different from the term in other computing-related contexts . android itself is an operating system - and many other things . ( for example , it is also a development platform , etc ) . bootloader : the bootloader standard used for arm embedded systems ( like most modern smartphones ) is indeed quite different from what we are used to on x86 and x86-64 . speaking in a practical sense , the bootloaders used on android phones have the same job as grub or syslinux , they just work differently . recovery : many android devices come with support for a separate extremely basic piece of software , which is called " recovery " . it generally includes its own kernel , separate from the kernel android runs on , and is limited in functionality . it is used to write to system partitions in order to perform actions like changing/updating the kernel , android os , or other modifications that can not be done while the android system is in memory . recovery update . zip : os version updates , patches , and many more things are often saved to a file called " update . zip " . when recovery mode is started ( booting to recovery ) , it can be set to automatically load this file and install whatever it contains . kernel : the kernel used in android is the linux kernel - version 3.4 for most modern devices . cyanogenmod : cyanogenmod is a fork of android which purports to maintain the " true " android experience . it is actively developed and supports many devices . titanium backup : this is an app , available in the play store , which backs up applications and application data . it can , of course , also restore apps and data . it requires root access in order to do this . factory reset : when performing a factory reset , the device does not erase the main filesystem . it restores it to a " factory " state - removing user settings , applications , root , call history , etc . you will want to check the tag-wiki for factory-reset for more information here .
i have had a similar issue with my new mobile , razr maxx running ics . it turned out to be an overzealous car hud application that consumed cpu cycles even when not running . uninstalling it solved the problem . what confused me initially was that android os was shown as the main battery drainer and not the app itself . since you had the same issue with your previous phone , this suggests a misbehaving application that you have installed on both . i would try turning off gps and mobile data/wi-fi and observe whether the battery continues to drain at a similar alarming rate . if it is the internet connection that triggers the problem , this is likely due to an ad-supported application unsuccessfully trying to phone home .
check the running services . you will know what is running unnecessarily . i closed these , and i could immediately see a change in speed .
another very common source of galaxy nexus slowdowns is quite a nasty hardware/firmware issue documented here : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=39154 . this will probably affect you if you have less than 3 to 4gb storage free . there are some workarounds but they involve root and thus possible warranty invalidation . i found that clearing out some storage and rebooting does help somewhat , but have not yet tried the workarounds .
this looks like it could be an issue with certain background services malfunctioning . try observing the background services and disable some of them to see if you might hit the culprit . to do it in a way that is less hit and miss , there are several battery app in the market or you can use ics native battery monitor to see if there are anything that are consuming more battery than it really should .
a common fix for this kind of problem is usually buying a case for your phone . i also have this problem in galaxy mini , but ever since i bought a thick silicon case , my problem is solved . but this did not get rid of the misbehaving touchscreen while charging problem , which is probably caused by the flux of electricity messing with the capacitive display .
that is easily accomplished using tasker . if you do not know , tasker is the most complete automation solution for android . it does not come for free ( 5 euro -- but you can get a free trial on their homepage ) , but is definitly worth the price . just take a look at the tasker userguide for a full description . tasker combines conditions and tasks to profiles . in your case , the task would be something like : task autosync : auto-sync : on you will have two conditions , one for each profile ( tasker always connects conditions by and , so you need two different profiles : profile home : condition : wifi connected ( add your home network 's details ) task : autosync profile college : condition : wifi connected ( add your college 's network 's details ) task : autosync now , when you are not connected to any of these networks , switch off autosync manually once ( you will not have to repeat this ) . next time you connect to one of the two networks , tasker turns autosync on -- and resets it to the previous state ( off ) as soon as you are disconnected . if tasker is too heavy for you , i am pretty sure there are other automating tools which can accomplish this simple task ( llama - location profiles for example ) . but now that you have got the idea , you will find the related app fitting you .
the current best , known solution is to use " adbwireless " to connect the device with one 's computer over a network . be careful to connect both devices to the same network . if you do not have access to a wireless network , the . apk can be transferred in harddrive mode after exporting the project from eclipse . however , this route does not allow use of adb for logging , debug mode , or any other tools . ( see application " alogcat " if logcat logs are wanted ) if anyone finds other solutions , please edit this answer .
the fact that you are rooted is great , because that means that you can isolate the problem by trying to switch to another rom . if the problem disappears , then it was software related and it is then solved : ) i suggest you look at galaxy mini android development on xda-developers and find a rom that you think looks nice . ( i am noting one of them now has the word " wifi fix " in it ) . do not forget to install a custom kernel after the rom if the instructions tell you to do so , you do not want to run a flashy new rom with an old kernel . the reason new rom + kernel is something that is important to try is that these components regulate the functions you mentioned ( wifi , bluetooth etc ) , so by replacing them completely we know if there might be a hardware malfunction or if there was some kind of software bug to begin with .
did you try hot booting ? if your android device starts acting funny , what do you do ? that’s right , you reboot the device and everything goes back to normal . but , what if there was a faster way to solve your issues ? many times , the culprit of any and all failures is the shell itself . this can be easily terminated via any of the available task managers out there , but here is a better solution . xda member appelflap has developed an app that will only reboot the android shell . this has several advantages , like the fact that you will not have to go through menus and/or lists of apps to find the shell to stop it . also , it is faster than performing a soft reset . and best of all , it is a one touch kill . source : http://www.xda-developers.com/windows-mobile/reboot-the-shell-only-with-hot-reboot-for-android/ unfortunately i could not find the app the developer made . the linked application thread only contains the text " on market now " with no name or anything to follow up . so you might want to try searching on play store for hot reboot . in my htc desire running ics there is option to hot reboot which boots my phone from boot animation . i am not sure but i do feel its a tleast twice faster than normal reboot . there are some claim that hot reboot is twice faster as well . for eg : http://www.intomobile.com/2010/09/29/hot-reboot-android-video/
have you tried this app or similar ones like this - fast reboot - google play . you could also try disabling some apps from auto starting via apps like these - startup manager - google play another thing to do could be to install a custom rom , which may have lesser bloatware but may come at expense of stability . in custom roms you may also have option to disable boot-animations , although the difference would not be much .
2 places to check : settings -> wireless and network -> usb settings , and select " ask on connection " . settings -> applications -> development -> usb debugging [ disable usb debugging ]
try removing and reinserting your sd card .
you might have a broken cable and/or connector : install alogcat and unplug the usb cable then clear the logs , then re-plug the usb cable . you should see something like this : if it is just something like this , your connection is not detected ( broken cable , . . . ) :
when i experience this , turning the phone off and on again with the usb connected seems to make it work . i recommend you turn it on and off again .
just slide downwards and tap " usb connected " . from there , you will see the " connect usb storage " button . just tap it , and wait for the android image to change from green to orange . now , you are connected .
as with normal disks , this should apply to the disk and not a specific partition . some file systems offer additional caching , which then would apply to the specific partition -- but disk cache should always apply to the entire disk .
there are two levels of technical reason why this would not work . not all mobile phones allow the software to control the audio that gets sent over a voice call : the microphone feeds directly into the cell radio . this is the same reason that apps to record calls or play sound over calls do not work on every phone . gsm lossily compresses the sound signal using methods that are specifically designed to work with voice . if you were to try to send arbitrary data ( such as an encrypted signal ) over gsm , it would come out garbled at the other end . if you want to make a phone call that your carrier can not eavesdrop , there are apps available to do this , but they work over wireless internet , not over gsm ( i.e. . they use data not voice ) .
when you see a message &lt;User&gt; was removed then it means two things : the group admin removed the user from group . the person deleted/deactivated his account . i can vouch for this one because my friend lost his mobile and on deactivation the message appeared in my group that he was removed without me taking action . yes , &lt;User&gt; was removed and &lt;User&gt; has left mean two different things , &lt;User&gt; has left comes up when user voluntarily leaves a group but keeps his whatsapp active .
i am the admin of my group and i did not remove my friend yet the message appeared " user was removed " i think when someone deactivates their account then this message comes but maybe there is one more possibility , if that user blocks the admin then he/she might be getting removed from all the groups where the same person is the admin whom he/she has blocked . and yes if the admin removes that person then also ' user was removed ' will show
it might be the difference one one getting removed by others ( group admin ) and one leaving group by self .
yes if admin of group removed a person from the group then , whatsapp will " username was removed " , if the person in a group left the group then it will show " username left " . . it is not means user deleted the account
if the admin itself goes off from the group before removing all the other members then it shows this message about the admin to the other remaining members left behind in the group .
you can use an alternative like handcent sms - it has a button to allow full screen editing . also , you can customize the font size / style to something more suitable from within handcent .
the galaxy y gt-s5360 simply does not have backlighting for its capacitive buttons ( source 1 , source 2 ) whereas the ace does - there is nothing you can do .
multiple things with your issue : i would never trust a tech who recommends a task-killer for this problem . disqualified 100% . same for the one claiming all android phones last for only one day . that is bogus . it always depends on usage . i have one lasting 7 days ( well , no sim card inserted , not wifi activated -- it is rather used as a stand-by computing device for some apps -- but it is a phone , and it runs longer than 10h ; ) , and my " standard phone " ends up at ~75-80% after 14h usage . tech #2 and #4 sound more reasonable : any app ( especially if " consuming push services" ) can be the cause for such a problem ( see below ) , and monitoring battery usage is a generally good idea ( that tech i would trust most from the ones you mentioned ) different kind of usage causes different battery drain . sometimes processes go havoc and drain the battery quite fast . i had that " big surprise " multiple times already , last time yesterday : went down from ~80% to 5% and " emergency shutdown " within ~2h while in my pocket -- i only noticed that by the " beep " on shutdown . but this should not be a regular ( daily ) issue ; i experienced this maybe 4-5 times in a year with my current device . recommendation : take a look at the battery statistics ( usually found in settings &rarr ; about phone ) to determine which app ( s ) are causing the most battery drain . maybe you have got some " bad egg " on your device , if this happens regularly . second recommendation : take a look at how to deal with ( orphaned ) wakelocks ? -- maybe that is what affects you . again , this could be a mal-functioning app . battery only lasting for ~10h is nothing rare with heavy usage . remember these are no longer " dumb-phones " , but rather " pocket-computers which also can make phone calls " . useful resources also include : how can i tell what is really draining my battery ? how to debug a battery issue ? how can i find out what causes “android os” to consume battery ? follow the tag battery-life
how far can we trust on the battery capacity that these manufacturers mention in their devices and in their product specification ? this is one important question which we can not overlook during such debates . also , the battery capacity is at its best during its first charge cycle and it actually drops with every successive cycle , though the rate of drop varies from type of battery to number of cycles and many other factors included . so , the only true way to measure the current battery performance is to monitor how many amps being drawn during a particular operation/duration . unless you are doing for a research purpose this kind of investigation does not pay off in any way . btw , if your 4000 mah battery drains in 4 hours from full charge , the current handled is around 1 amps and i think that is too much for these kind of electronics . in your case , i would lay all my suspicion on the over optimistic battery rating of your manufacturer .
you can check the source code of battery history and battery history part of settings . i had not got time to properly check it out , but from an initial scan , i think it is updated every time the app is started . the file from which the app generates the statistic however , batterystats . bin , is probably collected at real time as the system starts and kills apps and system services are turned on and off .
i believe it is real-time . meaning , the stats are always updated as the battery is being drained ( or charged ) .
one option is to disable the notfications from the built-in messaging app ( in the messaging app , press menu , select settings and then scroll to the bottom and take the tick out of the notifications box ) . you can then use a 3rd party app that gives you full customization of the notification options , like sms popup which gives you control over the vibration duration and pattern , as well as a lot of other notification options .
i will assume you use androids default sms app . open it , go to settings -> notification settings -> vibrate pattern . if you are using a specific sms app , setting this up might be similar ( if the app supports it ) .
i have read about that phenomenon of some androids having trouble in mixed wpa/wpa2 mode a couple of times now . as you described , people solved it by using either wpa or wpa2 ( or even wep ) . so wpa2 only you tried ( but got trouble with your mac ) . any chances to pin it to only wpa ? wep would be a last-ressort , as it offers only marginal protection . remark : not sure about your settings for this , but in some cases people had ssid broadcast turned off on the router ; turning it on again ( i.e. . broadcasting the ssid ) solved the issue for some of them .
the file places.sqlite stores history information . i suppose that if you manage to delete the entries you want from there and then sync your changes then these entries will not show up in your history . here is some info about editing this file
you can only delete specific visited pages while going through the complete browser 's history . i asked because you can not actually delete any visit while they are filtered out by a search query . i think this should be allowed as a feature because if you had a big history you would need to spend an unimaginable amount of time to delete a very old entry while browsing it completely .
there are a number of possible reasons for an inaccurate location , mostly relating to the lack of a good gps fix . if the phone cannot get an accurate gps fix , it will use more approximate methods of deriving its location - such as cell tower locations and wifi hotspot locations . possible reasons for no good gps fix , in vague descending order of likliness : you are indoors , or the sky is otherwise obstructed ( trees can have quite an impact ) gps is turned off or disabled on your phone , or you are using google maps on a device that does not have a gps receiver . you have not used the gps for a day or more , or you have moved a long way since you last used it , and it is taking a while to get a fix - this can take a minute or more in some circumstances , especially if you do not have a data signal . the gps is not working properly . some phones have gps trouble occasionally and require a restart . there is interference with the gps - e.g. naval forces sometimes conduct exercises with gps jamming , and i have had . . . variable results trying to use it near a large naval base before . normally if google maps can only give an approximate fix it will show a circle around your position , showing uncertainty . it might help with diagnosis to know whether you are seeing this circle , as that will indicate whether maps knows that it has an approximate location or whether it thinks that it has an accurate one and is wrong .
yes , it will take longer to charge if you are using it . the same as when you are using a laptop while it is charging .
yes . the galaxy nexus will accept no more than 4.5w of power ( 0.9a @ 5v ) from a charger , regardless of what the charger is capable of supplying . this is not a whole lot , so doing stuff will cut down on the amount of power available to charge the battery and it is actually possible to run down the battery while you are plugged in . testing by a guy on reddit showed peak power draws from the battery of over 5w when using google maps , so you had end up using the entire charger supply to power the hardware , and another 0.5w drawn from the battery .
only if you are rooted . see this answer : taking a screenshot of an android phone ?
try map it ! it wont let you send anything from the maps app , but the map it ! app uses google maps and lets you draw routes and put push pins into the map , then take a screenshot of it and send it via email or mms . it is useful if you want to send a picture of a particular place on a map or some kind of mock up to a map , but it is no good if you are trying to send the route that you already mapped out in the seperate maps app . to do this i believe you had have to draw the route by hand on the map in map it . also , you should note that it puts an add at the top of the screen ( in the same way other apps do this ) and when you take your screen shot it will show that add too . there is an ad free version that i have not tried .
have you tried holding down the power button and the volume up button at the same time until you see the dead android and red triangle , if you then tap the volume up button once you should see a list of options including factory reset ( complete data removal ) which will reset the device to the basic state it was in when you bought it
go to settings-applications-usb debugging and enable that . if you are running ics , go to settings-developer options instead . now when you connect your phone via usb , it will show up as a mass storage device and you can directly copy files to/from the mass storage ( and sd card if you have one ) . try placing the certificate in the root directory of your sd card and then import it .
you are completely right with your assumption : whenever an app is installed , it is first copied to /data/local . you can check that directory if either you have got a file manager permitting you to go there , or have the android sdk installed . no root needed , as this directory is readable and writable for the shell user . but to your last question : no , i am not aware of any mechanism to control that delay ( never saw a corresponding setting ) . if it can be configured ( and is not hardcoded in some place ) , this will most likely involve root privileges .
an i/o error may be indicative of filesystem corruption . if your device has a removable sd card , try removing it , putting it in a pc , and running a filesystem checker on it ( such as fsck on linux ) .
my galaxy s with 2.3.3 has no option for bluetooth tethering , but my lenovo thinkpad tablet running 3.1 has such an option . i am not entirely sure if the option comes from stock android because it does not get listed on wikipedia . so i assume that it is an modification from lenovo . 2.3 will require root for bluetooth tethering if there where no modifications by the manufacturer and i think bluetooth tethering has not found the way in stock android yet .
for android 2.2 i belive you do need to root the device to install a tethering app . however , android 2.3 does have tethering over wi-fi or usb built but i find that it does not work that well so i have still rooted it and installed the app . i do not know if the problem with the built in tethering is a problem with my phone or android overall so you might find the built in version works fine . hope this helps
android 2.3.3 was ( on all devices i am aware of ) vulnerable to the gingerbreak exploit , which used a software hole in android to gain root permission and therefore does not require wiping your device . superoneclick provides this as one of its root methods , making it a popular choice for rooting versions 2.3 to 2.3.3 of gingerbread .
you might also want to look under google play to make sure your apps are not set to automatically update . i had a friend that did this for every app on their phone and would suck the battery life like crazy bc especially if the service was not great was constantly trying to update the apps .
short answer : simply reboot the device . i have had that on multiple devices already , a reboot always cured this . explanation : the real culprit is not the locationmanagerservice itself , but the way how is dealt with it . in my answer to the question how to deal with ( orphaned ) wakelocks ? you find a section called what if it is the android system itself ? , which explains this to a degree ( and offers a link to further information ) : an app might have requested location updates with a frequency of 0 seconds , thus keeping the device busy . instead of requesting a " partial wakelock " ( with an appropriate auto-timeout ) , it might have requested a permanent one ( which it needs to release explicitly ) . if now this app crashed , the wakelock gets orphaned , the request for location updates remains , and nothing ( but a reboot ) can solve this . this is just a raw description and probably not 100% technically perfect -- but i tried to put it into " laymen 's words " to make it easier to understand . if somebody wants to put the details into " technically perfect terms " , feel free to do so : )
unfortunately there was a rogue update from hd widgets that caused this : hd widgets bug i have emailed the developer and hopefully they can update soon . this was insane how debilitating this was to my phone .
just go to a store and say that it was an incident . . pay the fee and get a new display
you could use it to test accessibility applications that are used by blind or visually impaired ; these apps rely on audio and haptic feedback to tell you what is going on . not sure how you had get into that mode , however .
you can get a remote shell with it , without the screen working . you will have to install the android sdk on your pc . another thing you can do is use android screencast to view the screen remotely . it does not have the best frame rate , but at least you will be able to interact with the screen . you may have to use this to get the remote shell working , as you may have to turn on usb debugging in settings -> applications -> development -> usb debugging you can also get a replacement screen , i found a couple on ebay , ranging from ~$50 - ~$100 . some are just the lcd screen , some include the the touch input panel too .
try paste , free from the market , as per text editor that supports italic text and tab indenting , via keyboard shortcuts so far the only thing i have found that supports ctrl + i and ctrl + b . g
the svox classic tts system replaces the ( robotic ) native android pico_tts ( and pico_tts is generating the speech onboard the phone ) free main application https://market.android.com/details?id=com.svox.classic $3 voices like the british victoria voice https://market.android.com/details?id=com.svox.classic . langpack . eng_gbr_fem
this is apparently not possible with android 2.2 on motorola droid .
this is normal behavior , my brother has a moto e ( same amount of ram ) , and it ends up unloading lots of recent apps , if this was a priority you maybe should have gone with a different phone ( the moto g has a good processor , so can run plants vs zombies , but it can not multitask as well .
i have not looked exhaustively at the filesystem itself ( did not use adb shell or anything ) , but i am fairly positive the warning is just a generic message that shows up whenever you clear data for an app or system service . i tried a couple of different apps and services and always saw the warning . after clearing my media storage data and unmounting/remounting my sd card i had : all of my music still available ( after it had a chance to rescan ) my google music account still set up and properly linked my ringtone still set to the correct song on my sd card all other accounts and settings normal so basically , everything excepting the actual list of songs on my sd card was retained , and the list was refreshed after i remounted the sd card , as far as i can see . other than clearing media storage data , the only other thing i have tried to get my music to update is just unmounting and remounting the sd card ( or using an app like sd rescan to do it for you , as mentioned in the other question ) . i have personally had kind of mixed results with this , but the clear data then remount cycle always seems to work .
gps does not understand static direction at all ; it can only infer direction from motion . but there is an electronic compass inside the phone as well as the gps . you might want to download the " gps status + tools " program from the market ; you can see detailed status information for both the gps and the compass .
just from the market description , astro player looks like it might .
you can not just install the apk , you have to download a gapps package , which contains all the google applications that come with google licensed phones . this , however , requires rooting the phone and installing a recovery . the reason for all the trouble is that while android is open source , google apps are proprietary code , and devices have to be licensed with google in order for the apps to be included on the device . for more information , see how can i install the google apps package ( play store , . . . ) on my android device ? , rootzwiki gapps page and gapps download .
the problem is that whereas the bluetooth connection functions as a bridge network device , wifi tethering creates a nat which may prevent some functionality . see if enabling transparent tunneling or ipsec over udp on the client help . since tethering does not support port forwarding , you can not use pat on the device .
you could give qoppa pdf notes a try : the best app for editing , annotating , filling forms , and signing pdf documents . qpdf notes is a user-friendly , all-in-one pdf app to view , edit , and markup pdf documents , digitally sign and share them , and fill pdf forms . saved documents are fully compatible with adobe acrobat and the pdf standard , and can be viewed in any capable pdf reader . the link leads to the demo ( which places a watermark on all your edits ) ; a full version is available for about eur 4 . if you just want to annotate , there are plenty of apps available capable of that . p.s. : and it sure is " the best app for editing pdf documents " at the moment -- i could find no other , so it is also the only afaik : )
if i may , i suggest kk keyboard . i am not advertising , but i use it myself , because my keyboard did this too .
see this image released by htc . it describes the update process in a very detailed form : edit : fixed link
in addition to the incredibly long htc infographic in mpeti 's answer , other manufacturers have come out and said why their updates lag behind official google releases , and why they do not release updates for older models : sony mobile : ice cream sandwich – from source code release to software upgrade , selected excerpts and headers below : however , before we can roll out those software upgrades , there are a lot of activities to first of all get ice cream sandwich to work and become stable on all sony ericsson phones . we call this the bring up phase . secondly , and perhaps most important , we must certify and approve the new software release with all the different technologies , networks , and hardware that a modern smartphone should work with . we call this the certification and approval phase . the bring up phase : getting ice cream sandwich to work on our phones integrating android patches getting the software stable and adding localisation the certification and approval phase : making sure the software and hardware is compliant additional approvals might be needed many operators also want to customise the software according to their requirements when all of this is done , we are ready to roll out the software release variants as software upgrades to operators and consumers around the world . motorola used to have a good blog entry on this , but seem to have deleted all their older blog content in the last few months . however the wayback machine has an archived copy of it : archive . org : motorola update on ice cream sandwich , selected text and headings below : once source code is released from google , it doesn’t automatically update to your device . each new version of android launches with one device partner , in what is called the “google experience device” or ged , the showcase device for a new android release . the ged partner for each launch works with google during the development of the os so that the device and new android version are ready for a coordinated simultaneous launch . once that ged device ships , the rest of the android community gains access to the android source code as its made public shortly after – a critical milestone for device manufacturers and component suppliers , enabling us to start work on integrating the new release into our existing products . merge and adapt the new release for different device hardware architecture ( s ) and carrier customizations stabilize and ‘bake’ the result to drive out bugs submit the upgrade to the carriers for certification perform a customer pre-release release the upgrade we are planning on upgrading as many of our phones as possible . the ability to offer the upgrade depends on a number of factors including the hardware/device capabilities , the underlying chipset software support , the ics support and then the ability to support the motorola value add software . also , pc mag why it will take so long to upgrade phones to ' ice cream sandwich '
android phones have at least 2 fingers in the pot that iphones do not : the hardware maker and the network carrier . the hardware makers often consider their drivers trade secrets , and therefore must learn the new versions code and then adapt their drivers . manufacturers also often provide custom " skins " that must be updated for the new version , and sometimes wholly redesigned . any changes must then be approved by the carriers . they often addon their own features , which must be updated/redesigned and tested . then they must run networks tests for each phone to ensure it will not crash the network . while these tests must go on for iphones also , they are probably done before the new version is released , as apple can produce all the phones running the new version at once for testing , before the code is released to even developers .
when google releases a new version of android , the build is then processed by the manufacturer . this takes several months for them to assure the update can take advantage of the phone 's features , and so they can install any additional features they want . the process is then repeated for the carrier , which again takes several months .
this is a 2-part question . part 1 asks why android phones do not get the newest update right away , and has been answered adequately by the other answers . part 2 asks why older phones often never get the newest update , and has not been answered yet . as lebeau says , there are other corporate stakeholders besides google . google only creates the new versions , and , besides the phones it directly creates , like the nexus line , it does not get much say over whether and when the others put them into the phones . also like lebeau says , all these other stakeholders have to learn the new version before they can implement it . this is why the phones get new versions later , and why certain phones , like the nexuses , get the versions before anyone else , because google has already learned the new version . as for part 2 , the hardware makers want us to keep buying new phones every couple months , right ? otherwise , how will they keep all that dough rolling in if we keep using our old phones ? they had be in the same position the computer companies are in : with storage and ram enough for any purpose , why buy any new hardware ? the answer is to stop updating old phones , so if we want the newest features , we have to get a new one . google probably does not do this as much , as it is already selling you android , so why does it need to sell you phones , but it probably does it a little bit . the network carriers , for their part , probably help with their draconian rules like preventing rooting ( or else you void your warranty ) . this is why , as you say , " a July 2010 android is basically a paperweight" . as for your comment about improvements being " mainly userland " , i do not know how all that works , but i am sure it is not that simple . the upgrades may be in software , but not all software talks to the user . plus , the hardware makers put " skins " on our phones , so we do not see the inner workings , and it is likely that when they finally upgrade to the newest version , they put some new stuff in themselves , so that an htc one phone at android 4.2 is different from a samsung galaxy siv phone at android 4.2 . probably either htc or samsung throws some new features out to put in 4.3 , and you do not even notice they did it . then , when let 's say the htc one does not upgrade to 4.3 , but the htc two does ( i am making this up ) , you are forced to get htc two to get ( some of ) the new features of 4.3 , as well as some features of 4.2 you did not get with htc one . i am not certain this happens , but it is normal business procedure , so i would not be surprised .
i think there are a number of reasons why updates are so slow for android devices : the time it takes a manufacturer to apply their customisations to the new version and ensure everything works ok can be quite long . this has improved over the last year or so as google give them an android pdk , or the platform development kit which should allow them to work on their customisations several months in advance of the public even hearing about the next version of android . the time it takes for networks to test the update and apply their customisations . there is little incentive for manufacturers to apply the update ( especially on 1+ year old devices ) as they are trying to sell their newest devices to customers . most customers do not know or care what version of android is on their device so why would the manufacturer spend time and money updating the device to the latest version . you can also look at this article which goes into a bit more detail , including why apple is able to release updates ' so much quicker ' ( essentially because they control both the hardware and software ) .
i think software update has reverted all your settings , follow the steps : if you are using gmail app , then you should go to settings and check the concerned setting and also go to phone settings and under accounts click google and sync now . if you are using stock email app follow the above procedure but im accounts select email and sync . also check the email app settings . reply if problems persist .
you should check out google 's cloud to device messaging ( c2dm ) framework . if you just want to send stuff from your browser to your phone try chrome to phone ( it is a kind of reference implementation of the c2dm framework ) . good luck !
this app should help . since you have rooted your device , it should work fine .
time is updated using specific protocols . the information exchanged might include a dst flag ( at least i would have done that if i would made the specs ) , together with a tz and the unix time stamp . but given that not even ntp does that ( neither tz nor dst ) , it might be doubtful . so far the thoughts . however , gsm devices such as many android smartphones rather use nitz ( network identity and time zone ) , which a.o. specifies ( according to wikipedia ) : this standard allows the network to " transfer its current identity , universal time , dst and ltz " 1 but each is optional , and support across ran vendor and operator varies . this presents a problem for device manufactures which are required to maintain a complex timezone database , rather than rely on the network operator . from this we can learn : it might be this information is provided via nitz , as the specs allow for it . but network providers also might include additional sources to ensure this . one other point is that not all carriers support nitz ( see wikipedia ) . i am not sure what they use instead ( a good guess might be the reference broadcast time synchronization ) ; but different carriers might use different methods . so to me it looks like there is no " general answer " − as you can also see in this discussion : sometimes ( or rather " some places" ) it works , in others not . if you want to dig deeper : time synchronization in telecom networks deployment of precision time protocol for synchronization of gsm and umts basestations ( pdf ) frequency and time synchronization in packet based networks ( pdf )
if your rom has theme chooser integrated into the system , i would recommend just switching to an aosp theme , like this kitkat theme . you can check if you have theme chooser by doing any of the below : android 2.3: check if there is an app in your launcher named ' theme chooser ' , with an icon of the android robot colored four different colors android 4.0+: check if there is any theme-related menus in settings . if your rom does not have theme chooser , then you would have to get your hands dirty with manually themeing system apks . go to xda-developers for more info and tutorials on that .
the best way i have found to do this is using an app called any cut . any cut allows you to launch just about anything , follow these steps for the two that you mentioned ( tethering settings and mobile networks ) install any cut pick a quick key to set ( tap the key if unset currently or home-> menu-> settings-> quick keys-> [ select a key ] ) under more , tap any cut tap activity select the activity you want to launch ( network settings for mobile networks and the 2g/3g switch or settings --the 7th settings -- for tethering and portable hotspot ) thanks to [ jeff hamilton ] for developing any cut ( and releasing it for free ) and also to [ pikipirs ] of xda-developers for pointing out which settings option to use for tethering
as a programmer i find this interesting . password fields can be ( and usually are ) treated differently than normal text boxes . given that android is open source i guess it is possible that samsung has at least attempted to include code that prevents a password field from passing information typed in it back to the keyboard application , but like others have stated i am skeptical . in order for a keyboard application to collect your data it has to include the extra step of capturing your input , storing it somewhere , even if it is just temporarily in an instance variable , and then sending it on to a third party . i would be interested to hear what samsung says about this and how they supposedly prevent it , but i am guessing that is an answer we are not likely to get .
moto x has 2 chips a bit like the m7 chip in iphone 5s which also uses the a7 as its main processor . the nexus 5 has 1 chip which is why it cant replicate all the goodies of the moto x , although its a much more powerful phone . this chip uses very little power and has dedicated tasks like geo positioning . so when you pick up the moto x it knows it is moving , because the 2nd chip is always on , and shows the messages etc . if the nexus 5 chip was always " listening " for movement , the battery would die in a few hours . so the 2nd chip basically runs on very little power and thus can run constantly . so the voice commands in moto x will work all the time and you dont need to be in the screen launcher for ok google to work , which cant happen on the n5 without the aforementioned killing of the battery . so thus there is no touchless control on the n5 . not sure if that answers your question exactly , but in part - you wont be able to do the moto x trick on your n5
here is a video tutorial on how to get it setup . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-6woh20ulli explanation of video this requires the xposed framework ( http://goo.gl/nnwz9 ) and the google now api for it ( http://goo.gl/5pf3jg ) . you will need to be rooted to install the xposed framework . first you need to do this : 1 . open google now api 2 . click plugin ( example autovoice ) 3 . check " enable " for google now integration in tasker you will need to setup something similar to task for task : 1 . create a new action 2 . create ' if ' ( for action category ) 3 . for condition select ( or type if you cant find ) avsource 4 . make sure condition is set to matches 5 . type in googlenow for what the condition matches 6 . create whatever action you want for the if ( need to be familiar with tasker ) 7 . create ' end if '
there is no such command . you want to use ip link , with a space in between . you might want to look up ( under settings -> about phone -> status ) the original mac address of your phone . then issue the command without the interface name first : busybox ip link show , and look for the mac ; you will find the interface name of the wifi adapter , which may very well not be ' eth0' . mine for example is ' wlan0' . then you could try disabling wifi first , then changing the mac using the commands on the site you linked , then re-enabling it . it may or may not work - for me , the address change confused the android settings app and it failed to connect to any network i tried . do not worry though , everything these commands do are temporary and reverted by a reboot . you could try searching the /system directory for the configuration file of the wireless adapter and editing that . mine is at /system/etc/firmware/wlan/prima/ , but it is vendor specific and this is an xperia . be careful to make a backup of the original , because if you screw this file up , your wifi may not function ever again . this file ( or any other file in /system ) is not restored at reboot ! you are not going to like this part . you could ask your school to un-blacklist your mac instead , although they probably had a good reason to blacklist it in the first place . in this case , by changing your mac , you may very well start an " arms race " which will end up in them whitelisting only their machines and locking everyone else out for good . try not to abuse their system , and only use it with a spoofed mac when really necessary .
please take a look at google japanese input : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.inputmethod.japanese swype keyboard has japanese language built in as well : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.nuance.swype.dtc
this is strange behavior , and one i have not actually seen before . do you by any chance have an app installed that could be turning the wi-fi on ? also , how long do you wait between sliding the slider and turning the screen off - it may not have had time to update . i have only ever since this issue once , and i believe that it was a software issue . if you cannot fix it , i would recommend ' forgetting ' your works wi-fi network , so that android does not automatically connect to it . you can do this by long pressing on the wi-fi network in the wi-fi settings menu .
the comment on the question : my guess is that your carrier has installed some sort of " connection optimizer " onto your device with the most recent update . which actually just means that it will use wifi when it is available because that will result in less overall traffic on their 3g/4g network . on sprint device you can go to settings-> wireless and networks-> more . . . -> -mobile networks-> connection optimizer to enable / disable this . try poking around your wireless settings to see if you have something like this . this solution worked for me . i have had the same problem as the op since i upgraded to android 4.0.4 a couple months ago on the sprint network . 4g and wifi would both turn on by themselves at random times , no matter how many times i turned them off .
ygps , as far as i can discern ( i do not own a fairphone ) , is an app which lets you view what gps satellites your phone is currently connected to . i am guessing it probably provides the same kind of function here , and is likely draining your battery life because it is constantly making gps calls in the background . my guess is that , being a poorly developed app , the developers decided to call every permission possible to ensure they would not run into any issues . it is likely only using the gps function of the phone anyway , but considering you were going to anyway it is probably not a bad idea to disable it .
there is an app for this . you can use it to install flash player on a jelly bean device . you can also try installing flash player and then upgrading the device to jelly bean .
why not use adb shell and look for the process id of that update manager software and uninstall it or even disable it ? do you know the name of the package responsible for the update ? two ways i can think of pm uninstall com.motorola.xxxxx or pm disable com.motorola.xxxxx trouble is , if the student in question is extremely inquisitive and leans towards android hacking . . . well , this will be the weakest thing you can do , since the tablet would be outside of your control and all hell breaks loose if some student happened to allow the upgrade to proceed ! another way that has its advantage/dis-advantage : pro : reliable ! con : temporary root under ics , un-heard of ! why not use a temporary rooting procedure ( its temporary and will disappear on reboot - z4root is one i know of that will allow it but 100% uncertain if it will work with ics ) , the idea is - to obtain root temporarily , and nuke the updater from the /system/app directory and cleanly dispose of trailing data and what-nots associated with the updater apk . then that should put your mind at ease . trouble is , really , you are dealing with such inquisitive minds and they will invariably find a way around the lock-downs , unfortunately . . . :d it sounds like a lose-lose case here which is outside of your control since those tablets are coming in and going out of school into the student 's home that has wifi etc . one thing though as a recommendation , by-pass whatever powers-that-be that has approved the budget for the tablets and go direct to motorola and ask them is there a solution and explain the situation to them to see if they can knock up something to prevent it from happening ? surely on their end , they can blacklist certain known serial numbers or something . . .
based on this blog post , the galaxy ace has geo-tagging support . so yes , it should be able to store location metadata , if you enable it . and according to another blog post , kik messenger removes metadata .
i am not sure about a shortcut but a simple widget should be good enough for your needs . while i have not tried this myself here is how i would start : write a simple widget to put on the home screen . be prepared to send in a new intent as soon as the widget is started up open the dolphin browser while having your device connected to adb . notice the intent that is being sent by the activitymanager when starting the browser . in your app create a new intent ( ) and fill it up with the specific component/class name of dolphin browser and pass in the url of the site you want to open as data . i think the tricky part will be detecting the exact class and component name used by dolphin browser . the rest of it should be straight forward ( i think ) .
it is doable , but you cannot do this without 3rd party application , because by default shortcuts or bookmarks ( as available in the system features ) do not hold such information . i am not able to name any app that would do this , as i never personally needed this , but i am certain they do exist as it is not technically complicated , as most likely you are not the only one with such needs . all it needs to be done is to create a shortcut , which would launch this 3rd party app being a " proxy " and said app would then call explicitly specified application handing your url to it .
there is a way to disable updates of your google play application , but it is not secured . it is possible for you to have problems updating your market when you decide you want . if you want to try , this is what you have to do : you have to root you device install link2sd open link2sd click on the play store update select actions convert to system app reboot immediately read more here .
yes , the google play store does self-update itself . as far as i know , there is no way to disable the auto-self-updating of the play store application as it is built into the application/system 's code . you might could try freezing it with titanium backup ( requires root ) , but i do not know if that would work since the play store is also integrated into the os . the only sure way would be to disable all internet connectivity . is there a specific reason that you want to disable this feature ?
according to the section 3 of the google play terms of service you consent to automatic updates : updates . you may need to install updates to google play or related google software that we introduce from time to time to use google play and to access or download products . products originating from google may communicate with google servers from time to time to check for available updates to the products and to the functionality of google play , such as bug fixes , patches , enhanced functions , missing plug-ins and new versions ( collectively , " updates" ) . by using the google play store and installing these products , you agree to such automatically requested and received updates . *bolding added for emphasis .
look in settings-> accounts most likely you will have an account there for facebook . there may be settings for that account that allow you to choose what gets synced . otherwise if you do not need any of it , delete the account . it will not running in the background updating facebook statuses for those contacts . . . should help with battery life , memory , etc . hope this helps .
there are multiple approaches to this . not all of them are available on all devices , so you might have to " skip " some . i will list them in the " order of their convenience " , i.e. easy and non-destructive things first : check settings→storage for some entry to delete/format the card connect your device to your computer via usb . if you are lucky , the card will be offered to it in ums mode . then use your computer 's tool to format the card ( take care to not use ntfs as file system , android can not handle it . to be on the safe side , cards usually ship with fat file systems ) remove the card from your device , and use a card-reader to attach it to your computer . format it using your computer 's tool , as described in the previous example . as many manufacturers decided to replace ums with mtp , if none of the above works for you a downgrade to an android version before 3 . x might bring back ums support . but that should be left as the very last ressort ; after all , a card reader comes cheap . depending on the device , there might even be possibilities to enable ums using a hack or a specific app ( provided the device is rooted ) , see e.g. enable usb mass storage mode in lg optimus 4x hd .
you can use sdisk . sdisk is a scriptable fdisk . or you can use fdisk . here is an example for a sdisk script :  sdisk /dev/sdcard/ &lt;&lt; EOF 0,400 EOF 
why would you have to look in the app settings ? just determine its location via certain organizational/explorer apps ( es explorer comes to mind ) , and voila , where it is—that is your answer .
it depends on router to router , like i have a belkin router , in which i can set up mac address filtering . to set up this , open your router default page ( might be 192.168.1.1 or 192.168.2.1 ) . if it asks for password and username , first try leaving it blank , if this does not log you in , try putting admin in both user name and password , if this does not log you in , contact your isp ( internet service provider ) . then go in the firewall settings and then find mac address filtering . then add the mac address of the device you want to be allowed in the given fields . only the devices whose mac address has been entered , can connect with the router . you can manage all this via your mobile . if you post your router model number and company ( located at the bottom of the router ) , i can tell you if your router supports filtering or not .
the device goes to sleep when the screen is off and no background services are doing anything ( such as checking for mail ) . when this happens , the wi-fi chip in the phone can go into a low-power state . this saves power while the device is asleep , but has some costs:- next time the device wakes up it'll take an extra fraction of a second to turn the wi-fi back on , making the tablet less response when you turn the screen on . if the device wakes up to perform a background task ( such as checking for mail ) , that'll take slightly longer too , and use more power . that is , the device uses less power while asleep , but waking it up costs slightly more : like the trade-off between keeping the engine in your car running , or stopping it and using more fuel/battery to restart it later . any apps with " push " features ( using google cloud messaging or similar ) will not work while the device is asleep . that is , you will not get google hangouts messages , or notifications from gmail , while the device is asleep . if those costs are fine for you , leave the setting off to allow the wi-fi chip to go to sleep when the rest of your phone does . otherwise , turn the setting on to keep the wi-fi on all the time .
that is not a bug , it is a feature . it is called the " back stack " . the idea is that you perform a single task , like reading e-mail , and all activities , that it is what " windows " are called on android , are grouped together on the task 's back stack . if you want imdb " in a separate window " , that is as activity of a new task with its own back stack , you can simply open it from the launcher by selecting the imdb icon .
you can use connectbot to tunnel your connection over ssh .
you can configure android to use a proxy server . but you must do it either from the adb client , or from the terminal in a rooted g1 . > adb shell # sqlite3 /data/data/com . google . android . providers . settings/databases/settings . db sqlite> insert into system values ( 99 , ’http_proxy ' , ' proxy:port' ) ; sqlite> . exit read about @ http://discuz-android.blogspot.com/2008/01/set-proxy-for-android-web-browser.html
follow these simple steps to make sure whether the problem lies with your video or the application- try to update the app from the play store if available . after the update power off your device and wait for few minutes . ( 2-3 minutes max ) power on your device and open your app and check for any other video is it able to play or not ( from the start till the end ) . if the video is able to play then the problem lies with your video which you are trying to view as it might be blocked or censored in your country . if most of the videos are not playing and showing the same error then you need to have a follow up with the you tube support team with the video link and the device specifications .
if you update via android 's over-the-air ( ota ) update , you will lose root . you will need to re-root again if you want root access ,
a boot-loop can have different reasons . though in most cases this happens after flashing a new rom , other things might affect it as well : e.g. some system related apps which have services or the like started quite early . but those special cases usually rather result in a force-close-loop than in a boot-loop . things you can try : safe mode see whether you can boot your device into safe mode ( according to an xda post , this should be achieved by keeping vol- and power pressed simultaneously until the phone is booted up , and shows the string " safe mode " in the lower left corner ) . if that works , it is one of the apps you lately installed which causes this problem . go and remove the app ( via settings&rarr ; apps&rarr ; manage apps ) , reboot , and you should be fine . in case you get problems leaving safe mode : power down , take out the battery for 30s , insert it again , power up . recovery mode if safe mode is not reachable either , you can try booting to recovery mode ( should be vol+ + vol- + power ) . in the menu appearing there , select to " wipe cache " . reboot . if the problem still persists , and you have no custom recovery , all that is left to you to try is a factory reset . this will wipe all your data and the apps you have installed . you can do so from the very same recovery menu by chosing " wipe data " or " factory reset " ( it is labeled either the one or the other ) . in case you have a custom recovery , you can try first to only " wipe dalvik cache " .
there are 2 potential solutions . one , when you use perform task you can pick the priority of the task your asking it to run . if you set the priority the same or higher than the current task ( a good way to do this is to specify '%priority + 1' ) , the new task will completely execute before the current on resumes . if you set the priority of the task lower than the current task 's priority , the current task will finish before the new task starts . since i have had mix results with the use of priority could add a wait until after the preform task . example : 1. WAIT UNTIL MIN: 1 UNTIL: %Done IS SET  the variable , %done , is set at the last line of the task you called . you can set %done to anything but one it is set the 1st task will know it is okay to continue . if you have any further problems feel free to come back and ask more question . if my answer does solve your problem please remember to make it as answered and to upvote my answer . i only ask since i am new and i am trying to build up my reputation . thanks , hope it all works out .
according to this page , you need to reset the watch to factory settings if you want to pair it with another device , each time you wish to switch phones or tablets .
unfortunately there is no solution where you disable notifications from one group and not the other . however , if your question was " i want to get notifications only for individual messages and not group messages " ( which was my situation that drove me to this page ) , here is an answer that may be helpful for other people browsing this page : disable all whatsapp notifications from settings-> apps-> whatsapp . open whatsapp and enable popup notifications for message notifications ( not group notifications ) . now , messages from individuals will appear as popup messages on your phone , so you sure will not miss them . other than this , whatsapp will not bug you for anything else , including notifications of group messages .
in essence you are asking about how to accomplish something with a specific piece of software that is not a part of the native functions in that piece of software . it is like asking " how do i log into icq with skype " -- well , it is not going to happen unless you can modify skype to begin with . unless whatsapp is open source and you can hire a developer to write the function you need for you , or there is other software available for accessing the whatsapp network where this functionality exists or can be added , you are not going to solve this no matter how high of a bounty you set on it . the most pragmatic and realistic approach is to bug the whatsapp developers about this until they add the function you want to the software ( or stop forcing notifications ) .
the only thing you can do is to go into the whatsapp group you want to mute . then press Menu > Mute > 1 Week . that is the longest you can mute a group . unfortunately , it will still display a notification in the notification bar . but it will not vibrate or make a sound anymore .
in the group info page , go to " custom notification " , then change it to disable sound , and disable alert . maybe that will help ?
as of whatsapp version 2.11.238 for android you can also disable notifications when the group is muted . for this do as follows : open your group which you wanna mute . now go in ' options ' > ' mute ' . a dialog box will pop up and as of whatsapp version 2.11.238 select the max period available to mute your group which is '1 week ' . untick the ' show notifications ' checkbox . then click ' ok ' . now you will not receive any notifications from this group on your status bar .
in iphone , you can solve the problem . open group conversation . click on group icon , then custom notification change for custom notification on . change to sound silent and no vibration . in android , you can not solve the problem ; only by turn off all notifications .
netflix has a troubleshooting guide for android devices . see if any of them works . if not , share your findings .
some samsung galaxy s2 units that have outdated firmwares may have yellow tints on the lcd . this is not a sign for alarm ; just upgrade the firmware and everything will be fine . in case the yellow tint is still there after a firmware upgrade , consult with samsung service center to have it checked or replaced . ( yellow tint : samsung galaxy s2 - screen problems ) pink camera spots were an issue too , but seems to have been fixed by firmware upgrades . again , check with samsung if it cannot be fixed by firmware upgrade . i guess the only thing you need to check is if the basics works - camera , radio , 3g , wifi , sms , bluetooth , etc . ( camera spot : samsung galaxy s2 camera pink spot problem )
the other answers cover some device specific things to check for , or fixable software issues . i would take a different approach - check the hardware basics ( screen , audio , buttons ) and equally important - get on the phone with your carrier before buying to make sure the device can be activated - not blacklisted as lost/stolen , for instance .
do not forget to check for water damage . every phone that is sold by a reputable retailer ( t-mobile , cingular , verizon , sprint , etc . ) should contain a tiny indicator that clearly shows if water has attacked your phone . this little item is typically called the liquid damage indicator , or ldi for short . in almost every case , a red or pink indicator means that there is water damage . a white indicator means that there is no water damage . here is the detail .
you also might want to check with voodoo carrieriq detector if this device is clean . besides , i also bought a used one and when you manage to reset it you should be fine . type *2767*3855# for this if the password is no longer available . if your password for resetting is still available ( e . g . if the previous owner knows it ) there is no need for this combination obviously .
the usb port is not powered on the kindle fire , and thus cannot host usb devices . so , a wired external keyboard connected directly to your kindle is pretty much out of the question . what if you were to power the keyboard some other way ? well . . . that seemed to be the question this one gentleman asked himself . he decided that connecting a powered usb 2.0 hub to the kindle , and then connecting the devices to the hub would be the way to go . he found he needed a usb otg cable to start the process . he hooked up the hub , plugged in the mouse , and saw a mouse cursor . he connected a keyboard , and could type . so . . that is my advice . get yourself a powered usb hub . of course , unless you then got creative with supplying power to the hub via a battery pack , you are limited to using the keyboard to wherever you can plug the hub in . . . but that is still a step in the right direction .
what about a wireless mouse and keyboard ? they have built in power supplies . . . sneaks off to accomplish awesomeness
the android emulator can be run on your pc and is good for testing . you could use tools to sniff the data being sent on your network and see if it is encrypted , and check files written to the " device " storage . but you can not " control " the app per se .
google has documented details of the android backup service and of the data backup framework on its android developers website . the descriptions are targeted to developers writing applications but are still helpful : android 's backup service allows you to copy your persistent application data to remote " cloud " storage , in order to provide a restore point for the application data and settings . if a user performs a factory reset or converts to a new android-powered device , the system automatically restores your backup data when the application is re-installed . this way , your users do not need to reproduce their previous data or application settings . this process is completely transparent to the user and does not affect the functionality or user experience in your application . they also specifically address user privacy : google securely transmits backup data to and from google servers in order to provide backup and restore features . google treats this data as personal information in accordance with google 's privacy policy . in addition , users can disable data backup functionality through the android system 's privacy settings . when a user disables backup , android backup service deletes all saved backup data . a user can re-enable backup on the device , but android backup service will not restore any previously deleted data . tl/dr : if the notes app is configured to use the android backup service and has defined your notes as data to include in the backup , then yes , your data is being stored on a google server . toggling Backup my data will delete currently saved personal information from google 's servers that is associated with your google account . this will affect all of your current apps ' backed up data .
generally , it is entirely up to each individual app what data to back up , if any . google 's android backup service provides an interface for apps to tell it what data to back up . that might include files from the data directory , settings , files from the sd card , databases , or even media files that are already visible through the gallery or music apps . if the app is badly written , it may also include transient state or cached data . as a user , the only way you can tell is by asking the developer of an app . google encourages developers to add backup support to their apps , and many users request that feature .
from androidpolice : google will , of course , give you control over your cloud data . the language used here is particularly interesting : they call this data " app data stored with your google account , " which means it is the same " app data " we all know and love from the " clear app data " button . that means all your 3rd-party app data in the cloud , seamlessly synced across devices . however , it is not clear yet how much data is being sent , or if there is a max limit that can be stored on the cloud .
here i found a detailed description how to unroot your asus tf101 transfomer . the procedure is not trivial and you need to follow several step , but most of them can be done through adb so there are chances that you can do it .
my galaxy s vibrant has 16 gb internal sd storage , and Settings -&gt; SD card and phone storage reports 12.78 gb . i would assume the ~3 gb difference is due to the reported size being actually in gib , not gb , and partitioning ( the internal data partition is 1.84 gib as reported by titanium backup ) and formatting . the numbers work out , anyways . given that 8 - 5.01 is also ~3 , i would say that you have an 8 gb model on your hands . checking with titanium ( requires root ) or something else might be a good idea .
i am not 100% sure but i think it should work with vnc viewer ( paid app but worth its price ) . i will give it a try when i am at home and edit the answer .
instead of exposing your vnc server to the internet , consider using a vpn . this would secure and encrypt your remote connection . and as a side-benefit , you could save the internal ip address in your android vnc client .
android vnc viewer is free and works with host names , but i have not played around with it much , so i cannot vouch for quality . alternatively you could use a hostname to ip resolver ( either as an app or as a website ) to find out the ip address and use that to connect . i just tried out dns lookup from the android market , and it looks like a pretty decent solution ( fast , long-press to copy ip ) . if you have the time , send an email to the creator of the app you use for a feature request , i am sure he would appreciate the feedback : ) .
if your device is running at least android 4.0 , you can use androids native data management : data usage configuration on android 4.0+ ( source : droid-life . com , click image to enlarge ) here you can setup an overall data volume ( a requirement for the second step -- but one can set that rather high , like 4 gb ) : tick the set mobile data limit checkbox , and play with the bars . that done , select the apps to block ( tap their entries you can see in the second screenshot at the bottom ) , and set their limit to 0 ( scroll to the end of the app 's page , and activate the checkbox labeled " restrict background data" ) . a popup will inform you that the app might stop when there is no wifi available , as it will no longer be able to use background data on the mobile network -- plus that there might be additional controls inside the app itself . now these apps no longer can " silently eat your dataplan " , but only when you actively trigger actions . you find described screens in the system settings , mobile data ( the one with the pie-chart symbol -- see above screenshot ) . p.s. : if the above is not applyable for you ( android &lt ; 4.0 , or a wifi-only device with android 4.3+ ) , please also see my answer here .
install titanium backup - ( this requires root access ) from play store and you can backup thinks like sms/call logs/apps and app data . in your case , you might want to backup the app and the app data for that particular app , save your backups . once you restore the phone , you can use titanium to restore that app and data .
i am not sure if this is the answer you seek , but if you want a calendar app that does not sync unless you set it up to do so , check out colornote . i use the note stuff for jotting down stuff on the run . if you tap the upper-left corner it shows a menu from which you can select calendar . i do not use calendar extensively so can not comment much on it .
to answer my original question , i have found acalendar , which has very limited sandbox requirements . it just asks for your personal information , which it needs to write to the shared calendar store - impressive ! as i have said elsewhere , this leaves calendar items prone to accidental synchronisation with google , but for most people this is acceptable . happily , the ui of this calendar is excellent , with only a couple of niggles ( in particular , the small screen of the europa makes it very difficult , occasionally impossible , to touch on calendar items in the 7-day view ) . issues aside , i am likely to settle on this app , unless a better one comes along !
although my original question was to source a calendar that did not have wide security permissions , the purpose was to avoid having to sync with remote cloud services . i have found a windows product that will do this locally , and the site makes it look pretty polished . this approach ( afaik ) makes use of the built-in calendar , so one just has to trust that it does not sync elsewhere regardless of which sync provider you select . ( side note : i am nothing to do with this product/company . i have not tried it , as i am on os x ) .
you could try factory resetting you tablet . not sure if it might help . it is worth a try .
the problem was that the ext3/ext4 filesystem on /dev/lvpool/system , normally mounted at /system , had a corrupt superblock . the fix was to connect to the phone with adb and run e2fsck manually , like so : after doing this , the reboot option in clockwordmod recovery brought cyanogenmod back up with no issues . a large amount of googling provided no guidance in this direction , so i am posting this q and a in the hopes that it saves someone else the chore of digging through forums and/or reinstalling their recovery and/or rom in vain .
currently android does not have native support for multiple calendars , your phone is working just fine . the touchdown app is awful , avoid it like the plague . basically , the calendar , mail account and everything associated with your personal account are a single item . it may be possible to add the account that relates to the shared calendar as a second exchange account on your samsung and access the calendar that way . of course if it is a colleague 's inbox that is not practical . maybe talk to your it about setting up a dedicated team calendar that anyone has access to ? you can definitely add a second exchange account to your phone , you could do this to access the new team calendar . worth a try ?
maybe install a qr code reader from the app store . that is what i did when setting up authenticator .
the solution for your issue can be found on the app 's help page . as i already guessed , you need to install a barcode reader app . but not just " any " , ist has to be a specific one . and moreover , even my guess for zxing reader was absolutely correct – if you take a closer look at the screenshot taken from that place : screenshot from the google authenticator help page ( click image for original size ) btw : the name " zxing " stands for zebra crossing , but i doubt it can decode the zebra 's natural barcodes : ) as it reportedly works as well in this context , i recommend using qr droid if you want to use the qr reader for additional tasks as well . qr droid has a much nicer interface , offers additional features , and gives you much more flexibility .
go over to your messaging app , press the options button/menu button ( depends on the device ) . a short list will pop-up including options like search , drat messages , delete , etc . one of these options should say ' configuration messages ' or something similar . this is where the cp messages you receive are stored . i am not sure as to what purpose they serve ( they seem to vary from lists of mms to browser settings ) , but that is where all of them are .
oh it is pretty simple dude . open messages then tap options button and then select first option from top in the list which is " configuration messages " . in this way you will be able to see all configuration messages .
the launcher application on some phones does not provide the ability for a scrolling wallpaper , the only way to fix this would be to download a separate launcher . here is a list of most of them - https://play.google.com/store/search?q=launcherc=apps
http://androidforums.com/samsung-galaxy-s3/586033-galaxy-s3-cheated-some-us-leaving-out-scrolling-wallpapers-2.html#post4756930 citation : " scrolling wallpapers glitch when they have infinite scrolling . if you scroll past the end of the wall paper , it'll sharply shift to the other side of the image . i would imagine some find this to be unsightly . the developers at samsung probably see this as a problem and probably thought infinite scrolling was a more important feature than wallpaper scrolling . "
i will say yes , but , that answer does not necessarily hold true 100% of the time . it really depends on the bands that the device supports . on the device spec sheets you will usually see something like this : 800/1900/700 these are the bands that the device will operate on . i pulled these numbers from the droid bionic . from that spec sheet , it goes even further and shows that it supports ev-do rev . a ( cdma/3g ) , and lte ( 4g ) . so this phone does support verizon 's 3g and 4g networks , which means that if 4g is not avaialble , then it will fall back to the cdma data network ( which is what the device will uses for voice even when data uses lte . the same rules apply for gsm networks like at and t and t-mobile . the device spec sheet will say what bands the device can operate on , and if the carrier 's network operates within that band , then the phone will work . this is why iphone users can use unlocked at and t iphones on t-mobile 's network , but they only can get edge data . this is because the iphone does not support the band that t-mobile uses for its umts/hspa/hspa+ ( 3g/4g ) data networks . t-mobile bands : 850/1900 ( gsm/gprs/edge ) 1700/2100 ( umts/hspa ) at and t bands : 850/1900 ( gsm/gprs/edge ) 580/1900 ( umts/hspa ) ( 3g ) 700 ( lte ) ( 4g ) verizon bands : 800/1900 ( cmda/ev-do ) ( 3g ) 700 ( lte ) ( 4g ) sprint does not know if they want to use lte or wimax so i am not listing their bands .
yes , the current verizon 4g phones all have support for the 3g network . as matthew read points out , it would not make sense until 4g coverage is available everywhere that 3g is . if you have an active data connection , your phone will get a new ip address when it lands on the new network ( 4g-> 3g or 3g-> 4g ) ; apps must be able to handle this event ( any app that can handle a temporary loss of data on a 3g network should be fine here ) this document from motorola 's developer site includes the following description : " as the connected device moves from cell to cell , it tries to maintain its network connection . it will generally be successful if the network type doesn’t change between cells . however , if the device moves into or out of the 4g coverage area , the data connection will be dropped and your ip address will change . because this can happen while an app has an active data connection open , android sends an android .net. connectivitymanager . connectivity_action broadcast whenever there is a change in the network . if your app needs to be aware of network changes , register for this broadcast . "
try disabling the notification then restart your tablet and see if it reappears : go to Settings &gt; Application Manager &gt; All &gt; Google Services Framework and then uncheck " show notifications " . are you rooted ? if so , and if disabling the notification does not work , try freezing or uninstalling the update apk : use root explorer or es explorer and go to phone memory system/app/ and delete or rename updatecenter . apk . alternatively , you could freeze this application in titanium backup application . you could also try modifying your build . prop file to trick the tablet into thinking it is already updated ( root required ) . this was also mentioned in an answer to a previous question . to prevent the update notification , you will probably just have to change the build . prop values . so , change : ro . build . description=voles-user 2.2.2 frg83g 91102 release keys to ro . build . description=voles-user 2.2.3 frk76 185902 release keys and ro . build . fingerprint=verizon/voles/sholes/sholes:2.2.2/frg83g/91102:user/release-keys to ro . build . fingerprint=verizon/voles/sholes/sholes:2.2.3/frk76/185902:user/release-keys note that this quote is referring to old software versions and that the ro.build.description and ro.build.fingerprint lines will need to look different for you than those quoted . check out this answer for more information on making such a change . for me and my 2012 n7 i just lived with the notification until i could not stand it any more , then i just upgraded anyway .
[ edit ] : this answer has been composed before the questioner stated that the fw update might break the wifi . why not just update it and be done if you want the notification to go away ? it is incremental ( small download size ) it will not take long ( installation is quick and needs only a reboot ) and gives you the benefit of bug fixes and enhancements . google has probably an intention that it is consumer base runs the latest firmware release . hence the notification is not discardable and is there to remind you to update .
if you purchase the paid version of launcher pro you can crop widgets . just long press on a widget with launcher pro installed and running , and then let go . it should be highlighted in an off orange/yellow color . in the lower right corner is a little arrow type icon , click this and drag to crop the widget . not sure how to do this otherwise .
you might want to take a look at this website : tun . ko repository they got a long database of tun . ko for android phones . if you can see your phone model , kernel and build number on the list , just download their app which lets you load the module from their database to your phone . after that you can then use a vpn for your android .
cyanogenmod 6 is froyo , and ships with openvpn support for armv6 phones , such as my htc magic . if nothing else you can unpack the update . zip they supply , find the tun . ko driver , and push it to your phone via adb .
something that is helped me with similar wi-fi errors on my vibrant is the blade wi-fi fix . you might give it a shot and see if it works for you .
http://wiki.openmoko.org/wiki/ar6k wifi driver issue , factory reset or firmware upgrade could help you .
one thing i have tried on several models of galaxy 's is to do a factory reset in the " settings " menu . for some reason the wifi drivers get corrupt and a reset fixes this every time .
i have seen a number of people report that the wlan test dialer code will allow the driver to reload properly ( example ) . i believe it is *#*#526#*#* on many samsung phones , but this post indicates that it may also be *#*#528#*#* or *#*#232339#*#* . this may not work on all devices , since manufacturers tend to include/remove different dialer codes almost at a whim . if you are unfamiliar with dialer codes , simply open your dial pad and enter the sequence as though you were attempting to dial the number *#*#526#*#* . your phone should then jump to the wlan test facility .
as i see an alternative keyboard may solve your issue , and this seems to be an acceptable solution , and you even mention something you cannot find -- hereby i proudly present : hacker 's keyboard checking its guide , there is in fact a section suggesting such a feature : you can configure the gesture used for this in the keyboard 's " gesture and key actions " settings menu . if the swipe action is too hard to trigger , try binding the " close keyboard " action to the " volume down " hardware key . this will not interfere with normal use of the volume button while the keyboard is closed . though this applies to " close": if there are gestures you can configure , it might as well be able to have one for " open " . the faq may reveal some more clues . saintwacko notes in the comments : to be able to open it anywhere , you go into the settings for the keyboard and check the box for ' permanent notification ' . it will then keep an entry in the notifications which you can tap to bring up the keyboard at any point . so this would be an alternative possibility -- the hook being it is hooked to this special keyboard .
i used a combination of " hacker keyboard " and " smart status bar " . both free , no root required . i set " permanent notification " in the hacker keyboard settings . now , all i have to do in my full screen game is swipe from the top of the screen to bring down the notification menu , and then i select hacker keyboard . simple as that now .
i had that same problem and bought a bluetooth keyboard in order to get around it .
my math lab problem solved with the hackers keyboard ! download the hackers keyboard , then go into settings and enable ''use permanent notification'' . this puts the hackers keyboard logo at the top right of your screen next to the clock and settings button . click on the settings bar or clock at the bottom right and press ' 'show hackers keyboard'' . it will popup for you in flash and other times when it does not do it automatically .
that should be possible . there are plenty of backup apps available on google play which allow local backups , such as sms backup and restore or sms backup . for contacts , there is e.g. contacts backup , and for both together super backup : sms and contacts . they all store the backed-up data e.g. on your sdcard . though i found no explicit mention of sim messages , i would assume they are covered – but you might wish to check for yourself to make sure . update : as it turned out , above apps do not seem to cover sim storage . but i have just stumbled upon backup2csv , which explicitly lists to export contact directories ( sim card and phone ) ( it also lists export text messages ( sms ) , but does not explicitly mention the sim card in that context ) .
you can use the g cloud backup to backup you sms , contacts , call log , photos and more to a secure cloud servers .
identify the correct modem the galaxy s ii modems files usually contain a reference to the zone where they best apply . in your case , the first reference letter should be " j " , that appears just after the phone model . official firmware : july 2012 middle east united arab emirates xsg - i9100jplpf/i9100ojplpc/i9100xxlpx ics 4.0.3 israel cellcom cel - i9100tjikg3/i9100tcelkg3/i9100tjikg1 you can also find out your modem version by accessing the " about phone " menu option . the value of " baseband " is your modem version . modem file the file modem_i9100tjiki2.7z should be the most appropriated for your location . references samsung galaxy s2 firmware updates via kies official releases compiled list galaxy s 2 shipped modem collection
unfortunately , this is not possible with setting google voice to forward the caller number to your phone . when someone calls you using your google voice number and you set it up to go straight to your phone , the system spoofs the caller 's number and sends it to your phone ; the voip part of the call ends when voice connects your caller to you , it is your basic forwarding service . you cannot control any part of that with the settings from either the webapp or the andorid app . edit : there is a potential solution to this , depending on whether your emergency contacts have fixed numbers or not . you can set your default ringtone to " none " , but for those contacts who do have your number , assign an actual ringtone to them and keep your phone 's ringer on loud . of course , this would not include emergency calls from numbers that you would not know , like hospitals or police stations .
you could get a second google voice number that you also forward to your phone , and use that as your emergency number . so you would never give out your real cell , just your normal gv to everyone and your emergency gv to specific people . on the emergency gv number , change the settings in gv so that it does not display the caller number but instead shows just the emergency gv number as incoming . then , set a specific ringtone for that emergency number . you will not know exactly who is calling , but assuming you only hand out the emergency number to a few people , it will not matter . it is an emergency . note that to link your phone to two google voice accounts , you must specify the real cell number as a home number on both accounts . otherwise , adding the real cell on one gv account removes it from the other . the downside to specifying the real cell as a home number instead of a cell number is that you will not be able to forward text messages to a home number ( though you can still use the google voice app to send and receive messages ) .
according to samsung uk it will be getting ics , so i would say that it has to be compatible . quote from samsung uk 's twitter : Hi, good news - the Galaxy S II will be receiving ICS, but there are no dates confirmed as yet. We will keep you posted.
there is a specific document describing the official requirements of ics called the " android 4.0 compatibility definition " . you can compare this to the phone 's specs to see if it matches the official requirements and hope that samsung continues to support your device long enough to upgrade it to ics . if not , your only hope is for an unofficial port of ics , similar to teamhacksung 's ics port for the original galaxy s . these are not officially supported and will cause you to void your warranty .
yes , it is compatible . maybe this can help you : installing android ics 4.0.3 on samsung galaxy sii
no , you cannot see that . there is no such thing , all you can do is just track the activity of your app and see where it is most used . that is all .
technically they can inspect the http headers and look at the user-agent field to determine browser and os ; but imagine the millions and millions of http requests for web pages and applications in a given day . they can do trends , and data mining techniques to find out - but is it worth all that effort for them just to track down someone using a few more mb of bandwidth ? probably not .
is the app from the carrier itself ? if you root your phone and install a custom rom you are erasing the phone and anything that was pre-installed by the carrier . it should work fine after that , or if you have a international version of the phone . also , they can only see how much data you are using , and they just make it slower if they see you are using too much .
eldarerathis may be right ( from his comment ) . the tethering app itself might be monitoring your usage , with statistics being sent to the service provider . try using a different tethering app- if that might help . but again , i say , it might not make a difference whether the device is rooted or not .
have you tried reset your phone in recovery mode ? nexus 5 if your phone is on , turn it off . press and hold the volume down and volume up buttons , and then press and hold the power button simultaneously until the phone turns on .  you will see the word " start " with an arrow drawn around it . press the volume down button twice to highlight recovery mode . press the power button to start recovery mode . you will see an image of an android robot with a red exclamation mark . while holding the power button , press the volume up button . use the volume buttons to scroll to " wipe data / factory reset " and press the power button to select it . scroll down to " yes – erase all user data " and press the power button to select it . note: if at any point during the above steps your phone becomes unresponsive , you can restart it by holding down the power button for several seconds . https://support.google.com/nexus/answer/4596836?hl=en-gb
you will have to experiment with the apps to see if they play nice with your keyboard and spell-check behavior . i do not know if this is still the case , but previously , when i used go sms pro , i did not have desirable spell-correct behavior with my keyboard ( which was , ironically , go keyboard ) . my keyboard would display corrections if i went back to a word i already typed in applications such as gmail , facebook , etc . . . but this was not the case inside the go sms app .
although no one writes about this , the downsize of installing one of those apps is the fact of consuming more resources than the built in app . cons : more disk space used more ram used but the increase is so irrelevant that it does not even count as a downsize by most reviewers .
i can only comment on gosms which , while being a great app , has a few obvious issues . texting via gochat is , at best , unreliable . with both parties connected to hi-speed broadband , texts take their own sweet time to deliver . these texts should not expire but they do . given a certain amount of time , texts stay undelivered . if you have root access and are thinking of uninstalling the stock sms app ( which would be the logical thing to do ) , bear in mind that gosms notifications do not work hand in hand with the app 's ui . meaning , if you see a notification in the status bar and press on it , it will lead you to the main app interface but you may or may not see the actual message . this happens often when you receive more than one or two texts at the same time . strangely , even though you can not read the texts ( i assumed they were lost ) , you will have an irritating notification indicating that you have unread texts ( that you obviously can not read because they do not show up ) . having the stock app ensures that gosms shows all texts , unread or otherwise . also , when you have read the text in the stock app , the notification from gosms disappears . local backup only works when you are not connected , either via wi-fi or mobile data . with the latest version of the app , everything gets backed up to gocloud . this happens only if you have signed up with gochat . hope this helps .
if you know the app causing the loop , you can boot to " safe mode " and delete its cache . if it is still force-closing , do the same with its data , or even uninstall the app . for details , please refer to : what is safe mode ? how do i boot my samsung nexus s into safe mode ? how would you uninstall a rogue home ( launcher ) application ?
further to what izzy answered , if you cannot isolate the problem and want to factory reset , here 's what you can do : use google account to sync contact , settings and wifi passwords etc . use sms backup app to save sms to your sd card . save a list of apps using appbrain app . if you need full backup including app data , root your phone and install titanium backup . you will have to root it again after reset , but rooting for galaxy s2 is easy . here 's a guide .
issue solved boot in recovery mode > choose " wipe cache partition " and reboot . no need to factory reset and lose all data . long description i also suddenly had my samsung galaxy sii ( sgs2 gt-i9100 ) running android 2.3.4 with a rush of continuous force close pop up windows , a lot of apps that seemed to try to connect to internet would trigger a popup force close window , many apps crashed . i hardly managed to quickly close the popups and turn off the phone , removed the battery and turned it on again but the problem persisted and got worse so in the end i got this popup again and again : " the application logsprovider ( process com . sec . android . provider . logsprovider ) has stopped unexpectedly . please try again . force close . " and really had to try hard to close all those popups quickly to switch off the phone . i found the solution here which is : turn off the phone ( hold the power button if the power-off menu will not appear ) . boot in recovery mode ( holding volume up key + home key + power button at same time ) . choose the fourth option " wipe cache partition " ( using the volume keys to select option and then home button to excecute ) . allow to reboot normally and problem solved .
correct answer was pointed to in the comments by rossc . thanks ! i am writing my own here since it is been a while and he did not write a proper answer i could have selected ( ! ) . i did a bit more research to expand on what he found , while also clarifying the original issue which was partly picnic . . . rossc wrote : according to here it may only be in the us and depend on what version you have . reddit.com/r/android/comments/14r6m7/… apparently the ' clock ' icon will do it reddit.com/r/android/comments/1p7d0w but i do not have that on mine . . . so the second link above gives the answer : on the device one cannot access the music search history from anywhere but thru the widget 's " clock " icon . since i only had the widget placed in the lockscreen so i did not see the icon while i was actually actively using my phone ( unlocked ) to look for its history . i can only access the history from the lockscreen widget , that is unless of course i put the widget on one of my panels , which is unnecessary since google now can also do music search ( just say " what is the song " or similar ) . apparently the music search is also unavailable in some countries , so ymmv . also , i found out here you can also access your sound search history on your desktop/laptop by logging into your google account and going to this hidden ( ? ) " auto-playlist " link ( i could not find anywhere in play music site ui ) : https://play.google.com/music/listen#/ap/sound-search hope this clears a few mysteries regarding sound searches and its widget .
my widget has the clock icon at far right which when pressed shows the history . maybe your screen is not wide enough for it ? their is a music search sync option in your google account settings in " accounts and sync " , although i do not think that is the issue . will keep researching .
if you are talking about a nandroid backup : yes , it would . it creates images from the devices file systems -- so all that is stored there gets copied to those image files . you can then even extract single items using e.g. titanium backup .
this is a common issue on this particular device . my friend had the same thing happen and was going to give the tablet to me but after doing some research i found that its more than just a software issue . i would recommend counting your losses and buying a new tablet . = (
well , if you would have read the instructions for the installation of eclipse ics , you would have seen that you are not to install the rom on top of gingerbread . that being said , have no fear . batman is here to save you . check out the trusty internets and get you a copy of this file . droidrazrutility1.6 . zip you will need to run this utility to restore back to factory ginger bread ( option 1 i believe ) . there are guides for this online . i can not find the source right now . basically you put the phone into ap fastboot mode while matt 's utility flashes it back to factory . then if you so desire , you can take the ota ics update . only then can you install safestrap and eclipse ics . hope this helps .
try searching with a file manager on your sd-card . i do not use Line myself , so i can not do this for you . i think there will be a folder named Line or something a-like on your sd-card . most likely there is a . nomedia file in this folder , which is the reason why the pictures and videos are not shown in the gallery app .
device storage/pictures/naver_line
pictures and videos from line app are stored under following directory . sd card -> android -> data -> jp . naver . line . android -> storage -> gallerybig all the audio files are placed under directory sd card -> android -> data > jp . naver . line . android -> cache > mo > ( folder ) > [ audio files ]
i do not believe that there is any way to do this . this must have been hard coded into the google now app - as that is the only way they will act like this . the only way would be to contact google and ask them to change it in their app .
try clearing the data ( performing a factory reset ) from your recovery . some custom roms need this , for whatever reason .
simply copy the desired app from your favorite rom ( the apk is usually in /system/app ) to your destination phone and then install it normally .
if this is an ongoing issue , it is worth watching your logs to figure out what might be happening . i have got a g1 and every few months it chokes on something and i have to reboot it ( which i do by holding down the power button until the phone powers off , or , when that fails , taking the battery out , counting to ten and replacing it . )
i am guessing the dialer froze . try holding the home button , going into task manager , and killing the dialier process . as matt mentions in the comments , you can do the same thing from the home screen by pressing menu then going to settings > applications > manage application then choose the " phone " or " dialer " app and click " stop "
you should use odin or hiemdall ( preferred ) to flash a new rom , and or flash a new partition table . it sounds like the partition 's have been erased , and as such should be remade by flashing a new rom .
looking around looks like the best options would be : uloops reloop caustic nanoloop i havent tried any of these on my tablet yet however ( advent vega ) . let me know what you find
using google chromes app marketplace you could look at this aviary webcloudapp . it is pretty good but falls short of garageband . http://www.aviary.com/online/audio-editor?lang=ensrc=chromeos#
well , astro is not designed to do so . should you need to create / edit docs , you had better go for other apps , i.e. quick office pro , docs2go , etc .
after looking through the help file and through astro quite a bit , alas , i believe the answer is no . while it does allow for editing , the only option for creation is directory ( folder ) creation , as you pointed out . that being said , i think this would be an excellent feature , and might be worth suggesting to the developers . i know you said you did not want other apps , but to show one directly with the feature . . . this is x-plore file manager
you can copy an existing ( save a blank master somewhere easy to remember ) and edit that . a little cumbersome , but effective .
simply get yourself a terminal app ( a good choice would be android terminal emulator ) , start it , and enter the command free . the output then should look like this : this example is from my motorola milestone 2 , and you can see : it does not use any swap : " total " available swap space is "0" . if your device would use swap , at least the numbers for " totals " and one of " used " or " free " should be &gt ; 0 .
short answer : no . long answer : adb install is a " shortcut " that is equivalent to open a shell ( using adb shell ) and type pm install . pmstand for package-manager and his behaviour is the same as other package manager in other linux distributions ( like aptitude in debian or pacmanin arch linux ) except that pm does not fetch package from a distant location . the play store is an application like others , and we can not call android applications like we call a program like a c or " normal " java program , because the .apk file is not actually a binary , but a simply zipped package . it is the dalvik virtual machine ( sort of equivalent to the java vm ) that deals with running applications . the play store application simply download the application you want and then run pm install on the package downloaded .
i am pretty sure that it is not to disguise the app , but are icons intended for adding to tasks as a quick way to identify what they are for . example :
tasker allows you to customize the app icon because some users like to have a consistent theme across their home screen . google has also suggested that apps default to a black and white default icon , while some users prefer the older color icons . many apps allow this icon customization . tasker also allows icons to be chosen for various other purposes , like notifications . tasker has implemented an " icon chooser " to make this work . it simply reuses the icon chooser for the tasker app itself . there is no ulterior motive . this is similar to any desktop os . when you can set the icon for a shortcut , for example , you can use any icon on the system , not just the ones that shipped with the app .
it all very much depends on the " startup manager " used , and whether your device is rooted . as dotvezz answer assumes , there are some just de-activating the corresponding " listeners " ( apps can be notified on events , and thus get started when they appear – the most famous event being boot_completed ; but there are many more , like network changed , sdcard mounted , battery low . . . if you are interested in details , see e.g. what is the difference between a service and a broadcast receiver ? ) . however , doing that requires " root powers " . thus " startup managers " working without " root powers " basically do nothing other than task mangers : killing the app once it started on a given event . they also in most cases stick to the boot_completed event , and do not care about others . then there are those managers supporting both modi . best one most likely is autorun manager , my favorite i used for quite a while . now your question is specifically about startup manager . as you can see in its app description , and like i have written above , this app just cares for the boot_completed event : it does disable/enable startup items from system boot . its permissions do not include SUPERUSER ( aka root ) , so it cannot modify receivers/listeners . so it most likely just " kills " the apps when they start . prove on that you again can find in the app 's description : note : for android 2.2 and higher os non-rooted devices , some processes will restart themselves right after being disabled . they would not do so if they were really disabled . but many apps do so when being killed . autorun manager , which i have mentioned before , supports both modi : if used in " basic mode " ( which does not require root ) , it kills configured apps on start . in " advanced mode " ( requires root ) it " silences " their listeners , so they never receive the event broadcast and thus do not automatically start .
some research indicates that this is most likely done by revoking permissions to the apps you specify . specifically , the app needs android.permission.RECEIVE_BOOT_COMPLETED in order to run at startup . however , while this is the most likely situation , i can not speak for the exact functionality of startup manager . additionally , if you are concerned because the app 's description is not clear about how it works , you can alternatively use autostarts , an open-source android startup helper tool which controls which intents actually get sent to which apps .
google play is covered by the terms of google 's privacy policy , and in fact links you to it when you first launch the app or visit the link in the play website 's footer . the very brief summary is that they divide it into : " information you give us " - any info provided during registration device information - noted to be "...your hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information including phone number" log information location information unique application numbers local storage cookies and anonymous identifiers since google 's apps are proprietary i doubt you will get much more definite information than that unless you ask google directly . you can read the full text of google 's privacy policy to see how they use the information they collect ( among other things ) .
vbr is not the problem here . i have had no problems playing vbr mp3 files in any music app .
if you just want a fresh start with your phone , you do not need to reinstall the os at all , because os files and user apps and data are stored separately . in normal use , the os partition is read-only . all you need to do is a factory reset . this wipes all user data and apps , but does not usually touch the sd card . the process to follow is slightly different for different phones , but there is usually two ways : either reboot into recovery mode , which has a " factory reset " menu item , or from settings → backup and reset .
yes , you can root it without installing a custom rom . the rooting instructions on this site just tell you to install a custom recovery , which can install su for you .
yesterday i tried with the howto ( how do i root my nexus 7 ? ) and now i have a rooted nexus 7 ! well , i discovered , the " oem unlock " is not necessary , since the device was already unlocked . . . : ) thank you all for your help ! greetings luca , with a rooted nexus ! : )
i would go the factory images route . flash the factory images using fastboot . this will restore the proper file system structure and permissions , which appear to be the issue here . then you can install whichever rom you wish .
it seems that either your recovery is broken , or the ota update did not download correctly and the data is unable to be recovered . i would recommend starting anew , perhaps by installing a cyanogenmod rom so that way you are running the latest android ( 4.4.2 ) . head over to xda and find the instructions for the type of gnex you have ( gsm , sprint , verizon ) .
try adding adb 's folder ( platform-tools ) to your path . the adb executable used to be in the tools folder on versions of the sdk up to v8 iirc , but it was moved in v9 , so ddms . bat is probably looking for it in the wrong spot . see also this thread on stackoverflow ( accepted answer there courtesy one of our mods here ) to see if this is in fact the issue . edit : if you need it , here 's a decent guide for changing your path environment variable . it is written for xp but i do not think the process is much different ( if at all ) for vista/7 . the basic premise is at least the same . another edit : it looks like it is the same process according to this guide for win7 .
simple spreadsheet is freeware and lists import/export of csv as a feature . shead spreet lite also has similar features . in the non-freeware category , see csv viewer and androffice
documento - office viewer can open and view csv files . i believe it costs $1 , though it can open other files as well .
i use csv editor . its about $1.50 and works well .
i recommend the documento office app . very good app for opening a . csv file and the price is worth it .
the image transfer from s3 uses s beam , which is a proprietary technology used by samsung . it does not use nfc for the actual data transfer , but instead creates a wifi direct ( ad-hoc ) network between the devices and sends the image over wifi . nfc is just used for " pairing " the devices . since nexus 4 is a vanilla android , it does not have the necessary application for this , and i suspect this is why it opens the play store . instead , most nfc-capable android devices support android beam , which uses bluetooth instead of wifi direct to transmit the data . there is a suggested solution in another question that could work for you .
as you had said yourself , the maps size can be known only when you start to download . the app itself takes approx 20mb ( total size = app size + data ) and it includes no map ( actually app will say installing World map , but unless you download a country 's map you would not be see anything on screen that resembles a map ) . map for france : you might also be interested to download other stuffs other than map . for instance for uk , you can download postcode database which can be very useful for locating a destination without internet connection . also , it would be worth while to download speed cameras database so that you would get a warning when you approach one and warn if your current speed is high to cause you trouble .
at the moment . . . no man , but be sure , there would be a way !
as they are user-installed apps , thy should be user-uninstallable . not being shown in the list of installed apps complicates things a little , but should not make them impossible : as you developed the apps yourself , you will for sure know their package names ( i will use com.package.name in my example ) . one-time setup your computer must have adb installed . as you say you develop yourself , you most likely will have the android sdk installed already ( for other readers : either install the android sdk , or check is there a minimal installation of adb ? if you do not need the full sdk ) . turn on usb debugging on your device ( if you not already have done so , that is ) connect your device to your computer your computer must be ready to deal with your device . for windows , you will need suitable drivers ( see universal android usb driver ) . on linux ( and most likely mac as well ) you just need to configure udev ( see is there a minimal installation of adb ? again ) . deal with the app above steps only need to be performed once to be able to deal with your device . now for the remove-part : connect your device to your computer with usb debugging enabled from a shell/cmd window , run adb shell pm uninstall com.package.name done . you optionally can add the -k parameter to pm uninstall if you just want to uninstall the app , but keep its data . edit : as dan pointed out in below comment , instead of using adb shell pm uninstall , you also could simply use adb uninstall ( which can count as an " alias " , and thus also supports the -k parameter ) . one more remark is : if you have already got some terminal app on your android device , you could also take this instead of adb , and simply use pm uninstall locally .
install titanium backup . hit menu key on device . under storage option click clean dalvik . might not free up much , but maybe a little
even if an app does not show up in the app drawer , it must still be listed in settings → apps . you can uninstall it from that screen . if it is not listed there , it really is not installed . uninstalled apps get their internal storage deleted automatically , but files they created can still take up space on your sd card . of course , it is also possible that they added content to other apps ( such as contacts ) which would continue to take up space .
i have the same phone and got it to work on eduroam just now ( was actually googling for solutions when i managed to solve it myself ) . was your problem also that you could not find the right part of the settings ? weirdly you need to first just try to connect any old how ( so it is saved as a network you use ) and then long-press on it and choose " modify network " . this time you get a much longer list of options and can choose peap etc as in the university instructions -- at least , my university instructions work ( http://www.oucs.ox.ac.uk/network/wireless/services/eduroam/android/ ) and i believe the point of the network is that you only need to set it up once . however i am already on the 4.1.2 update . if you still can not get on you could check if the ota is available for you yet ( all settings -> about phone -> system updates ) .
i had the same problem with my razr i ( android 4.0.4 ) and was able to solve it by installing wifi connection manager . within the app , 802.1x peap is available for configuration .
as a nexus 7 owner , i can confirm for you that it does not have a led flash for its front-facing camera . in fact , off the top of my head , i can not think of a single device that does . documentation of a feature that is not present is going to be hard to come by . a good verification of this fact , however , is in ifixit is teardown pictures ( see steps 12 and 13 ) . camera and light sensor , no flash .
if you have a bootloop ( samsung logo looping ) , it is because you messed up the rooting procedure . i had this problem when i tried to root a relative 's ace . since you have tried factory reset and it does not work , enter recovery mode and do factory reset . ( recovery mode : press and hold volume down + power button for 15 seconds , navigate up/down by volume button and power button to select ) . reboot and see if it fixes the issue . if it does not , there are two options : flash cwm from recovery ( here 's the cwm zip file to flash from stock recovery ) , then reboot to cwm and install a custom rom . this is what i did , as i wanted to load cm7 anyway . if you want stock , download odin , get stock firmware from sammobile . com or xda forums ( look for developmet section under your device specific forum ) and flash it .
as you write you know unix scripting , you might want to take a look at apps like sh script runner , script manager , script kitty , and similar . they all allow you to run shell scripts on your android device . also , you could utilize tasker : create a task to run a script , and then create a shortcut to that task on your homescreen . so you have easy access to your scripts directly from there .
alright , well you said you are running windows , which supports microsoft 's " batch " scripting . this is not available on your android device because the android operating system runs in a linux environment . so you will need to learn " shell " scripting . first , you need to check to see if you can run shell scripts from your phone . use the adb ( android debug shell ) to open the console to your phone . the program , " sh " should be available to you . simple test ( list files ) : sh -c "ls"  have you ever used the android terminal application before ? take a look : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=jackpal.androidterm have you ever written shell scripts before ? take a look : http://tldp.org/ldp/abs/html/ once you have written your scripts , you need to run them using " sh " . some applications can run scripts for you or you can do it manually using adb . take a look : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=os.tools.scriptmanager i hope this is helpful , let me know if you need anymore help .
one thing i have not seen mentioned yet is sl4a , the scripting layer for android . this allows you run various types of scripts on your phone , python scripts being one of them . since sl4a is not directly in the play store , you may want something like qpython instead ( which incorporates sl4a ) . tasker , also mentioned by izzy , has the ability to launch sl4a scripts .
you can install qpython to code python apps and make what you want : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.hipipal.qpyplus or you can try to tweak with tasker : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.dinglisch.android.taskerm
that is easily possible using tasker ( i do the same for selected reading apps to increase the timeout to 2min , while also having the 30s default for all other apps ) : condition : app ( select the apps you want to keep the screen active for ) task : display timeout ( configure the timeout interval using the sliders ) alternatively , in " task " you could also let tasker switching the keyguard off to disable the lock screen . at least concerning the display timeout adjustment , this might be possible with other automation apps as well , such as llama -- i am not sure , as i use tasker i do not use the others . though tasker might look a bit pricy ( ~5 eur ) and complicated , after you figured out how to use it you will find it worth every cent . until then , there is a free trial available on their homepage .
what version of android ? as of jellybean 4.2.2 , you had need a newer version of adb , as there is a security implementation built into jb 4.2.2 , in that , any " unauthorised " computer with usb cable plugged in , will show the device as offline , rendering any file transfer/copying etc useless . with the new version of adb as downloaded from google or for your device , you will be prompted to request authorisation and to allow it , based on a cryptographic key generated by adb so that the computer is " trusted " , then the contents can be copied/transferred .
unfortunately , unless someone ( almost certainly the sensor manufacturer in conjunction with the camera manufacturer ) has provided methods to get raw data from the sensor level all the way up through the android stack , it is going to be somewhere between very difficult and impossible . even if you did get raw data , most processing suites probably are not going to know enough about the sensor data to do a good job of processing it into a decent image .
if you want a tablet that gets the newest updates on time , get the new nexus 8 that will be coming out soon . there is not really any reason to get another type of android tablet ( although some of samsung 's new stuff is compelling ) since nexus products generally have excellent specs and cost half the price . however , even if you want to go with another manufacturer , there is a pretty vibrant community of people on the internet who prepare updates for various android devices that you can flash onto your device yourself . i bought a $150 chinese tablet last year and was able to get the newest version of android on it even though the manufacturer never would have rolled out an official update . happy traveling in android tablet land !
your tablet will come advertised with the version of android it carries in the box . when they make it they do not know what versions will be released , obviously . the packaging and advertising will say ross tablet comes with kitkat 4.4 . that does not mean i will not update my hardware with a newer version of android , but it means there is no guarantee i ever will . there is nothing that says explicitely it can not be updated , unless the hardware is insufficient to run a particular build . jellybean was heavy on resources but kitkat is much lighter . it would depend on this also . either they did not update their advertising and/or they did not update the device . there is no hard fast rule . updates to android itself are creted by google , then released to the oem . the actual updates to the device are dealth with by the oem ( manufacturer ) and released by them if they decide they want to . this is after they skin it ( touchwiz , sense , motoblur etc ) , test it and make whatever changes they decide . this is why i have a htc on 4.1 and another on 4.4 here . each manufacturer has it is own unique hardware , as does each device model . there is no concept of a ' generic ' android rom across devices . the hardware and software for it ( e . g . the oem 's camera ) is closed source and rom developers have to use their own kernels and work arounds to get these installed on the various devices . you would need to check on a device by device basis . google should tell you the answer , but xda developers is also a great resource .
i think the best you can do at this point is to use the " featured tablet apps " page in the market ( this may be region-limited , it seems ) . the web version seems to have more apps listed than the tablet section on honeycomb 's market app . you could also log into the market website and filter searches based on whether or not the apps are compatible with your device ( the xoom , in this case ) , but the fact that they are compatible does not mean they are " optimized " for tablet so i suppose that is not quite the same . for games you could also install nvidia 's tegra zone app , but it is technically just designed for anything optimized for tegra chips ( so the atrix would be included but is not a tablet form factor ) . most of the games seem to be made with larger devices in mind , though .
i cannot find an option to do it easily but here are some solutions : you can export the contacts to your storage and import it to the right account . you can also share the contact by email for instance and send it to the right account . then just import it from your email . edit : if you have set up a default application for handling contacts intents ( for instance if another app such as outlook automatically imports the contacts ) , you will need to reset your intent associations . see how can i manage intent association with apps ? last option , you can use the contacts website ( on your computer ) which is in my opinion easier to use if you have multiple adjustments to make : https://www.google.com/contacts/
chainfire3d can do this , but requires root .
twilight works well , although it is just a screen filter , it is automated and very similar to f . lux if you move the color temp to the right more i love it although it does look terrible , it is all we have , and i am not going to root my phone just to have a true color temp change that is insane , plus it voids my warranty which i need to have and rooting is insanely difficult , do not tell me it is easy i have read the instructions for it -- it is not easy
well i know for a fact that there is cyanogenmod rom which has " filter options " one of them being only turn on red , i know its not automatic , but there is widgets for the home screen . i am pretty sure there is a way to do it by app but it would require root access .
would color filter service fit your needs ? there is a half-screen demo available in the market that you can try out as well . you can tweak the rgb values of the filter however you want , so if you want a red filter just crank up the red slider and do not adjust the g/b values .
you can try the screen filter app .
it does not provide red tint , but for late night , ultra-dim reading i use adjbrightness . it does require a rooted device .
neyetlight looks like it would do the trick .
methods i know of that do change the color of the screen require flashing a custom kernel . i do not know of one that purposely makes the color less accurate , however . one kernel for galaxy s phones is called voodoo color . if you are a developer , i suggest contacting them and asking how you could do it ; otherwise you had probably need to hire someone . edit : apparently this can be done through an app , i had no idea . still , this is an option .
i dont know if this will help but there is an app in the market named " screen adjuster " by netman that allows you to control the red tint on the phone
as explained in my comments on the question itself : a restore is more than just the .apk files . all parts of the system need to fit together , or you might run into trouble ( unstable system , things not working as expected , apps crashing , and the like ) . there are different approaches to backup and restore , and one should not mix them without the required experience . nandroid a nandroid backup ( as it is done by e.g. clockworkmod ) basically creates full images of all your device 's partitions , without any abstraction . this does not necessarily mean one could not pick single items out of a nandroid backup , but its not that trivial . if you restore a single partion only ( such as /data ) , it must fit the other parts of the system . the /data partition also holds the /data/dalvik-cache , for example , which consists of the byte-code for all installed apps , optimized for the rom which created it . if you e.g. would restore the /data partition from a backup of rom-x to a device with rom-y , those dex ( dalvik executables ) would not fit . also rom-y might use different directory structures for several things , which are not reflected here . you see , it would not be such a good idea . adb backups backups created with the adb backup command are a different case : they are " abstracted " . if you look into such an archive , you will not find the directory structure reflected . thus at least in theory , an app backup ( including the apps ' data ) created on rom-x should restore fine on rom-y , as the adb daemon on the device should take care of what belongs where . titanium backup somehow comparable with the afore-mentioned adb backup . tibu uses its own format , and furthermore offers a " migration mode " when restoring backups from a different rom . tibu can also extract apps/data from nandroid ( and adb ? ) backups , and hopefully fits them in fine even between different roms . other details as you correctly noted : no , titanium backup is not needed to restore a nandroid backup . the same script collection ( nandroid ) used for the backup process would take care for the restore as well , again from the same place ( clockworkmod recovery ) . but as described above : titanium backup is able to read from backup files created with nandroid . as a last line , i want to repeat what i wrote in the beginning : nandroid , adb backup , and titanium are using completely different concepts . though it is possible to mix them on a restore , this should only be done by experienced users understanding those concepts and knowing what they are doing .
the best you can really do currently is to buy them from the market ( web or app ) and then just cancel the download/installation when it starts on your device . this only works with apps your device supports , though . purchasing unsupported apps was the topic of this related question .
a quick search on the market found a number of these . here are a few that seem to fit your description . bus stop alarm bus snooze - gps alarm location reminder alarm gps alarm+ gps alarm
i have not used it personally , but many of my friends will tell you ( and so will a lot of people on this site ! ) that tasker is what you are looking for , and it is well worth the price . it not only can make certain alarms active per location , but it can do any number of tasks , depending on if you are in a certain spot , if you have wi-fi access , if your battery is low , and so on . here 's the full description : automate everything from settings to photos , sms to speech . adc2 prize winner . total automation , from settings to sms . adc2 finalist ! triggers : app , time , day , location , hard/soft state , event , shortcut , widget , timer actions : 175+ built-in , any locale-compatible setting plugin tasks : loops , variables , conditions
remember the milk can do this : although it is a todo list utility , and a very good one , you can also set tasks to be triggered by geolocation ( at the railway station ? remember to text the parking fee ) and these will set off the alarm of your choice .
check this milwus location alarm app . works nicely , it is exactly what you are looking for .
llama . a laymans version of tasker . it can do so much more but should suffice with minimal battery impact as it uses cell sites to identify rather than gps .
i would like to propose an app i just published ; it is are we there yet ? , it has a fancy new holo based ui , it allows you to save alarms for quick access and it is free .
if the wi-fi hotspot feature is broken in your custom rom , then it does not matter what apps you install . they all rely on the os to do their work . you need to build or find a rom which supports this feature in order to use it .
the attender from htc asked me to remove my exchange account and add it again , and the problem is solved .
your new device has a small amount of internal memory and a large amount of storage memory . this larger section is termed as /sdcard and the contents of a physical microsd card inserted into your device is assigned the label /sdcard_ext or similar . the android media scanner will intelligently scan thru your entire sd card ( both if you have a physical card inserted too ) at boot time . you can place your music files in the following folders . ymmv due to differing versions of android . /sdcard/Music/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as user music . /sdcard/Podcasts/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as a podcast . /sdcard/Ringtones/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as a ringtone . /sdcard/Alarms/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as an alarm sound . /sdcard/Notifications/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as a notification sound . /sdcard/Pictures/ - all photos ( excluding those taken with the camera ) . /sdcard/Movies/ - all movies ( excluding those taken with the camcorder ) . /sdcard/Download/ - miscellaneous downloads .
media scanner scans both sd card as well as usb storage , but not rom and system storage . means , it scans from /sdcard/ and /sdcard/external_sd/ mount points . it goes deep inside all non-hidden sub-directories , unless .nomedia file is detected . media scanner skips rom and system storage because both require root permission to write anything there . and , its very unlikely for an end-user to store music , photo there .
there are several apps available in a market which hepls you to recover your deleted messages . you should try this one how to recover deleted text messages from an android smartphone
go to viber app go to right bottom corner ; you should see 3 lines stacked on top of one another click on it click on settings click on calls and messages uncheck free reply with viber there you go , you will not receive double sms notification .
go to viber , in the bottom corner you should see 3 lines stacked on top of one another ( menu ) click on it , then click on settings , then on calls and messages , and you should find that option .
alternatively you can go to settings on your android phone , go to sound , then vibration intensity and you can turn notifications off , the only problem is you will lose it when you get text messages . but if you are using mainly whatsapp or viber it makes no odds .
rendering tamil characters is a challenge as there is no one glyph to one character mapping as in english . earlier versions of android ( before 4.1 ) does not have this support natively . which means unless the manufacturer or the author of the rom decides to additional support , tamil characters cannot be rendered properly . there were few hacks which helped those users who did not have such roms . but those hacks were not always successful . with many users lamenting on google 's support pages , i guess google decided to provide this feature from android 4.1 onwards . these are the ability of the vanilla android rom ( i.e. . the factory images for nexus 4/7/10 ) : supported : display tamil characters with proper conjunct rendering in browser display tamil characters with proper conjunct rendering out of browser in file names , sms , contacts ( which means you can have a contact and its details in tamil characters ) . display tamil characters with proper conjunct rendering in apps like notes editor , facebook , twitter , ebook reader etc . not supported : no keyboard to input tamil character - swype has tamil language support . you even swipe along the keys to type which is much better and much needed input method for tamil input . no interface language as tamil - which means the menu , home screen , settings etc will not be in tamil . i have a rooted lg p500 which runs android 2.3.3 . thanks to lg which had added support for proper rendering of tamil characters in contacts , file names , text ( sms ) messages and many other apps . with swype keyboard i am even able to type in tamil as well . however , when i tried to use a clone of cyanogenmod rom based on android 4.2.2 , i observed that tamil characters are not even displayed ( all characters were displayed as empty space ) . replacing fonts did not do the trick . i later understood that due to limited /system partition size of my phone , the rom developer has to chop off some components and i guess whatever did help to render the tamil characters has been axed . i also have a nexus 7 running vanilla android 4.2.2 and it works superb with tamil . again , swype also works and i am even able to mix and match english and tamil characters in all apps . so if you want to ensure tamil can be read without any user intervention , i would suggest you to buy phones that have android 4.2 installed . again chances are there they can be trimmed as my lg p500 experienced .
have you tried using a custom launcher first ? nova and apex ( among others ) give you a stock aosp feel with many extras including the ability to use custom icon packs . you can get a customized look and feel without the warranty concerns that come with rooting and custom roms .
you will have to create your own custom rom , e.g. customize the aosp build , which is the most standard android version you can imagine , no extra 's from htc or samsung etc .
yes , you can , but needed to use compartible rom ( if you do not want to break your phone ) . but before flashing it is recommended to read forums , were potential and actual problems with rom are described . example : xda developers forums , android development subforums for you device ( rom are hardware specific ) . every phone with unlocked or possible to unlock bootloader .
it is limited to specific locations , and only available with a data connection . see this question on the location limitations and this question on alternatives .
google 's official list of countries with google maps navigation ( beta ) available is here : http://www.google.com/support/mobile/bin/answer.py?answer=172221 currently 29 countries are listed there . if your country is not in the list , the simplest workaround i found is brut . all ownhere modified changepn google maps apps on xdadev .
if your device is rooted , and you have a custom recovery installed : wipe the dalvik cache . next boot will take a little longer ( as the dalvik cache has to be rebuilt ) , but the problem should be gone . if the above is not an option , you could try to backup the affecgted apps and their data using e.g. helium backup , then uninstall the apps , and restore them ( including their data ) from their backup . this way their dalvik cache would be rebuilt as well , you do not lose your data , and helium can do that in a batch-process to save you a bunch of clicks .
doing a factory reset of your device may solve the problem . make sure that you do not restore from a back-up and set up your device as fresh . this would be a permanent fix for your problem . otherwise , 3rd-party apps will crash every time you update them . uninstalling and reinstalling is only a temporary fix . **back up important files to dropbox , google drive , etc .
android 's debugging bridge adb supports backup/restore : adb backup -f wifisettings . bak presents you a message on screen which you need to confirm ( and maybe enter a passphrase ) to create the backup . adb restore wifisettings . bak restores it . just set up your phone to a very simple initial state ( nothing else besides the wifi settings , or so ) . then backup . adb also supports partial backups ( adb -f backup . bak com . app . name ) , but the wifi settings are not part of a particular app , at least i have not figured out which package to backup to catch the wifi settings . another way : is your phone rooted ? then " adb push stored_wpa_supplicant . conf /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant . conf " will restore your password file .
this is a suggestion , it may not meet all your critera and not all routers support it . set a second ssid on the router which is not broadcast have a simple password on this ssid with a minimal number of characters implement mac lockdown on this ssid enter the mac of your phone as the only approved connection your router will only accept connections from specific mac addresses on the new ssid , even if others guess your password .
in general i do not know how you can do that , but a very nice question . i would also like to know about it . i do not know if you were giving example or asking about that google login . if you are asking about it , its a security feature . whenever you change your sim card android asks you to login again .
go to your setting and from there click on the application manager once you are on application manager , swipe across the categories to find all . this will give you a list of all applications on your phone . your application manager has three categories - a ) downloaded b ) running and c ) all . once you select all , scroll down the list of applications to find download manager . on download manager , click on the button that says clear data . once the data is cleared , the download notification on the notification window will go away .
i would go to Settings -&gt; Accounts and sync and if you have an entry for picasa , shut off sync for it . if that does not work disable background data in the same place , then go to your media app or wherever you set up the sync and shut it off . if you can not then you should go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; All and clear the data for the relevant app ( s ) .
i have tried but they did not seem to make the icon disappear . after wandering through settings and application as suggested by matthew this is what i finally did and it seems to work : settings --> application --> manage app --> running --> myuploads --> force stop and eventually the icon of ongoing process was gone ! thank you for the important clue ! ! !
you can just reinstall your firmware using this tool . it is the official update tool for lg phones . after that you can just root your phone again . just remember , it is almost impossible to completely ruin your phone ; ) edit : you might want to make a backup , because during the update you lose everything on your internal sd ( everything on your external sd is safe )
it is probably the same thing although rom is supposed to be the area / location where stuff is only ever written once ( during manufacture / initial flashing ) .
right now skype for android is limited to vzw , but you are not missing much . you can not use it to make skype out calls over a data connection , only skype to skype calls . you can make skype out calls but vzw redirects the call over their voice network so it uses your minutes . also , you can not use it over wifi , only on 3g . i believe vzw is behind all these restrictios , and i believe that the carrier restrictions are not from skype either . most carriers will block the app unless its gutted like the skype app for vzw . if you want a full featured skype app , do not hold your breath . i suspect the carriers will continue to work dilligently to f#@k up the experience . if you are looking to make data calls , look into finding a good sip service and use sipdroid . you could also try frings new fring out service but i am not very optomistic about that one . update : it is now possible to make skype out calls over 3g with some hacks
as of skype 2.1 for android ( august 4 , 2011 ) , according to the skype blog . the following android devices are supported : acer a5 htc desire ( 2.2 ) htc desire hd htc evo 3d htc evo 4g htc flyer htc incredible s htc sensation htc thunderbolt - verizon ( 2.2 ) ( us only ) lg revolution - verizon ( 2.2 ) ( us only ) samsung droid charge - verizon ( 2.2 ) ( us only ) samsung galaxy s samsung galaxy s ii samsung galaxy tab sony ericsson xperia mini pro sony ericsson xperia play sony ericsson xperia ray
skype is avaiable now for everyone on the market , in case you are still looking !
not until skype opens up their app on other carriers . which rumors keep coming out that it will happen soon , but has not yet . xda has some threads on attempting to get skype working on non vzw phones , but no dice .
if you want to make skype calls over wifi you can use fring or nimbuzz , both should be available in the market . i think you can also do calls over 3g but ymmv and it will eat into your data plan like a fat kit in a chocolate warehouse . if you are on verizon wireless in the us or on three in the uk ( possibly elsewhere ) you can download an official skype app that only uses data for presence ( who is logged in etc ) , when you want to make a skype call it calls a toll free number which is then redirected to skype so it is not using your data allowance and not killing the network for others . i do not know about the us but in the uk this only works over 3g and will often fail to work if you have wireless enabled and are within range of a wifi network . using this app on three ( uk ) you can make skype out calls and even configure your phone to automatically use skype for international phone calls instead of just dialling the number normally .
there was an official skype lite app available on international android markets for quite a while ( it was definitely on the uk market at one time as i had it on my old phone ) , but they have pulled that totally now , and as far as i know it is literally only available to one carrier in one country , which seems like a bizarre decision .
another confirmation that the back tick is not on swype . but , you do not need to dig that deep to switch . . long press in the input area , choose " input method " and then you can select the samsung or android keyboards . another long press and two clicks and you are back to swype .
i have never used that symbol on my phone before , but looked in my version of swype , not the galaxy s version but still the latest update , and did not find the backtick . looks like you will have to send an email to the swype team and hope they listen , or get around using it . sorry man .
if you only need the backtick for when you are entering code on stackexchange sites , then there is actually no reason to type the character . any time you are in a question or answer box , there is a set of icons just above the box , pressing the 101 010 button puts a pair of matching backticks into the text box at the current cursor location , with some replacable text in between , now just type over that text with swype ( or paste over ) . works perfectly on my galaxy s with swype enabled . edit for more recent versions of swype , see miquelfire 's answer where the backtick is now available as an extended character on the .' key beside the space bar .
holding down the '. key will get you a menu of extra characters to type . i saw the ` there . 2012-10-09 update : i recently check with the beta version of swype , and noticed that the ` had moved to r4 key , but my original answer is still valid for the version of swype built into my phone . future versions of swype may move special keys around , and you may need to hunt them down .
i too have found the browser to be quite capable . examples of sites i have used recently : nytimes . com ( including annoying flash ads ) ; outlook web client ( requires zooming in before almost every " click " due to small controls ) ; admin interface for squarespace . com ( have not tried everything , but can reset user passwords , and other minor changes ) ; priceline.com; weather . gov and probably more . if you do not mind panning and zooming , it is quite tolerable , espcecially for something you can put in a shirt pocket . i have a moto droid with 2.2/froyo .
this is a very ' personal ' question . some websites can be a dealbreaker for you ( the banking website ) while most sites just work ( for me anyways ) . i would suggest to create a list of your most visited websites and check how they look from a mobile browser , and do test a couple of them .
i would say it is highly usable , i have for the most part stopped using a pc outside of work , my phone is now my primary browsing device . on the rare occasion a site does not render properly , or a particular video is not available on mobile ( this happens a lot on youtube ) you can email a link to the website to yourself to check when you are on computer in 3-4 clicks .
fyi , samsung is coming out with a galaxy s device that has a 7" screen . might want to check it out if all you want to do is browse internet . as far as browsing on the phone , i do not mind so much . i have an evo with the 4" screen and its not bad , but not as good as a netbook for high use internet browsing . my recommendation would be to get an android tablet or netbook for extended internet browsing . that is of course unless you are planning on consolidating devices . in that case i am sure you will enjoy the experience , but do not get a phone with a screen smaller than 4" . it sounds big and huge yes , and i thought that too , but seriously worth it for the extra viewing space . with android 2.2 , viewing flash sites is really easy now , you essentially select the flash to run as they appear on sites , flash does not automatically load . that is what i get with dolphin hd browser . pinch and zoom makes viewing sites fairly easy as well , use a browser that supports it . if you go this route you might have to find a setting that makes the website think you are browsing from a desktop system . otherwise there are some sites that will detect a mobile device and present you with that site . this might limit you ability to surf .
apart from the screen size , the thing that bothers me most is that it allows you only to open 4 tabs ( windows ) at most . for example , if i am browsing a news site , i first skim the main page and open the interesting headlines on new tabs , without losing the focus on the main page . i am so used to tabbed-browsing on firefox , it disturbs me not being able to do that on my phone . also , there should be an easy tapping gesture or shourtcut or something like that in order to navigate easily between tabs . but from rendering point of view , i think it definitely deserves five stars !
i think for mobile browsing in general , a lot of sites now have mobile versions which make surfing on your phone a lot easier . so , regardless of what device you are using , the mobile site is optimized for a small screen . now , in regards to the android browser ( or any other browser available in the android market ) , you can easily zoom in on areas of interest on the site , either by double tapping on the area you want to zoom , or by pinch zooming . and , i have never had any problem loading websites . so , issues with general browsing should be minimal .
i heavily use the android browser . offhand , i can not recall visiting any sites that froyo/2.2 has not been able to handle - even sites with mobile versions that i have switched to non-mobile . except video . there have been sites for which videos have been a problem . sometimes flash video , definitely the unsupported silverlight video . if anything , the device limitations of screen size or on-screen keyboards have been an issue - not the browser itself .
your router in the office is blocking ports - while accepting port 80 for http requests . contact your administrator . i know , at my office , our admin had to change some settings ( but i do not know what ports were necessary ) .
i believe that the official 1.2 update will only install on top of an official firmware ( 1.0 , 1.0.1 , 1.1.0 , ) and only with the stock recovery , not clockworkmod . you will need to revert your nook color to one of these " stock " firmware versions before trying to upgrade to 1.2 . alternatively , there are a few clockwork recovery- friendly versions of the 1.2 upgrade that will not require going back to stock first .
if you need easy access to it then menu -> settings -> cyanogenmod settings -> display -> interface -> notification power widget - > widget buttons -> toggle orientation will add a widget on the notification menu that lets you enable or disable rotation . just about the only time it seems useful is if you are lying on your side and you want the phone to stay in landscape , but it sure is convenient for that .
Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Display -&gt; Auto-rotate screen - this option should disable screen rotation throughout the system . Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; CyanogenMod settings -&gt; Display -&gt; Rotate 180 degrees - this option disables the " upside-down " rotation only .
for setting file permissions , you can use the chmod command . the permissions shown are basically split in 3 parts , each consisting of 3 chars : a triple for the owner , the group , and for " others " . usually , each triple holds definitions for reading , writing , and executing a file ; so rwx means " can read , write , and execute " , while r-- would say " can only read " . the resulting 9 chars are usually preceded by another one , giving information of the type of the " file": ( d ) irectory and ( l ) ink are the most common examples . again , if no " special condition " matches , a leading - indicates a " normal file " . based on that , let 's take your input : -rwsr-sr-x obviously describes a " normal file " ( starting with - ) , readable ( r ) by owner , group , and others , writable by owner only , and executable by " others " ­– while owner and group have a s instead the x for execute . this stands for " suid " , elevate the caller to the level of the file owner/group . taking advantage of the fact permissions can be set " bit-wise " ( x=1 , w=2 , r=4 , suid user=4 , group=2 ) , after my long " rant " finally the command which should do the trick : chmod 6774 su  should set the permissions your question shows . if i " mis-calculated " , you have got all information to re-calculate for yourself now : ) additional hints from the comments : instead of calculating the " bitmask " , one can also use symbolic names – as dan hulme pointed out , and as explained e.g. on the chmod manpage : defining whom to grant to : ( u ) ser / ( g ) roup / ( o ) thers / ( a ) ll defining what to grant : ( r ) ead / ( w ) rite / e ( x ) ecute / ( s ) uid defining whether to ( + ) grant or ( - ) revoke so the following two commands should be similar , provided there have not been other things granted before : chmod 6774 su chmod u+rws g+rs o+rx su  the difference becomes clear in case e.g. before " others " had also write permission : while the first command ( using a bitmask ) sets the permission explicitly to match the " grants " defined ( and thus would remove that write permission ) , the symbolic one " makes a diff " ( in the example , it just adds the permissions specified to whatever was there before , so that write permission would not be removed ) .
widgetlocker is a great lock-screen replacement that will allow you to put any widget installed on your phone on the lock-screen . you can also configure it to allow your notification bar to be usable . the actual calendar popup i am not sure about , but i know you had be able to see it when it shows up in your notification bar , and from there you can open it up and snooze/dismiss it .
you can make an automatic nandroid backup using rom manager ( free / paid ) . open the app - go to settings and select automatic backup . you can select the time and frequency of the backups in the following screens .
bookmark the page in the browser , then exit the browser . there is an app called ' icon changer free ' that can be used to change icons for apps and shortcuts . use it to create a new bookmark shortcut within that app , and change the icon to the one you want to use . it also offers a small selection of basic image editing tools , but it would be better if you had the icon prepared beforehand .
when i wanted to do this , i found the available apps sorely lacking , so i wrote a home screen widget which can do this . the image can be a static one , or you can refresh it from the internet periodically ( e . g . from an rss feed ) . you can set it to open a website when clicked , or launch an app of your choice ( amongst other things ) . the app is called showr , and it is a free download from google play . ( there is a " pro " version with more options . )
the source code for the adb exploit used in the superoneclickroot tool is available : http://stealth.openwall.net/xsports/rageagainstthecage.tgz . you would have to crosscompile rageagainstthecage . c ( after reviewing it of course . . . ) for arm5 and then do the whole adb thing , descibed for example here in thread no . 844966 at xda-dev ( my one link was already used up , sorry ) . i do not speak from experience however .
perhaps a simple answer but if the author does not provide the sourcecode of the app und you know that it does not originate of a trusted source , you can not be sure that it is clean . if it is a high risk for you you probably should not use it .
the voice recognition is performed on device ; information of the voice is persisted in google 's cloud
while i do not have any official source , from testing it is clear that it is cloud based . watch paired , handheld with internet connection -> works . watch paired , handheld without internet connection ( e . g . airplane mode ) -> does not work . watch not paired ( e . g . handheld turned off ) -> does not work .
it is almost certainly a software issue , i have read forum posts saying that the call gets dropped when apps/accounts try to sync over the data connection . as a temporary solution you can turn off account sync/background data . hopefully it will be fixed in 2.2 .
the apps are not the problem . sometimes there are huge log files or other files which take all the memory . the solution : install sd-maid app and use the system-clear function . you may have to root your phone first . this is the only thing worked for me .
i use diskusage for situations like this . it graphs the directory structure for you in a very pedagogical way to show you what directories ( and subdirectories ) that are taking up the most space . it literally solves situations like this in 15 seconds for me , because i will see a big square with the text " movies " or something on it , realizing i completely forgot i put an entire season of wonders of the universe on my device or something — or i will se a folder with a name of an app that has long since been deleted with a bunch of useless cache : ) try it out , i am not sure how well it works on non-rooted devices but i think it should work on those as well , i do not think it does anything else than list directories and add their content size up .
thank god i figured out how to fix it . the problem was that i was using software that was meant to root a first gen nexus 7 , and i had the second gen ( 2013 ) version . whoops . in order to fix it , i downloaded the unroot/stock toolkit from http://www.androidrootz.com/2013/08/nexus-7-one-click-toolkit-for-mac-2013.html and then downloaded the factory images for the nexus 7 2013 from google 's site , https://developers.google.com/android/nexus/images#razor i then used the unroot/stock toolkit to reload the bootloader and factory image . after this , my nexus worked fine . i was still able to root , but this time i made sure to use the correct software to do so .
the settings have moved to the " security " list , rather than the " personalisation " list , but i have been unable to see previews on my lockscreen since the update even with these settings . others that i know have experienced the same issue . htc just recommend a factory reset . . . -_-
i found a related github repo but do not know if its official or from some rom developer . from the source the file heads_of_state . txt is listed under ime but has been removed in the latest commit ( the only other commit ) . the commit message is " deleted uneeded lg 's calibration apk " . i can not conclude anything from this but maybe this will be helpful .
just found this strange python script that is included in the xt9 . note that it uses the ' heads_of_state . txt ' file as input for something . seems like a sorting script or something .
i searched the internet for it , and the file seems is for developers testing purpose , this file can be found in other platforms either . i found it in : python android php seems like foo bar case
i fixed it by flashing clockworkmod and the boot image manually . then , i used the volume down and power buttons to get into it . now , i am running android 4.0.4 ics again .
newly installed third-party keyboards need to be enabled in your settings before they become selectable . make sure you have it checked under Settings-&gt;Language &amp; Keyboard after installing .
this is probably because of the amount of ram on the device you are using . it sounds like the system gave the ram that was being used by chrome to the phone app . it saw that chrome was no longer the active app and the phone app was requesting more ram so in order to free up the ram it had to close chrome . if chrome was using a majority of the system ram , and a new app requested access to the ram , the system needed to free some up . since you did not specify what device you have though , this is really only a guess .
android has two mechanisms that claim memory back from the applications that you run . one mechanism is called oom and is an integral part of linux . it activates only when the memory is really needed for something else . a phone call would normally not trigger this mechanism . playing a game would , or copying large amounts of files from internal storage to sdcard . the other mechanism is native to android , and closes applications that have not recently been used . the exact defintion of " recently " is a moving target . it changes with every release of android , and also with the specific modifications that the manufacturer has made to it . only the application that is currently visible is always recent enough to not be killed under this mechanism , on every version of android . apparently on your system and phonecall is enough to trigger that . you can try two things to avoid this to happen . one is to switch back to chrome while you talk on the phone . use the multitasking functionality of your phone to do that . chrome will then be the most recent app and android should respect that even during long calls . note that your call wont be killed either under the same mechanism , because it handles audible interaction , which also makes it a currently used app even when not visible . the other thing to try is an app that i made . its originally designed to solve this very same problem for the opera mobile browser ( now called opera classic ) . its flexible enough to let you use it with chrome . however i dont know if it really helps , your mileage may vary . you can download it for free here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2269810 there is also another aspect to your problem , namely memory management inside chrome ( not android ) . i vaguely recall that chrome can evict tabs from memory when you look at other tabs . if that is true , the above tricks might only help you to keep chrome itself alive but the previously loaded content may still be gone . in this case , only a new improved version of chrome can solve your problem , or switching to other browsers . i know that opera classic does not evict single tabs from memory , neither does opera mini . they either stay 100% in memory , or they are killed 100% at once . if you dont like those two , you may want to test other browsers specifically for this property and then apply one of the mentioned tricks to keep them always in memory .
according to this wikipedia entry , this is enhanced version of hspa+ . now , reading from the telephony source in jellybean , depending if its gsm , between the two lines numbered 72 and 107 , there is nothing in there that indicates , the automatic detection of the usage of dc-hspa and is probably being treated as hspa+ for now in the interim , so its very highly likely that it will show up as a ' h ' or '3g ' . and then again , that is dependent on the compile-time specifications used when the rom was built , to elect to show '3g ' , ' h+' or even ' h ' on the status bar .
it looks like the cyanogenmod installation instructions for m7 are missing a section for flashing clockworkmod recovery onto the phone . right after you unlock the bootloader , you need to do the following : download and install android sdk tools from here ( expand the " download for other platforms " , and it should be under the " sdk tools only " section . ) download the latest version of clockworkmod recovery image from here . scroll down to " htc one " and select either the regular or touch recovery . save the .img file somewhere on your computer . download and install usb drivers for the phone . restart your phone in bootloader mode by turning it off , and then turning it on while holding the volume down button . connect the phone to your pc via usb cable . your pc should recognize it . open command prompt ( assuming windows here ) and navigate to the platform-tools subfolder of where you installed the sdk tools ( e . g . cd C:\android-sdk\platform-tools ) ensure the connection works by issuing the following command : fastboot devices this should show you the serial number of your phone . if this returned nothing or gave you an error , something went wrong during usb driver installation . flash the recovery by using the following syntax : fastboot flash recovery [path-to-recovery.img-file] . for example : fastboot flash recovery c:\recovery-clockwork-touch-6.0.4.6-m7.img this sends the recovery image to your phone and flashes it . wait for the success message . issue the following commands : fastboot erase cache followed by fastboot reboot-bootloader your phone should reboot back into bootloader mode , and you should now be able to enter recovery and continue with flashing cm .
use gmail group share , go to the settings and click to show the hidden group and system group .
i spent some time checking for a solution myself , and here are my conclusions . we will never be able to send to groups within gmail for android . i think it is a problem google will never solve maybe because they want us to use google plus to send to groups ( i.e. . circles ) . to send to gmail groups outside of gmail , i found that using go contacts is the best way . gmail group share ( free ) is also working , but it shows groups of only one google account at time .
are you sure your tags are correct , it sounds like they are not ? try looking at the files with something like mp3tag or mediamonkey they should show exactly which tags are in there and let you clear out any corrupted tags .
towards the top of your notification bar there should be a clear button . click this to clear your notifications ( this will clear all pending notifications , not just application installed/updated ones ) .
1 ) go to settings -> storage clear the cache ( select the item and hit ok to clear it ) , then : 2 ) go to settings -> date and time check the first 2 options -- if they are selected already , uncheck and re-select them ; see if the time fixes itself . if it works , reboot the device and see if the time sticks . if not : 3 ) power off the device , pull out the sim and re-insert it , then power on the device . repeat step 2 . if that does not work : 4 ) try a different sim ( preferably on a different carrier ) . 5 ) lastly , try to manually set the date to within a few minutes of the actual time , then see if it survives a reboot . if all of that fails , i would suggest booting into recovery ( while device is off , hold power + volume down until you the the ' laying down android ' screen ) and doing a factory reset ( back up your data first ) .
yes . this is almost certainly a hardware problem and the touchscreen may need to be replaced .
maybe your phone is not in mass-storage-mode . go to settings / XPeria / connectivity  and set usb connection mode to mass-storage . however , with this setting access is limited to the sd card ; you will not be able to mount the internal memory .
this question seems to come up every few weeks . . . ubuntu 10 ( and sometimes above ) requires manual editing of your udev config in order to recognize an android device . as root create the text file "/etc/udev/rules . d/51-android . rules” and add this line for a sony device : SUBSYSTEM=="usb", SYSFS{idVendor}=="054c", MODE="0666"  save the file and exit the editor , then set the permissions of the file and tell the udev system to reload the rules : $ sudo chmod a+rx /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules $ sudo udevadm control --reload-rules 
of course there are tons of it . many of them just supports what you are asking but i would recommend you llama or tasker . tasker is paid app but llama is free and uses your cell tower to determine your location to make location based tasks as well . for eg , not only it can do what you have asked but also only when you are at your home .
i must say , that is the weirdest thing relating to android hardware that i have heard . but anyway ! i would say that your next step would be to do a rom re-flash using odin . however , there are not any images available for the ace 3 . so , i am assuming wifi does not work at all ? being as soon as you turn it on , it turns your phone off ? because that sounds almost like your wifi modem has a some sort of " short " ( that is the best word i could think of - i am not necessarily saying an electrical short ) in it , and it is causing your phone to die . sounds like you may be due for a new phone , unfortunately .
is your screen broken in even the slightest bit ? it is very common for an lg phone screen to become unresponsive when broken . also , is the phone second hand ? if so it might have had the screen replaced which could have installed a defective screen into your unit . if either of these are true i would recommend replacing the screen . it is a relatively easy repair .
the solution that i have found is to use sthe swiftkey keyboard , but choose " compact " layout . it looks lik the right section in [ 1 ] than by pressing on the arrow shift it to the other side , and resize to maximum . works pretty well . [ 1 ] http://fs01.androidpit.info/userfiles/4471351/image/switfkey/thumb.png
i have got the same issue one week ago . today i flashed an aokp rom using cwm and finally everything runs well .
a quick solution : just copy them in dcim ( to use gallery as a source ) or store them in picasa . it'll allow you to get them from another handset if you want : ) edit ( thanks to matt ) : you can put the file in any folder of your fs , and android will find it and suggest it as a wallpaper .
please make sure contact syncing is enabled for the particular activesync account . you can check by going to settings > accounts . select your activesync account and ensure contacts are selected . you can also check accounts settings from the contact app by opening the menu . then try creating a new contact , it should prompt you to choose a destination ( phone , email etc ) .
androidevolved has guides for rooting your motorola flipside . the easiest solution is to use superoneclick . download superoneclick , and extract it . connect your device to the computer . ensure that sd card is not mounted . if it is mounted , unmount it . enable usb debugging from phone –> settings –> application development –> development . open superoneclick . exe . click on universal tab if you are going to root any android device like nexus one , galaxy s , droid etc . click on samsung captivate if that is your phone . click on root tab and wait for the process to finish . [ this will take some time ] once completd , you would get a popup box that would confirm that rooting has been successful . restart your phone . source
try this : android forums - moto flipside you will probably find answers to almost all your questions in here .
there are sms apps in the market that allow you to customize notifications by sender . handcent sms is the one that i have used .
from the jorte help pages : select menu \u2192 Settings \u2192 Data Syncronization if " select synsapplication " is not checked , tap on " select synsapplication " and have it checked . when the " calendar " item is checked , synchronizing will start immediately .
the obvious solution would be to use a device that has both ethernet and wi-fi as a router or a bridge . if it joins the same wi-fi network that the nexus 7 is on , then the nexus 7 will be able to make a connection through the router/bridge to your mystery device , while also talking to the internet through the same wi-fi network . alternatively , if the nexus 7 is on 3g , switch on its wi-fi hotspot and have the router/bridge connect to that . i do not know if any commercially available special-purpose wi-fi routers have the ability to act as a client rather than an ap , but this would be easy to rig up with a raspberry pi or similar small linux machine .
i am not aware of any native settings for this , but there is an app that was built to bridge the gap : lockscreen policy . when you first launch it , you will need to hit the " activate " button to give it device administration permission , then you simply toggle the camera to " off": one caveat to this app that the author notes on the google play page : does not work on touchwiz android 4.2 . x firmware ( such as galaxy s4 ) however , this does not apply in your case , since the n4 is not running touchwiz .
i would not advice this , you can see other questions on here about people asking if they can use different model numbers on their phone and everyone says no . a suggestion to you would be the following , go on the xda website here link and type in your phone and model number into their search bar . from there you should be able to click on their forum for android development , from there you can select a custom rom to flash to your phone as you said you are new it is required to firstly root your phone before flashing a new rom , as you have not provided your phone model i cannot give you a direct link on how to root your phone , if you can update this detail i could find you a link afterwards . also if you decide to root your phone flash a custom rom please note that it is your risk , doing so will void your warranty and if you end up with a bricked device ( not working ) i or anyone giving instructions in any links you use cannot be help responsible . with regards to the problem with only sending a sms if it is 80 char or less , i am not 100% sure as i have not experimented with various different custom roms but there may be a option that you can select to try and fix it , personally i would post another question on this website just for that issue all the best
i have had this problem before . sometimes the " unread " count goes up as well , but the emails never show in the inbox . the best thing to do to fix it is to go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications and clear the data for gmail and for gmail storage , then to try syncing your gmail account again . if this does not work i recommend clearing the data for all google apps -- gmail , talk , voice , google framework services , etc . -- then rebooting and trying to sync your account again .
my phone showed the same gmail synching error after failing to install a new , relatively large application . some applications worked , but others did not . the phone could not synch gmail and also reported a stubborn and mysterious low memory warning that rebooting and clearing application caches multiple times did not resolve . i ultimately returned the phone to its normal state by uninstalling the most recent application from its listing in Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage Applications . this uninstall likely removed extra files that were both taking up space and interfering with gmail . ( i assume this is just one problem a failed or crashed install can cause . ) once the uninstall finished , my phone dropped its low memory warning and started synching properly again . i was then able to reinstall the uninstalled program successfully , without further memory or gmail problems .
have you considered uploading the documents to google docs and using the android google docs app in the tablet ? we use this system to allow mobile devices to access shared documents and work pretty well . i you combine this with google cloud connect you can edit the documents directly from office when you are at the office or from google docs when you are away .
i have mobisystems officesuite 5 for my android ( phone , not tablet though ) . but i have never had any problems editing files , saving them and then opening them in office 2007 and 2010 . it does not have a save as pdf , but it does let you save in either . doc or . docx formats for word , xls and xlsx for excel , and . ppt and pptx for powerpoint
if there is nothing better , adobe has a free-to-use ( except your doc't goes to their site : slight privacy risk ) conversion web app ; see their main site . .
as i have just discovered , the latest cyanogenmod 10 nightlies have this feature . unfortunately it does not ever display an on-screen menu key . as a workaround , i mapped long-press of the menu key to its old function .
you could try using adb to change the device back to dalvik . however , you will need to have had usb debugging enabled . if you can not do the below , a factory reset may be your only option . android debug bridge ( adb ) a prgram made by google for programmers and developers . its based on command line and basically communicates with your android to respond to certain commands . setting up adb pre requirements:- pc java runtime environment or java development kit your device drivers an android device usb debugging must be turned on in the device for adb to see it . if you are having trouble completing pre-requisites , there are several guides featuring them . first download android sdk . there may be any compressed zip file or exe file if zip file , then extract it to c:\android-sdk if exe file then double click on it and install it in c:\ drive ( or any other drive you want ) now to get adb and other tools , you need to download ' platform tools ' to download them , go to the android-sdk folder and double click on sdk manager it will ask you which package to download ? however , it is your choice which package to download , but here , we will only talk about platform tools . so , simply tick on platform tools and click on install . once you have done it . go to the platform-tools folder in the directory where you installed android-sdk . you will find several files there like adb , fastboot , aapt , etc now , you can backup the whole folder of android-sdk to any external storage that will make you not download package again if you want to . you can have it placed in any computer and run it as it does not require registry to work now , you are just one step away from using adb . next step is skipping setting environment variable ( if you however want to set environment variables . click on show content ) you can easily append the sdk platform-tools and tools folder to your systems environmental path variable directly from command line ( cmd ) by simply issuing one command and performing a system reboot : SETX PATH "%PATH%;SDK_Install_Path\platform-tools;SDK_Install_Path\android-sdk-windows\tools" -m just replace the " sdk_install_path " in the above with the proper path of your sdk installation . example : c:\android-sdk-windows type cmd in the search bar . copy cmd . exe from there . go to the directory where you have installed android-sdk . go to platform-tools folder . paste cmd there , right click on it and in the settings , select run as administrator . to change back to dalvik : adb shell 'echo libdvm.so &gt;/data/property/persist.sys.dalvik.vm.lib' 
i use " es file explorer " as a file explorer on my device . this allows the creation of file shortcuts . once installed , just choose the homepage you want the shortcut , press and hold on the homescreen and you should be prompted to add a widget / app / shortcut . in shortcuts , choose " es file explorer " and it then lets you choose the file you want a shortcut for . perhaps if used in conjunction with a git app you can create the shortcut to a file within a repo saved on your device ? never tried it but do not see why it would not work
from the help of lame . exe : running lame.exe --longhelp has a ton more options if you need them as well .
you can not use the linux or windows versions of lame in android , just like you can not run the pc versions of ms word or openoffice in android . applications are written for particular oses and architectures , or for cross-platform frameworks like java . ( android does not have a true full jvm , though . ) a quick search returned lame4android , an android app you can use to encode wave files as mp3 . it does not look like it can do anything else ; if you need more functionality then you probably need to find or make a native port of lame or another encoder .
volume limiter i stumbled upon your question googling the same thing
after i installed the astro file manager and i went to " preview " - astro popped up , and saying , " give a filename " ok , then it saved the files ! ! ( the files must be ex . : zipped ! ! ) - and then i was able to extract the files in the zip .
you can not , at least not with any consistency , and it looks like you can not request the feature anywhere either . you will need to use a different email client , or wait for the google apps team to implement this out of the blue .
sounds like you have a crippled version of the app . i emailed myself an mp3 file and got " download " and " preview " buttons . pressing " download " downloaded the file ( as one would expect ) to /sdcard/download . ( this is an original droid with froyo . )
i found a number of apps just for this purpose : download all files save my attach gmail attachment download all of these apps function by becoming options when you click on the download or preview button . these are just a couple that i tested out . download all files was my favorite . i am sure there are other apps out there with similar functions .
i think a log reader would be able to help you . alogcat is a good , free one . here 's what i would try : install the app . run the alogcat app once to enable logging ( not sure if you really have to do this ) . repeat what you did before , to make the popup error message show up . run the alogcat app again , and check out the most recent logs . it'll probably be in red , and it should identify which app showed the message . hope that helps . update : your comment said that it did not help . i do not know any specific tools to monitor what app is downloading . i have used systempanel before to monitor the overall phone system . it will shows you upload/download network traffic for the whole phone , and it can also show you what apps are active . turn on monitoring in the app , go through the process again to get the error message , then check out which processes show as active during that period . you might be able to find the culprit that way . some screenshots of systempanel : system metrics showing recent network usage , and historical usage ( click images to enlarge ) with historical usage of an individual process , you might be able to correlate with the network traffic .
i have read in several websites that users with the samsung galaxy s3 are getting that exact same message when having mmses that fail to download ( probably old ones . . . ) . if possible , delete all and repeat the steps taken to get the message . if you do not get the message , the problem is solved and in the future we all know from where it is comming . my original comment on the question : further into that issue , other users of your device have reported the same message in relation to the mmses . do you have any mmses on your device ?
you may want to check textspansion that works for android https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.designatum_1393.textspansion i am not affiliated with the author although we make a text expansion software for windows .
but can i make text expansion play as nice on android-windows as on iphone-mac ? blueduino has a soft keyboard mode that allows to type text which is then expanded , it is seemless integration . it currently does not offer sync with text on your computer , i would consider this as one of the top next features though . it is in the google play store
i strongly recommend using appmonster ( or rather appmonster pro ) not only for this issue , but in general . it can create backups of all your installed apps , and the pro version even offers to do so automatically on each install/update . that way you cannot only transfer .apk files to another device ( as in your current case ) , but also have a fall-back available in case an update breaks stuff ( or removed features ) : as appmonster keeps multiple backups ( one per install/update ) , you can easily revert to any version previously installed . saved my day more than once .
if you are rooted you can go to /data/app in your file manager and can copy the files . if you are not rooted you can use any one of the following app apk extractor bluetooth app sender
try es file explorer under settings select app manager and select all apps . and select backup on the action bar below . a backup of all apps apk is created to your sd card probably under backups folder ( or check /set backup folder on your es file explorer , settings-> directory settings ) now you have got all apps apk . . you can either transfer them through bluetooth/wi-fi /usb connection you can select system apps too if your phone 's rooted
everything you have bought or installed from the play store is listed under your account . a lot of the time apps that have been withdrawn from the store are still visible to people who've used them before in this list : https://play.google.com/apps if you look down that list then you should be able to see the apps that you have installed before and push them to any of your devices .
short answer i would not recommend deleting the folder itself , but it should be pretty safe to delete its content ( i.e. . the files inside ) . i am just afraid you will not be able to do so – unless you have root access on your device . explanation core dumps ( on some android devices also called " tombstones " , which somehow explains their purpose ) are generated when an app crashes ( or force-closes ) . they usually contain a complete dump of the memory that app was using , plus some additional information – and are intended for debugging purposes ( to provide the developer with information about the state the app was in when it crashed – hence " tombstones " , describing the " dead of a process" ) . the system itself does not need them at all , so deleting them should be pretty safe . however , depending on implementation , the system might rely on the fact the folder is there – so removing the folder along might have " negative side-effects " ( should not , but who knows ) . as an empty folder is not using up any space , it should not hurt to keep it . on the other hand : as its only purpose is collecting those " crash reports " , and as they probably will not go anywhere either : who cares whether " writing those crash-logs crashes " ? ; )
there are several proxy apps available to accomplish something like that . though most of them require root access to the device , not all do ( i have not tested any of them , so i cannot tell in detail ) . however , a different approach might be checking into vpn apps , as that is pretty much what you targeting : a virtual private network , where your server acts as a " checkpoint " . many of those vpn apps do not require root access , but many also use a dedicated vpn provider . still , the linked lists should contain a working solution for you . disclosure : the linked lists are maintained by me , to provide you good " jump-points " .
you can do this by this approach . o there may or may not be some other better way . note : this answer is based on user experience from android 2.2 . other versions of android my have different settings for this . open your Network Access Points from Network Settings , then open it is configuration , you will see an option for proxy . if it is already set , you are already using proxy ( replace it with your own to change it ) . if it is not set , add your own proxy and save the new configuration . now you have proxy on 2g/3g networks . if you want the same with wifi then :- open WiFi Settings . then click menu button , select Advance , now you should see an option for proxy . now proceed as you did in above part . thats it ! : )
do you have the " quick toggles " in your notification area when you " drag down " the notification bar ( imho the s2 has this by default ) ? sgs2 notification area ( click image to enlarge ) if so , simply tap the " speaker symbol " there to switch modes between " ringtone " , " vibrate " , and " silent " ( the symbol then will switch as well to indicate the current mode ) .
go to System &gt; Sound &gt; Ring mode &gt; Vibrate .
you can not . the " international " version of the htc desire hd is not hardware compatible with t-mobile usa 's 3g frequency bands . the phone 's antennas support hspa on the 900 and 2100 mhz frequencies ( the north american gsm variants should work , though : source ) , and software settings will not have any effect on this . t-mobile 's 3g network uses : 850 mhz : acquired via a roaming agreement as part of the failed at and t merger 1700/2100 mhz aws : the device must support both of these frequencies to work because the 1700 band is used for uplink and the 2100 band is used for downlink . 1900 mhz as you can see , these do not line up ( excepting half of the aws band , which is not sufficient ) . you will need a new phone if you want 3g service . see can i use my device on a different carrier ? for suggestions on how to determine which phones will work .
in the contacts app , under Menu | Display options i can select which of my accounts contacts ' to display ( and , in the case of gmail contacts , which groups to display ) . assuming samsung has not monkeyed with that , you should be able to determine which account they are from by process of elimination .
there is no reason a class 10 card would not work . the card being faster should not break anything . i can find no evidence that the acer liquid metal detects and behaves badly with a fast card , or does not use the sd card specifications properly , or anything like that .
when you are in the gesture settings you need to click on the tab that says " dolphin sonar settings " in the bottom right hand corner . there you will have the option to " enable bottom left button . " this puts the new " dual purpose " gesture and sonar button in the bottom left hand corner . fwiw , i think the whole sonar thing is annoying and i do not understand why they reduced the customization options . i prefer my gesture button on the right !
the gestures icon is now multi purpose . when you click the icon and the dolphin sonar comes up , there are two buttons on the bottom . that will toggle between sonar and gestures , remembering which one you had setup last .
i have never seen such a file on ics . you could simply try to move the file to your pc and see if everything works . i think it is pretty safe to do so , because critical system files are usually not placed on the sd card .
i do not think it is normal> i had a similar issue on my samsung s2 . some people have reported that this was created by the generation of log files ( alog_* ) ; others from anr_history.txt . if you can root your device , you can safely delete these files . if you cannot root your device , then you need to factory restet the phone in order to wipe all the data .
the gps was fixed by downloading a " tweak " script , whatever that is , from here . i originally found it on this thread on xda-developers .
jes today i root my samsung galaxy s4 mini with kingo root it works .
as i wrote in my comment , there are some special characters needing extra care when working at the shell prompt ( or in shell scripts ) . one of them is the $ sign , which usually indicates a variable . if that should be taken literally , you need to escape it ( or enclose the entire string by single quotes ) . similar rules for quotation marks . how your command should look like with an escaped $ , you can already find in eldarerathis ' answer : shell@android:/ # am start -n com.android.settings/.Settings\$PowerUsageSummaryActivity  note the " back-slash " in front of the $ -- that is the escape sign . use the same for quotation marks or blanks , if your command includes some to be taken literally , e.g. myscript.sh first\ parameter\! myscript.sh "first parameter!"  both would do the same : making the string a single parameter . in the example of your am start command , this is what happened on parsing : command : am parameter 1: start parameter 2: -S parameter 3: com.android.settings/.Settings$PowerUsageSummaryActivity has a $ , interpreting : variable $PowerUsageSummaryActivity is not set , so empty conclusion : parameter 3 is com.android.settings/.Settings note also that if you run this directly via adb shell , the command goes through shell parsing twice , so you need to escape or quote the command again , like this : user@desktop:~$ adb shell am start -n 'com.android.settings/.Settings\$PowerUsageSummaryActivity' 
escape the $ in the sub-class name and it should work : another option is to instead send the intent that the power usage screen listens for : shell@android:/ # am start -a android.intent.action.POWER_USAGE_SUMMARY  you can find the intents by looking at the &lt;action&gt; tags in the androidmanifest . xml file for the settings " application " ( which can be viewed on github ) . as an example , here is the activity definition for the Settings$PowerUsageSummaryActivity:
hey tolomea . i could not find a widget that could do all that but i did find this app that can . world watch is an advanced world clock for an editable list of locations around the world . includes sunrise , sunset , dawn and dusk times for the current or a given calendar date . also includes weather conditions and a 4-day forecast . i have not used it since it is a paid app but looking at the description and the screenshots it looks like it can do everything you have asked for . i do not believe it is a widget but having a single icon on your home screen to launch it would be just as easy as having widgets . world watch
i am favoriting this question . i just installed diviclock widget this morning--http://www.appbrain.com/app/diviclock/divi.clock. it does not tick all of your boxes , but it has a 1x1 widget option ( which i wanted and saves a great deal of space ) plus the date ( also something i wanted ) , and you can have multiple instances for your different time zones .
this is bit long , round about and bit approximate way . other than this method , i do not know any other way . in google maps , press menu , goto settings-> about-> map centre . the value showed as map center is the coordinate of the place at the centre of the screen . so , you may have to align the starred place to centre of the screen and do this sequence to get it is coordinates . this will only be as accurate as you can position the starred place at the centre . the accuracy can be improved by zooming in . it will be nice if somebody comes up with a better idea .
if it is running standard firmware , you should go to Menu &gt; Settings &gt; Security &gt; Lock Screen &gt; Screen Lock &gt; None . for the galaxy tab , i would presume it would be something similar to that .
i had the same issue and just figured it out . go to Settings -&gt; Lock Screen, then un-check the box next to Lock instantly with Power key ( 5th from the top ) . disregard the other suggestions offered . this is all you have to do to turn it off .
both dialer and contacts apps can vary per phone model due to android os version , as well as manufacturer or carrier overlay . usually though , in the call log when you tap on the new number it gives you an " add to contacts " option . at that point it brings up a list of all contacts , so that you can add this number to an existing contact . however , there should also be a button to create a new contact , which is probably what you are overlooking .
your sms app is crashing because of an software bug , which is causing an uncaught NullPointerException resulting in a termination of the davlik vm and it is process .
in case you decide to root the phone ( you can only root it temporarily to install the certificates , it does not need to remain rooted ) , you can upload the certificates into a directory and the next reboot they will be validated : adb shell mount -o remount,rw /system adb push 1dbdda5d.0 /system/etc/security/cacerts/  where 1dbdda5d.0 is your certificate to be trusted .
there is no way i know of which will achieve this . i have been looking for a way of doing the same thing for a while now , as my work requires me to use a ca , but have found nothing after a lot of looking . if you were rooted then it might be possible , but without root i am afraid you are going to have to just deal with it . sorry !
there is a way . just install your certificate the usual way and set " patterns " as lock screen to do so . lock the screen . fail on the patterns 5 times , then click on " forgot pattern " in the lower right corner , login with your google account and voilà . . . the lock screen is reset to " none " and certificates are still there . just tested it on galaxy note n7000 with 4.1.2
i have written an article on creating and installing cacert certificates as android system certificates ( android > =4.2 ) , thus allowing you to use your device without lockscreen : http://wiki.pcprobleemloos.nl/android/cacert main part of my article : copy the files 5ed36f99.0 and e5662767.0 to /system/etc/security/cacerts/ ( and chmod 644 them ) , reboot and it should work . check settings -> security -> certificates , it should list both " cacert inc . " and " root ca " . note that some browsers might use their own certificate store instead of the android one . the android security model explicitly forces you to have a lockscreen whenever a non-system ( user ) certificate is installed . there is no configuration option around this . you can either replace your stock android version with one which has removed this requirement ( i do not think that any exist , but you could theoretically create your own ) . the other option is using ( temporary ) root access for installing this certificate , and then ' unrooting ' it , although that sounds a bit silly .
on the play store there are several utilities to clean phone and speed up processes . my favourite is this : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cleanmaster.mguard your excessive use of system ram is ( maybe ) due to some persistently active process on your phone . follow this guide to see yours ( and maybe evaulate a uninstallation of some ) : http://www.wikihow.com/see-what-apps-are-currently-running-on-android by the way , can you please tell us more information about your android version ? best regards , luca
you will need to modify the device definitions . to do this , find the " device definitions " tab in the android virtual device manager and double click on the device you are using . make sure the buttons are set to hardware . do not forget to update your device settings : source : stackoverflow
based on the comments , this looks like a hardware issue , and not a software/android issue . i would suggest sending it to a service center for repair .
just tested this on my phone and my gmail , and it seems to work . i am running 4.4 with the stock contacts app on my phone . on your phone , in the contacts app : menu button -> import/export contacts choose export to storage and it will create a . vcf file to /storage/emulated/0/ which is the root folder for storage transfer this file via email , or usb to a computer where you are logged into gmail in gmail , go to your contacts by clicking on the little down arrow by gmail on the top left slightly to the right is a more button with a down arrow , click on it choose import , and select the . vcf file : )
first turn on auto update in the main settings of the play store . then , you will have to manually open each app in the app store , and un-select auto-update . this will be a painful task , especially if you have more than a handful apps . tested on play store 4.5.10
yes , it is possible , but very time-consuming . open the google play store , go to menu -> settings . tap on the " auto-update apps " and select one of the two " auto-update apps " options to enable it . go back , then go to " my apps " section , locate the app you want ( e . g . anti-virus app that you mentioned ) and tap on it once . now tap the menu button and the first option should be the " auto-update . " ensure the checkmark is present for this app . for all other apps that you have installed , you will need to follow steps 3 and 4 , but this time disable the " auto-update " setting by unchecking it .
open settings in super su . go to cleanup section . switch superuser app .
this is the download firmware mode . it can be used to upgrade official firmware via samsung 's own odin software ( or the 3rd party heimdall ( also here ) ) . it is also used to install a custom aftermarket firmware like cyanogenmod . actually it allows more but installing firmware is the most common use .
i would normally say ( but this does not apply to you , alas ) : just try a reboot if changes go unnoticed because the dalvik machine instance or the underlying system might have cached a former dns request . you could try adaway to manually add entries to your hosts file ( just to cross check if it does the same as you did manually ) .
this sounds exactly like this , down to ping working but not the browser . his eventual solution is quoted below : stupid question , but are you editing the file on the handset or just pushing the file that you posted here ? the one you posted is in dos format , so it has extra linefeed characters at the end of the line that could confuse a linux system . i do not know what you used to modify it , but you might want to check what kind of linefeed/newline characters it is using .
i think you need to flush dns on your android check this question android : flush dns , especially " go into settings -> applications -> network location -> clear data . "
try adding www.x.com, seeing that the browser automatically adds www , as far as i know . ( my school 's site for some reason does not automatically add www when using a desktop web browser , while it does get added on my android phone . )
can you install strace and compare the output running strace on ping with strace on the browser to see why dns lookups are being handled differently ? are you sure there is not persistent caching going on ? what is the ttl on your domain records ? android does not appear to use /etc/resolv . conf , but maybe there are some properties that control which apps use /etc/hosts and which go directly to dns lookup . https://groups.google.com/forum/?fromgroups#!topic/android-platform/k2wr4waenei
if you are creating the hosts file on a windows machine , make sure each line is separated by an lf only ( not [ cr ] [ lf ] , only [ lf ] ) . you can verify that and create a proper hosts files using notepad++ .
not sure if this helps but i had a problem of an ignored hosts file and it was solved by a guy on this thread - the answer is to put a blank new line at the end of the file .
my suspicion would be that the browser is configured to work through a proxy . you might be able to tell using netstat -n or looking in the /proc/net/tcp ( or better yet , /proc/#browser_pid#/net/tcp ) what address it is actually connecting to . if that does not match your website 's address its likely you are going through an intermediary .
gsmarena . com , just to point one site of this type , list almost all mobile phones known , with their technical specs . for you example galaxy s , here it is the dedicated page
here is a chart with most devices specs to help find the resolution . source matt : ) in a response on what-size-should-images-be-for-android-wallpaper ?
i do not believe there is a way , which is strange . maybe because it can not be changed they do not think we need to know ? you can install an app called " screen resolution " which will display your phones resolution if you really want to see it on your phone .
screen and system provides screen resolution ( pixels ) , pixel density ( dpi ) , screen metrics , height , width , and diagonal in centimeters and inches .
in this specific case your friend is correct , but it can probably vary somewhat . we will take the galaxy nexus as an example since it is a reasonably accurate internal representation of the other samsung devices . the ifixit teardown helpfully identifies all of the major components of the device and their function . in step 5 they remove the wrapping from the battery to expose the nfc antenna underneath . later , in step 12 , they identify the nfc controller on the main motherboard . putting the controller itself on the battery is perhaps possible , but i would imagine it is not really realistically feasible . for one , it would probably increase the fabrication costs of the batteries an unacceptable amount ( the antenna , conversely , is likely not very pricey ) . it would also require the battery to have some non-standard and comparatively complex circuitry to transmit data from the controller to the motherboard , whereas the antenna is basically served by a simple conductive contact to pass the signal along . this is mostly conjecture , though - i am not an electrical/hardware engineer ( i do not even play one on tv ) .
yes , it is likely to be the problem . i suppose it is a hack of yours if these apps are on sd rather than internal memory . as the android sdk mentions 1 , applications that use service , accountmanager and widget shoudl not be installed on sd card . the facebook app has an accountmanager , a widget and a service .
i had the same issue on the same device and cyanogenmod . you just have to move those apps to phone and just move the apps which does not appear in the accounts settings . you need the reserve the space for these kind of account syncing apps .
on my device ( sony ericsson xperia x10 ) it is , for example : echo /sdcard/debian.ext2 &gt; /sys/devices/platform/msm_hsusb/gadget/lun0/file  after it the content of file becomes available on the host . can write to sdcard file without unmounting it from android .
got these instructions from http://gadgetian.com/27505/htc-droid-incredible-vzw-gingerbread-update-4-08-605-2-dwonload/?replytocom=18668#respond it worked for me . my update is installing as we speak . : ) " here is the fix for those of you still stuck in limbo between the gingerbread rollout and the patch , and have not gotten another ota announcement again . clear borked upload from cache 1 . boot into recovery •press and hold power , choose “restart” option •when screen turns off , press and hold volume down and power 2 . when the white hboot screen appears , use the volume button to move down to “recovery . ” 3 . press the power button to select “recovery . ” 4 . when the triangle and exclamation appears , hold the volume up and power button at the same time . 5 . using the volume button , scroll down to “wipe cache partition” and select it . 6 . select “reboot system now” you can now wait for the update to show up again or you can follow steps below to force an update check : manually change the date on your phone to one year ago . this will trigger an automatic check in with the update servers and you will get the appropriate update . menu > settings > date and time un-check automatic to prevent the date and time from automatically updating change the date to one year ago ( under set date ) uncheck background data from settings menu under accounts and sync ( don’t really know if it makes a difference , but i did it anyway ) go back to the main settings and select about phone > check for update and follow the prompts ( i had to do this about three or four times . ) it went much smoother over wi-fi caution…when clicking install and reboot , it will stay at the droid eye screen after reboot for a while ( ~5 mins ) , but eventually , it did get installed . read more : http://gadgetian.com/27505/htc-droid-incredible-vzw-gingerbread-update-4-08-605-2-dwonload/#ixzz1guzigs1h "
alright , finally got it after spending a while digging through android forums . this thread explains how to clear the /cache partition . after doing that , this thread explains several ways to get the update to trigger again . the one that worked for me was to temporarily set the date one year in the past .
yes . you can reinstall the os . there is a low level flash tool called heimdall ( or odin ) that can be used to reinstall the firmware or install aftermarket firmware onto the galaxy ace .
you can do that in kies , by updating to factory version from the update menu
many usb ports on computers do not have power sufficient to charge a phone battery . does the phone charge with the plug-in type supplied with it ? some computers will advertise a charging usb port . the default current ( amps ) is 1/2 a or 500ma in a standard usb connector . it is not uncommon for tablets to require 2 amps .
camera details for android devices htc evo 4g ( pc world article , ov8812 sensor specs , engadget review , androidpolice review ) sensor size : 4.6mm × 3.5mm ( ~16.2mm² ) megapixels : 8mpix pixel density : 49mpix/cm² max aperture : can not find anywhere 35mm efl : 38mm max iso : 1250 low-light quality : ? color rendition ( subjective ) : good optics : jpeg and over-sharpening artifacts on sample images make it hard to even tell : ( raw output : ? responsiveness : very good htc droid incredible ( maximum pc article , ov8812 sensor specs , androidandme article ) sensor size : 4.6mm × 3.5mm ( ~16.2mm² ) megapixels : 8mpix pixel density : 49mpix/cm² max aperture : ? 35mm efl : ? max iso : ? low-light quality : ? color rendition ( subjective ) : quite good , some oversaturation optics : ? raw output : ? responsiveness : ? htc nexus one ( androidandme article ) sensor size : ? megapixels : ? pixel density : ? max aperture : ? 35mm efl : ? max iso : ? low-light quality : ? color rendition ( subjective ) : good optics : good raw output : ? responsiveness : ? motorola droid 2 ( maximum pc article ) sensor size : ? megapixels : ? pixel density : ? max aperture : ? 35mm efl : ? max iso : ? low-light quality : ? color rendition ( subjective ) : poor optics : ? raw output : ? responsiveness : ? motorola droid x ( pc world article , ov8812 sensor specs , droid x hack blog post , maximum pc article ) sensor size : 4.6mm × 3.5mm ( ~16.2mm² ) megapixels : 8mpix pixel density : 49mpix/cm² max aperture : f/2.8 35mm efl : 38mm max iso : ? low-light quality : ? color rendition ( subjective ) : good , although still somewhat oversaturated optics : pretty good , relatively speaking raw output : ? responsiveness : poor samsung epic ( maximum pc article ) sensor size : ? megapixels : ? pixel density : ? max aperture : ? 35mm efl : ? max iso : ? low-light quality : ? color rendition ( subjective ) : good , especially in natural light optics : ? raw output : ? responsiveness : ? samsung galaxy s ( pc world article , official specs ) sensor size : ? megapixels : 5 mp pixel density : ? max aperture : f/2.6 35mm efl : ? max iso : ? low-light quality : ? color rendition ( subjective ) : ? optics : ? raw output : ? responsiveness : ? samsung nexus s ( official specs from google ) sensor size : 3.9 mm × 2.9 mm ( as calculated from 35 mm efl ) megapixels : 5mpix ( 2560×1920=4,915,200 ) pixel density : 44.2 mpix/cm² ( as calculated from 35mm efl ) max aperture : f/2.8 [ source ] focal length : 3.63 mm [ source ] 35mm efl : 32 mm ( as observed ) max iso : 400 [ source ] low-light quality : ? color rendition ( subjective ) : ? optics : ? raw output : no responsiveness : ? other camera phones for comparative purposes only apple iphone 4 ( pc world article , falk lumo blog post , maximum pc article ) sensor size : 4.5mm × 3.4mm ( ~15.5mm² ) megapixels : 5mpix ( 2592×1936=5,018,112 ) pixel density : 33mpix/cm² max aperture : f/2.8 35mm efl : 29mm max iso : 1000 low-light quality : eh . no miracles . color rendition ( subjective ) : mediocre — tends towards over-saturated , some hue shifts optics : okay , not great . good detail , medium sharpness , moderate distortion raw output : no responsiveness : decent-to-good nokia n8 ( nokia specs page , gsmarena blog post , dpreview forum post ) sensor size : 7.0mm × 5.2mm ( ~36.8mm² ) megapixels : 12mpix pixel density : 33mpix/cm² max aperture : f/2.8 35mm efl : 28mm max iso : 1200 low-light quality : ? color rendition ( subjective ) : ? optics : ? raw output : ? responsiveness : ?
do you have google voice itself set to pass through the phone number of the caller or do you have it set to show the google voice number ? if you currently have it set to show your google voice number instead of the callers number then change that setting . let me know if that is the case . if you already have that set then we can delve deeper . the setting in question is in the web version of google voice under settings - calls - caller id ( incoming ) .
i would first test by adding a 1 to a number and having them call you . android should be smart enough to treat them identically but google voice might not play nicely . i am not sure of the specifics of how gvoice works , but keep in mind that your contacts are calling google and google is calling you . somehow they pass on your contact 's number , but it is spoofed , and your phone is probably relying on the " real " number ( i.e. . google 's number ) for choosing the ringtone .
you should already have it pre-installed and enabled on your phone . try saying " ok , google " from the home screen . the steps here should give you an idea of how to enable it if it does not work .
i know this is late coming , but i designed a tool just for this purpose . i was having trouble with my droid , so i created this tool : realmb 's android certificate installer . i know it works with android 2.0 ( the os which runs on the droid ) , but i do not know for 1.5 or 1.6 . feel free to give it a try .
http://abtevrythng.blogspot.com/2010/06/adding-cer-certificates-on-your-android.html shows how to actually achieve this . worked fine for me . try it out .
for android 2.2 , the certificates ( without renaming or converting ) can be placed at the root of the sd card . to install : go to the settings/security menu , credential storage section . activate use secure credentials . click install from sd card . a menu will appear with the available certificates . click on each certificate to install . those certificates will then be available to the wifi system .
thanks to a pointer from pam , i waded through a number of potential solutions until i found one that seems to work : [ update ] although the steps appear to work , less than 24 hours later google now will automatically re-add your work address - even though you have not got it listed in google maps . from google now home screen tap your " menu " button to open the settings ( for my galaxy s3 its the far lower left button . ) tap " settings " and then turn google now to " off . " a confirmation box appears . check the button that says " also turn off location history . " click " turn off . " at the next screen , click " turn on " click " yes , i am in . " your " home " address should show as your current gps location . scroll down until you see a " magic wand " symbol in the lower right corner and tap it . click " places " ( it should show a #1 next to it . ) your home address should appear ( you can tap to edit this if not correct ) and " work " should be empty . you will have to re-enter any other personal settings but at least you can now edit your " work " location ( or just leave it blank )
try various steps mentioned in this discussion
according to mobyware there is a stylish-custom addon available for the mobile firefox . the page also mentions you need the stylish addon itself to make it work -- however , i could not find that . the compatibility list starts with android 2.0 and goes up through the version to 4.0 ( ics ) , a list of compatible devices is available as well . moreover , some discussions on userstyles . org seem to mention some availability for android , you might want to check them out . not sure if it works , i did not try myself as i do not use the mobile firefox -- but you might give it a try .
stylish 1.3b1 adds support for firefox mobile .
there is stylish add-on for the dolphin browser .
it looks like you have already come across one solution : turning off wi-fi power saving . that option puts the wi-fi chip into a low-power state sometimes . this reduces power use , but the trade-off is that next time you want to use wi-fi , you have to wait a fraction of a second for the chip to power on again . this page from the official android documentation explains about wi-fi power states . it is targeted at app developers , so they can optimize the usage pattern of their apps to save power . even so , it is easy to follow , and might be interesting for other users to understand how android tries to save power .
as near as i can tell , you need to run " ip route add " as root . i do not have root , so i can not try it . but something like this should work : ip route add 192.168.42.0/24 dev rndis0 scope global proto kernel ip route add 192.168.43.0/24 dev wlan0 scope global proto kernel  you can use ip route show to show the current routing rules .
i got it done via iptables . first , open the terminal , run su , and type ip route show . this will show which interfaces are currently being used . in my case , i had wlan0 for the wireless hotspot and rndis0 for the usb tether . second , run the following iptables commands , replacing wlan0 and rndis0 with your actual interfaces : # iptables -I FORWARD -i rndis0 -o wlan0 -j ACCEPT # iptables -I FORWARD -i wlan0 -o rndis0 -j ACCEPT this will cause the phone to forward the traffic between the two computers . to revert back to normal settings , i simply restart my phone .
in the twitter app . . . tap the overflow menu ( three vertical dots ) and choose " settings " tap the account ( your username , not general ) you want to change under " notification indicators " tap " ringtone " choose the ringtone you want to use for twitter notifications for this account
as long as the material of your clothes or bag contains no metallic element that could block the gps signal then your phone should be able to receive a gps signal fine while in your bag or pocket . i use the htc desire almost daily to record gps tracks , and generally keep it in my jacket pocket and have noticed no problems with the gps positioning . those problems i do have are related to travelling through built up areas or in buildings . you should remember that gps can be less accurate in dense urban areas as the receiver may be able to see some sky , but that patch of sky may not contain enough gps satellites for a direct fix . the signal may also be affected by weather , particularly humidity . have you tried any other applications , as it could perhaps be the app that is causing the poor performance you are seeing . for recording running i can particularly recommend runkeeper , i have been using it for six months now and it works really well , plus has some really good online features . for general gps recording the my tracks app is also pretty good . i would suggest trying a couple of different apps and comparing the results . if they are all showing gaps or jumps in the gps track then it may well be something to do with the way you are using your phone ( or the area you are in ) .
i had the same problem , deleting the cache of the player i am using , winamp for android , did not help as it apparently retrieves the list of media files from the os . i solved by deleting ( actually renaming ) the android media scanner external database : cd /data/data/com.android.providers.media/databases mv external.db external.db.off reboot after the reboot , the external . db file is automatically recreated and and the media files on my sdcard are magically working , the music artworks are showing up and the world is a better place to be .
what i have done in the past ( and appears to have worked here , too ) : go to Settings-&gt;Applications-&gt;Manage Applications clear the data/cache for the media storage app ( it is a system service/app ) unmount and remount your sd card via some means . re-launching a music app after doing this will force it to rebuild the database , which can take a little bit of time but will ultimately refresh the list to reflect the most recent contents of the sd card .
@elderathis actually figured this out in the comments . apparently , i needed to delete the data/cache for the " media storage " app , which i did not even know existed - but i suspect does all the backend work for media players . i then did a sdrescan to be safe , and now it works ! in addition , the fact that the problem existed in songbird and the music app was an indication that it was something deeper in android than just in each app . so if anyone finds a problem across multiple media players , try deleting the " media storage " app data and cache .
as chahk suggested in a comment on the accepted answer , there are apps available that will make android perform the rescan of your media that most of the answers suggest . i have just started using the app chahk suggested , sdrescan , and it makes refreshing your media library far simpler than any of the other answers - just start the application and wait a few seconds for it to rescan .
try pocketcloud on the android market . it is free for one pc connection .
search the market for remote desktop . i use " remote desktop enterprise " .
xtralogic has a rdp client for android . there is also omnidesk 's free app . and there is remote . if necessary there are implementations of teamviewer for android , and no doubt there is vnc apps .
if you have any experience with linux , you could connect your sd card to your pc using a card reader , and use the dd command to make a direct dump of the card 's contents . then you could use dd again to write the contents onto a new card of the same capacity . ( it sounds like your card may be on the verge of total failure , so you should do this as soon as possible , if you have important photos/music on it ! )
depending on the phone , you may not be able to move files from the sd card to the phone 's internal storage . what you can do , however , is buy a replacement sd card and move all the files from the old card to the new one . if your computer has a card reader ( many laptops do ) , you can use that to copy the files from the old card to your hard drive . or you can connect your phone to your computer with a usb cable and access the files that way . then remove the old card and insert the new one , and copy the files back .
if you have installed any apps on the sdcard , you can simply move them back to internal storage via the settings&rarr ; apps&rarr ; manage apps menu , walking your downloaded apps one by one and see whether it is installed on sdcard . this should be your first step . for the remaining files : if your device offers an " internal sdcard " , you could simply use a file manager like e.g. es file explorer file manager to move " normal files " from the external to the internal sdcard . both steps done , remove the sdcard ( either should down your device to do so , or simply use the settings&rarr ; storage menu to unmount the card first if you can access it without shutting down the device ) . optional step : once the card is removed , you could check again if you still can move apps to sdcard , as the device might use the internal sdcard for this .
root only solution : you can use an app called buttonremapper to remap any of your buttons to a number of functions . i used this to remap my camera button to be a play/pause button ( but when i was in the camera app it still took pictures ) . unfortunately you have to have a rooted device to use this .
i do not know of a player offering such functionality , but a workaround may be to use something like widgetlocker to put the music player widget controls ( almost all players have a widget nowadays ) on your lockscreen . then , switching off and on your device 's screen should present you with the widget . alternatively you could just press the home button to get to your home screen where the widget is placed and play/pause . update : i came across quickdesk which allows you to put widgets into a screen overlay . this might help in your situation .
the ( samsung modified ) default music player app on the galaxy s puts the player controls in the notification shade ( the pull-down part of the notification bar ) while the music player is playing in the background . this lets you play , pause , next track , previous track while you are in another app . does not the default android player do this ? screenshot of the player controls with the notification bar pulled down :
you could try ttpod to play the audio , if you enable lyrics they overlay any other app and if you touch on the lyrics it appears the play/pause and rev/fwd controls . if the file you are playing has no lyrics as will be the case , it shows only some text in chinese over any other app . i use it to control music as i use the gps on the car . in case your tablet has proximity sensor you could try " wave control " .
in case your tablet has proximity sensor you could try wave control .
the recording works by using the microphone . you are talking straight into the mic and thus are much louder than the sound that reaches the mic from the ear speaker . you will need to use an app that actually records the incoming call and not simply what it picks up from the mic . check out this question , i believe it includes a couple such apps in the answers .
you could also employ the services of google voice . it has an option to record phone calls , and you could also make them directly from your computer , which can be nifty .
i had the same problem as op flashing to 4.4.3 on a nexus 7 16gb ( 2012 ) . my total storage as reported by the storage module of the settings app was like 6gb and running df from busybox/adb was reporting the same . this is clearly a partition table problem and not hidden files or anything else . i think that the problem was caused by several failed/aborted flashes that i did . i was able to fix it by reflashing from adb . in other words , i downloaded the latest image , decompressed it , and ran the flash_all.sh script . ( of course after running adb reboot-bootloader ) . for the record , i did not have to change the commands to fastboot format X . it would be nice to understand this problem better but for the time being , going from ~6gb to > 13gb of usable space is quite a relief .
i had the same issue on my n7 . the answer for me was to lock the boot loader , then unlock it again . hope this helps and saves some time instead of flashing the entire os .
if you download an external file viewer , root explorer , oi file manager . ect . then go to dcim on the phone or external sd card and there most likely is a file that is unknown when you click it and usually has several hundreds of megabytes take up on it , you can just delete it , also , it shoulf say thumb data
for that , you had need a local dns server on your local network , which gets updated by the dhcp server assigning the ip to that machine ( many routers offer this feature ) . you can then tell your android device to use that dns as primary when connected to your wifi network , while leaving the secondary as-is ( so the latter would still resolve everything outside your network ) . this option is located in the wifi apn settings : long-press the entry for your home wifi , select to edit it , enable " advanced options " .
you could probably give camera touch-free a try . solution for touch phones that did not have hardware camera button such as samsung galaxy s ii . making shots on touch phone without touches . just use hardware buttons " volume up " or headset . use " volume down " hardware button for exit from application . others worth trying : sensor camera pro : ( new ) use the headset 's previous and forward media button as focus and shutter release . you could also search google play for : camera headset
first , make sure you have java runtime environment installed ( version 1.5 or higher ) and try running the server program from the . bat file instead of the . jar file . then check your software firewalls if they have blocked the application from acting as a server , and finally check your router for port redirection ( udp , 57110 ) if you have a nat setup between your wi-fi access point and the machine acting as a server . also it could be worthwhile to check that the ip of the pc has not changed since you checked it last , or if you can make it static .
i am pretty sure it is law now that if you want an unlock code from a mobile network carrier they are required to give it to you . but it definitely is not illegal . however , it may be even easier to just root the phone instead . this should ( depending on how you root it ) unlock your phone in the process . as for your o2 sim chip , i am not sure how foreign sim cards work in american phones , but it is definitely worth a shot .
you will need to purchase an unlock code . you will probably find a number of companies via google a i have used a couple , which i am not sure i am allowed to post here so i recommend you visit modaco , the site run by paul o'brien of custom rom and rooting fame . click the android part of the site and at the bottom of the site or via a web banner to the right , you will see one of their official sponsors that does htc codes for $20 .
is your phone cdma or gsm . if its cdma no one can help you . you need to continuce with t-mobile . if it is gsm read on . as your phone is under contract you need to use t-mobile with your phone . once the contract terms is over you can get it unlocked by contacting t-mobile support . if you want to get it unlocked before the contract ends you can do it by purchasing sim unlock codes . i found these people on facebook https://www.facebook.com/samsungsimunlock and got my wife 's htc phone unlocked . ps : in some countries it is illegal to unlock phone before the contract terms ends . please check you local laws before doing so .
actually , if you have been on t-mobile for some time , you could just contact them ( online chat works too ) and they will give the unlock code to you . their online chat system works pretty well . and it is definitely legal to use the phone in another country . it is yours . as for technical issues , i have not heard of sim card compatibility issues before ( except for size issues between micro sim and normal sim ) . my hunch is that the o2 guy meant something concerning differences between gsm and cdma . i know that t-mobile uses a gsm network , but i am not too sure about vodafone .
still no way without root . ( but i will post some quick links for root users . the old method ( need to edit settings . db with sqlite database browser ) : http://blog.pathany.com/2011/12/swype-on-kindle-fire.html new easier methods : [ guide ] get swype working without having to edit settings . db four simple steps to use alternative keyboards with kindle fire utility it is rather easy to obtain and revert root .
all that host-based card emulation ( hce ) does is it enables app authors to support more hardware : that is , devices that do not have the necessary secure element hardware . developers of apps that previously made contactless transactions using the secure element will now be able to make their apps work on devices that do not have that hardware . however , using hce is less secure than using a hardware secure element , so it is likely that payment card operators will choose not to support this . secure payment cards the obstacle that stops you reading your own cards into your phone ( cloning the cards ) is not related to the phone 's technology : it is because the card is designed to prevent this . the card contains a secret number that can not be accessed via an nfc transaction . to be more precise , there is no sanctioned way to do this : security researchers and criminals have found ways to use flaws in the design to clone various contactless payment cards . i would not recommend doing this , as doing so may constitute a criminal offence where you are , and will almost certainly make you liable for your bank 's losses should anything go wrong . in summary : the only difference that hce makes is that if your bank already offers an app to do this , but it does not work on your phone , it might ( if your bank chooses ) work after you upgrade to android 4.4 . door cards , etc . unlike the high-security payment cards , with processors and secret numbers , door entry cards and tags and the like often just have an id , which they present to the card reader . such cards are already very easy to clone . the main obstacle has been getting the the phone to present the desired id , and hce means there may well be an explosion of apps that are made for just this use case . ( see also can i clone my ( mifare classic ) access card with an android device ? . ) however , the long-term result of this is likely to be that door entry systems are changed to use challenge-response protocols and thus become harder to clone .
i do not use this lookout app , so i cannot tell you whether it has this hint somewhere . but i can give you some clues how to " rule out innocent apps " , so you do not have to " remove all applications " . with some luck , this filtering leaves only a few candidates . first indicator you gave : it happens whenever i connect to wi-fi/3g . so it has to be a ) an app with " some wifi permission " , which also listens to the " network changed " broadcast ( to put it in easy words ) . so first let 's check for apps with matching permissions : guardian droid and permission explorer ( source : google play ) two helpful apps for this are guardian droid and permission explorer , as shown in the screenshots . they help you identify apps by permissions ( and also apps with excessive permissions ) . taking the permission explorer screenshot as a base here , your suspect app should be in one ( or more ) of the following groups : internet , access_network_state . most likely in both : it needs to know when internet is accessible ( so it is interested in the network state ) , and most likely wants to access it ( internet ) . with this check , you will have ruled out some apps already . probably not enough , as many/most apps will have the internet permission even when not requiring it themselves – to load ads . so the next step is to check which of the filtered apps are listening to the " network state changed " broadcast ( an indicator that your suspect does this is that the alert is triggered immediately when wifi was connected , if i understood you correctly ) . s2 apk viewer and app detective ( source : google play ) for this we take a look at s2 apk viewer and app detective . both of them allow to browse the manifest of your .apks ( apps ) . watch out for &lt;receiver&gt;s , which declare what broadcasts an app is interested in . by these steps , you will not end up with the single candidate , but rather with several . but at least you do not have to check them all . as a broadcast listener can alternatively be declared dynamically by code ( instead of in the manifest ) , our friend might not be listed in the " reduced set " having applied all filters , but must be amongst those left over by the first ( permission ) scan . whilest not completely solving your issue , i hope this at least helped narrowing down candidates to an acceptable level . as it turns out in this case , it still leaves ~200 candidates to check . so let me suggest something i should have thought of from the beginning : investigating android 's logs . there are multiple ways to do this , like using dedicated apps ( catlog , gemini logcat , and logcat extreme are good examples ) , or doing it via adb logcat ( requires adb to be setup on your computer , see is there a minimal installation of adb ? ) . if something raises a security notification , it should show up in the logs at least as warning ( so you can restrict your investigation to this loglevel and higher ones ) . most of the logcat apps let you setup filters via their gui . for the command line tool , you can take a look at its help page . moreover , there is a nice article on " adb logcat " command arguments - output filters , which should be quite useful here . start the logcat viewer . if possible , clear " past entries " from the output , or set a mark ( if the app offers this ) . after that , connect to wifi . as soon as the warning pops up , stop log recording ( or set the " end mark" ) . now investigate the recorded lines . i am positive this leaves much less than ~200 candidates – and would not even be surprised you had end up with an exact hit .
i have a galaxy s4 , i went to the settings , clicked more , then clicked security , then the section that says security update service i only checked the via wi-fi only box , clicked the home screen , turned off my wifi , turned it back on , clicked that security message that was on the notification bar , an update option came up , i clicked the update , agreed to the terms and conditions and now it never shows up for me anymore ! ! i also unchecked the via wi-fi only box after it updated just for my preference but i do not think its needed
from the android 2.2 froyo users manual , specifically on pages 329 and 330 , is mentioned the following settings about auto correction features : to access : press " home " > press " menu " > touch settings . android keyboard settings screen the android keyboard settings apply to the onscreen keyboard that is included with your phone . the correction and capitalization features affect only the english version of the keyboard . auto-capitalization check to have the onscreen keyboard automatically capitalize the first letter of the first word after a period , the first word in a text field , and each word in name fields . quick fixes check to automatically correct some common misspellings as you type . show suggestions check to show suggested words in a strip above the onscreen keyboard as you type . see “using the onscreen keyboard” on page 29 . auto-complete check to automatically enter a suggested word , highlighted in orange in the strip above the keyboard , when you enter a space or punctuation . see “using the onscreen keyboard” on page 29 . device keyboard settings screen this settings screen is available only if your phone has a physical keyboard . auto-replace check to correct misspelled words as you type . auto-cap check to capitalize the first letter of the first word in sentences . auto-punctuate check to insert a period ( . ) when you press the space key twice in a row depending on what exactly you wish to disable , you need to analyse all the above options to match your criteria .
it should be located at /data/app/ . you can access that directly if you have root . if not , you will have to use adb pull . for example : adb pull /data/app/myapp . apk c:\backup\myapp . apk more info on adb : http://developer.android.com/guide/developing/tools/adb.html
if you know the installed file name of the apk ( which on some devices may be myapp-1 . apk or myapp-2 . apk rather than just myapp . apk ) you can directly access that as an ordinary user including the one adb runs as on a secured device , so you should be able to adb pull it . but if you do not know the installed apk name , you cannot browse the /data/app directory without being root or aid_system . it might be worth just guessing at the installed name - try it plain , try it with the -1 . apk , and the -2 . apk , etc . there may be another way : i believe the following will work on a secured device but do not have one in front of me at the moment to test it . edit : new idea for determining exact apk file name 1 ) adb pull /data/system/packages . xml 2 ) look through it for your application 's codepath entry 3 ) adb pull that edit : with regard to the old idea below , matthew discovered that while the per-process files under /proc have read permission on a secured device , they are empty when read by an unprivileged uid other than that of their owner . so this will not work . 1 ) get your app running . you will also need a machine with adb . 2 ) type adb shell ps  and look for the line with your app 's name : app_1 11959 907 112984 27580 ffffffff afd0c5bc S com.clevername.myapp  3 ) take the number in the second column which is the process id , and view it is virtual memory map , in this case i would type adb shell cat /proc/11959/maps  and look for a line where it has mapped its own apk file into memory 43e9c000-43ea3000 r--s 001f4000 b3:06 15393 /data/app/com.clevername.myapp-1.apk  4 ) that is the file name you would need to adb pull adb pull /data/app/com.clevername.myapp-1.apk .  examination of the directory permissions in /proc suggests this should work for an unprivileged user , my apologies if it does not . if you are familiar with the usage of ' grep ' you can use that to avoid manually scanning the output . addendum : i am not really sure what the story on apps installed to the sd card is .
this one is quite simple to use , it shows real time packets in a human-readable way as well as statistics . it takes it directly from iptables , hence you need a rooted device : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.googlecode.networklog
there is an app called 3g watchdog . it can monitor 3g data transfer and wi-fi traffic . a pretty neat application .
you can view , sniff , and save actual network packets , however this requires root access . shark for root does this : https://market.android.com/details?id=lv.n3o.shark
is not really an answer , but . . . there is wifi analyzer which shows more information on the wireless networks your device can reach . it gives you more detail than the average user would require . as far as i know , there is no application available on android ( yet ? ) that can " sniff packets " . would be an interesting application to have in the pocket .
here is an app that exactly does that https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.internet.speed.meter.lite
first you need root access to your phone . than you can try different package sniffer . some free are : wifinspect [ root ] packetshark
settings> security> device administrators and you disables all administrators
this turned out to be a red herring for me . i just had to enter my password one last time to get rid of the lock screen . i had not pushed on an unlocked door . so go to settings-> security-> lock screen enter password
there is indeed a way to remove the lock screen while keeping the certificate : set a pattern lock and try to unlock the phone with a " bad pattern " for 5-10 times , it will show you an error message , now select " forgot pattern ? " and enter your gmail/password . after these steps the screen lock will be removed without removing the certificate . "
go to settings and go to more , which is below data usage option . then go to vpn and delete all vpns ( jus clear it all ) . it is that which is blocking that screen lock setting .
just delete all vpn profile . . it should fix ur problem
i just had that same issue today . go to Settings , and make sure you have removed foxfi as an administrator . go to Trusted credentials &gt; User &gt; and remove Foxfi . then go back into Settings &gt; Security &gt; and Clear credentials . it'll let you change the lock code then ! : )
same thing happened to me . all you have to do is go to " security " then go all the way down to " credential storage " then clear all credentials . than you can go back and it is all done .
you should be able to turn off the lock screen security somewhere in settings> security> screen lock and then change it to none or just a simple slide to unlock or whatever you want . this is how you get to it on my s3 , but yours should be similar no matter what phone you have . to fix your other issue , also in the security tab on my phone , there should be a tab called " device administrators . " when you go into this tab , it allows you to check and uncheck which apps have access . if you uncheck the app that is preventing you from changing this , it might solve your problem .
there is a simple solution to this one . first of all change password lock to pattern lock . then enter wrong pattern 5 times . you will see forgot password . click that and enter account details . then a screen will appear saying to change the lock type . simply hit the back button and it will be automatically set to none .
resolved solution , please check the below thread : http://control-search.com/forum/showthread.php?tid=1
if your foreground app is being closed without warning , the suspect is no other than kernel . it generally happens when kernel runs out of memory . in such case , kernel reclaims memory by killing other apps , otherwise the device would be crashed . in such situation , kernel does not respect multitasking ( apps with background services , apps having icon in status bar etc ) and in some cases , even foreground apps ( when its very critical ) . when kernel fails to do it due to cpu unavailability etc , the device really get crashed . this is how it works . in your case , one or more reasons are responsible : you have a load of lots of background running apps which draw lot of memory even during game play . the game requires more resources than your device hardware provides . its less likely because game runs most of times , but its possible that game does a lot of memory caching which outruns currently available memory . there is memory leakage bug in atleast one of your installed apps . when it comes to fully filled big storage , system requires somewhat more resources to locate a file in it , but it does not cause this type of problem . you can reduce memory card size or files in it to lower down performance impact , but its not recommended . its better to hunt down and remove always-running apps which are not extremely useful . even if its useful , you should find its alternative which does not always run in background . in the last , you can always install catlog to see what happened after game crash . if you find it as alien language , google it or ask here .
in such cases i would highly suggest to try to replicate the problem while usb debugging is enabled . install the android sdk which will give you the necessary tools to " logcat " what is happening . the messages might give you a clue what is causing the sudden shutdown of your application . after having installed the sdk you can simply start the logging through terminal/cmd by adb logcat a picture for illustration ( click to enlarge ) : as suggested it might be a problem with low ram . sony ericsson xperia s phones sometimes feel sluggish especially if you use a lot of " widgets " such as the timeline and media player widget on your homescreen as they are quite ressource intensive . this might be indirectly linked to the shutdown of your games if there are many background services running there just will not be enough free ram for the game .
download advance task killer from android market . then , open it , go to Settings and select auto task kill .
i can tell from my own experience . my father 's renault scenic got a integrated bluetooth module built in . i could successfully pair an iphone and control the music through the car 's radio controls . i think the radio 's display even showed the track title . with my new xperia mini pro i can also successfully pair with the radio but it is not possible to control the the music tracks through the radio 's controls . also the track names do not display . i need manually select the music track on the phone .
if the car unit support the a2dp and avrcp bluetooth profiles , it should be able to control your android music player app ; both my droid ( froyo 2.2.2 ) and my bionic ( gingerbread 2.3 ) honor the play/pause and forward/back controls on my sony mw600 headset . the android 2.3 compatibility definition states : 7.4.3 . bluetooth device implementations should include a bluetooth transceiver . device implementations that do include a bluetooth transceiver must enable the rfcomm-based bluetooth api as described in the sdk documentation [ resources , 32 ] . device implementations should implement relevant bluetooth profiles , such as a2dp , avrcp , obex , etc . as appropriate for the device . a2dp provides for streaming stereo content , avrcp provides for remote control support . wikipedia entry for bluetooth
kenwood just released head units compatible with android . the kdc-252 is the cheap model
the car audios which advertises compatibility with ipod/iphone ( ipod direct control ) are not compatible with android . if the head units are compatible with android , they will advertise it in features . i am writing this from personal experience . while connecting my galaxy s2 to my pioneer x3590ui the system displays unsupported or no audio ( in media device mode ) . if you switch the usb connection to mass storage mode , the system can detect the phone as a usb storage and can start playing media files on phone 's mass storage or sd card . i am mentioning about the music compatibility through usb . but if you have a unit with bluetooth , you can control music or even make calls on your phone with the head unit .
unfortunately , there currently are not any decks that allow you to control the music ( skip songs/albums/etc ) from the deck . you will need to do that on your phone . however you can stream the music from your phone to the deck so it plays through the car speakers over bluetooth ( with compatible devices ) or by using a direct audio cord . here 's an article that talks a little more about it : http://www.droidforums.net/forum/droid-general-discussions/57050-android-ready-car-deck.html @matthew it depends on what kind of music files you have , typically bluetooth streaming is not extremely lossy , but if you are using flac or wav files there may be some loss ( nothing noticeable ) mp3s would stream at full quality though , no matter how you do it , bt should suit you just fine @matthewread what kind of deck does your dad have ? if you can find a deck that can control the android music player i would love to see it becausei looked high and low for one before i installed my system last winter
i suspect the android phone will just mount as a mass-storage device and play audio on the unit itself . the reason a lot of headunits state that they can control ipods , is because it is not as straight forward as treating an ipod as a mass-storage device because the files are encrypted and the device may not even be formatted as a fat formatted device . therefore , the easiest ( only ? ) method for the headunit manufacturers to access the music on an ipod is to implement the control protocol via the ipod connector .
to remove any system default applications your phone must be rooted . and using this system app remover you can remove the system added applications . but you have to do this on your own risk . i have been doing a lot of research on android mobiles , i can tell that your system might not work properly if you remove any system added applications . but most of the applications work fine without any issue . updated system app remover is a paid application . there is one free application called root app delete . have a look at this . .
quickoffice is a pre-installed app that handles previews of popular file formats created with desktop office applications ( e . g . word , excel , etc . ) you will not be able to uninstall it because it is installed as a system app . you will only be able to uninstall it if you root your nexus one , thus gaining write privileges to the /system partition . you can then use a number of root-only apps to remove quickoffice and other pre-installed apps that you do not use .
vlc for android beta is reported to support opus format . ( src )
i have found gonemad music player and neutron music player support playback of opus . update : if gapless playback is an important feature to you try xmms2 or rockbox . both are still in the development stages as far as android is concerned but they are both worthy of a mention . xmms2 is a music player server , so you will also need to download a controller to use it . rockbox is not available via the play store and it can be a bit tricky to setup so you will have to do your own homework on this one .
freeamp supports opus decoding as well from build 119 using the bass for android library .
edit : there is now a project that got monitor mode working on the galaxy s2 and the google nexus one . see http://bcmon.blogspot.de/ as far as i know there is currently no wep/wpa cracking app . the fact android is open and linux based would allow this basically , however most ( all ? ) wifi chipset drivers do not allow the necessary monitor mode and solutions would be tied to single makes/models with supported chipsets . using known working usb wifi adapters with otg ready devices would allow to circumvent this restriction but there has not been a project to do so yet . update : there is some effort by the author of kismet . this is not covering your question but is somewhat related : you might however have luck using these 2 tools ( root required ) : element53 and proxydroid background : many paid access points allow dns resolution . element53 is a tcp-over-dns tunnel app ( dns has port 53 , hence the name ) to exploit this . the free version has 10mb traffic limit , here 's the explanation from the google play : element53 , the dns tunnel for android . element53 is a ready-to-use dns-tunnel for android . it can be used for penetration testing ( other uses are not supported ) .
unfortunately , that is not how it works :/ though we would all love the official ics versions rolled out to the nexus s and galaxy nexus devices , they are designed specifically for the hardware of those phones ; thus is the nature of android . so , if you want something similar , the only way you will be able to get it is a 3rd party rom . the only official os versions for each phone are the ones rolled out by each provider , in your case , samsung .
i doubt this is a software issue but moreso a hardware issue . consider the following , newer phones typically have : bigger screens more antennas ( wifi n , 4g , nfc , etc . ) more sensors ( this includes cameras ) either more or more advanced of what is mentioned above . this comes at a cost , as each draws its own amperage . while it may be minuscule in an isolated system , when combined together these features present a non-negligible drain on the battery . and , while newer batteries will perform great , over time the battery will not hold the same charge as it once did , this is not a limitation of the phone but battery technology in general . i am specifically talking about lithium ion batteries right now , b/c that is the most common battery in phones today . while there are things you can do to mitigate the problem , such as staying in airplane mode throughout the day or buying power management apps for your phone , downgrading your os likely will not help much . if anything , it will provide old power management code , as well as no support for newer hardware . custom roms are a different story , and are not created equal . some may have modified code to provide better battery life , some may be performance focused and not taken battery life into account . some phones also have extended batteries available for them . i can not speak firsthand to their effectiveness , but i obtained one for my dell laptop and it made a huge difference . some people are reluctant to this approach because it changes the weight and/or profile of the phone , however one must weigh that against having it tethered to a charger all day as well .
as far as i know the reason for battery drain in your phone is because you are installing cyanogen roms and not stock roms or stock based roms . even the hardware or the chipsets of your phone is old . the android undergone many major changes from 2.1 to current 4.4.2 . the hardware or chipsets in newer phone were designed to consume less power than the older phones . in the os part newer android os were designed to consume less power . a stock ics installed phone consume less battery than the stock gb installed on the same phone . but however the battery drainage depends on the individual who use the phone . the custom roms based on the stock rom has more optimization than the cyanogen mod based . the cyanogen roms were mainly made to taste the newer android version in your phone as soon as the newer android version is released . these roms will have some bugs . on the other hand the custom roms based on the stock roms have greater optimization with less crapwares and few mods for better performance . no , the above points explain this that the newer android os has better battery performance . tl ; dr : in terms of battery performance : kitkat> jellybean> ics> gingerbread> froyo
your firewall is preventing your phone to access or connect to the internet . check your firewall settings . or may be this happen due to some problem in your router .
is anyone else facing this issue or only you ? it probably is a firewall that is preventing you from connecting to the internet .
i have a quick step-by-step guide to help you " join " your contacts - in other words , take two separate contacts and make them one ! open the people application . navigate to one of your duplicate contacts ( any one will do ) and tap it to open it up . in the top-right corner , tap the 3 dots . this is the settings menu . select " edit " . again , in the top-right corner , tap the 3 dots . select " join " . android will now ask you to select which contact to join this contact with . select one of the other duplicates of this contact and android will join the contacts into one contact ! rinse and repeat until all of the duplicate contacts have been " joined " into one single contact .
you can try the following : 1 . try calibrating your battery ( few says it is necessary to calibrate your phone after rom installation ) charge phone to 100% boot in to recovery wipe battery stats reboot and drain the battery completely ( by playing or media or normal usage ) after complete drain recharge the phone again to 100% 2 . try freezing or renaming or removing nfc.apk and tag.apk ( instead of removing the apk just try renaming them like nfc.apk.bak )
contacts on sim-card are very limited -- so they e.g. can only store one phone number . your phones / google contacts , however , use a much enriched format , where you can store additional information like multiple phone numbers and even pictures . naturally , both formats are not 100 compatible . when exporting your contacts to sim , information must be cut down to fit that format . that was when you lost your additional information . so no way to get that back -- it was gone the moment you overwrote your data doing that import . the only chance left is using " forensics methods " -- in the hope the " deleted " data has not yet fully been overwritten . however , that would require root access to the device : you need to locate the contacts database ( it is most likely named contact2.db , and will probably be located below /data/data/com.android.providers.contacts/databases/ -- the location might be different with some devices ( e . g . motorola uses a different provider for this ) . you could copy the databases from this directory to your pc , and investigate deleted entries with a hex editor -- but that is no easy job for someone not used to it . . . i know it is too late now for that -- but it might help you next time : to backup/restore your contacts , the contacts app offers an export to vcard format ( .vcf ) which it of course also can read back . this way all information is kept .
if you want to have any cellular functions apart from placing emergency calls , you have to have an actual cellular plan through a carrier . picture it this way : if you buy a land line phone for your house , take it out of the box , program speed dials , and set it on your table without plugging it into a phone line , you will not be able to receive any phone calls . your cell phone is simply a tablet until you activate a cellular plan through your carrier for it . also , the ability to place emergency calls is a feature on all cell phones that is not dependent on carriers . here is a list of uk carriers .
as of today , no there is nothing public . like matt says , you can find this out through other sites instead of asking here . a simple google search will give you results of speculation and rumor like this : http://mashable.com/2010/08/07/netflix-android-app/
yes there is ! today netflix released an offical app . netflix blog post about release . currently netflix playback is supported on the following phones : htc incredible with android 2.2 htc nexus one with android 2.2 , 2.3 htc evo 4g with android 2.2 htc g2 with android 2.2 samsung nexus s with android 2.3 if you do not have one of these devices but you do have an htc or samsung device you can try this method here to make the netflix app work on your device . i have not tried this myself as i have one of the supported devices . try this at your own risk
no , as of sept . 18 , 2010 , but according to this story netflix appears to have hired android developers , almost certainly for this purpose : http://www.downloadsquad.com/2010/08/10/netflix-android-app/
no netflix yet ( sept 2010 ) , but there is bitbop mobile tv for android $9.99/month .
netflix recently posted on their blog that they will begin to roll out support for individual devices in the coming year , but not a generic netflix app . they claim : the hurdle has been the lack of a generic and complete platform security and content protection mechanism available for android . you can read the entire post at http://blog.netflix.com/2010/11/netflix-on-android.html .
keep in mind that creating a copy of your data and destroying the original data is a not a backup , just a transport action . create a copy of you data on another device/usb stick from your phone and use the move command . this will create another ' copy ' and essentially makes sure you did not forgot anything to move . moving the data also ' deletes ' is from the original device . ( better save then sorry ) now make a list of all things you do not want them to get and make sure they are deleted/removed . after this execute a factory data reset ( from settings or boot menu ) and check you phone if its really clean .
keeping the microsd is probably the main thing , so since that is the plan already it is just the phone to go . i could not swear to this , but i used it when selling my g1: uninstall everything - except astro file browser or similar use astro to wipe out any app related folders remove astro use the " factory data reset " ( on 2.2 its under privacy ) power up and check it is greeting you as a new user power off remove sim card power up and check it does even less power off and send
as i understand it , factory reset only " deletes " user specific files and databases . they still could be recovered if not overwritten at least once . also internal android flash memory is partitioned into several areas with independent file system . some of these partitions are not directly writable . i would do the following : 1 . make a factory reset . 2 . install as many apps as possible to overwrite almost all of the data blocks in the " data " partition . 3 . make another factory reset . if there were a stock rom to overwrite the currently installed rom , i would reinstall that rom , too .
perform a factory reset then write to the memory and reset again . this is the best way i have found to prevent data remnance . i was aware that with a magnetic based drive there is almost always data remnanace . i believe the standard to effectively erase info on a magnetic drive is erasing and re-writing over the drive 7-20 times ( do not quote me on those number ) . i was under the impression that once you erased data from flash storage it was gone for good but recalled the story of a woman finding porn on her refurbished evo . so , i asked about data remnance at superuser on flash memory and found that data sometimes can remain after it is deleted . the recommendation there was : formatting , writing to the memory and formatting again . to format , as the answers above suggested , i performed a factory reset . this can be done one of two ways on the droid : go to the " settings " menu , choose " privacy " then choose " factory data reset " do a hard reset ultimately i just did the factory reset because i was too lazy to load the system memory up and i suspect that 99.99% the factory reset is sufficient , but it is good to know what the risks are .
you need to set android-wifi-tether to give out ip addresses in a different subnet than the other networks your laptop connects to ( e . g . home , work ) . you can do this within its settings . you also need to set up your web server to listen on the given address . based on your description you are most likely using nginx ; in that case add listen 192.168.2.100:80; to the appropriate server block .
problem may be caused by http proxy server . proxies help to manage web traffic on the providers end , but can and probably will disrupt access to local addresses . proxy options may be available in your network settings , but on many phones these options are hidden . an app such as http proxy settings will give access to the hidden settings . simply clear out the hostname and port for un-proxied access . make sure to write down original values so changes can be undone .
no . you can however , try to restore parts of it using titanium backup . it allows you to select apps to restore - that way you can get back the data .
hmmm . . . an update for gmail was waiting on play . i installed it and everything works fine , now . did i need the update to make it work properly ( after an update on google 's servers , or after the last update of my system , for example ) , or was the update a convenient way to restart gmail properly ? i do not know .
i have seen some other reports avlbout 90 degree compass deviations , and they were reported on android 4.4.3 . now that was an extremely short lived version . on 4.4.4 the problem vanished . so i am still convinced that this was a 4.4.3 problem .
i had an issue with something similar a few years back - and i believe this thread helped ( see lynx 's post about halfway down ) . ( i know it is a bit old - but i remember it being very helpful ) . i believe the certificate also needs to be very generically titled " certificate . p12" or something like that ( if i recall correctly ) . make sure it is in the root of your sd card and that you are trying to install from settings > > security > > install from sd card . you can also try and use this tool ( not sure how secure it is - but it might help ) .
using a file manager tool , it seems that you could double click the . p12 file and it would open in the default browser and prompt you for the certificate key password . if this does not occur , it could be that you changed the default browser on the system and that new browser does not know how to read and prompt the cert password ?
you can try using firefox for android with this plugin that lets you disable double tap zooming . hopefully that will let android pass both taps through to the website so it can register a double click .
as you removed the sd-card , you could use a card reader to attach it to your pc , which makes a search a lot easier . usually , photos are stored below a folder called dcim on the card . depending on the camera app ( i do not have a desire , so i cannot check that myself ) , subfolders there are named differently . on my phone , it uses a subfolder called " camera " . but there should not be too much subfolders there , so it will be easy to find . if that is not the place where your niece placed the " old images " , but as your desire insists they are ( somewhere else ) on the card , you can use your file manager ( i do not know what os you are running on your pc ) to search for *.jpg on the card -- that might match a lot of other images , but your photos should be listed along as long as they are on the card .
it just can not be done . similarly whatsapp too does not work on non gsm devices .
yes . install viber on tablet . once it asks for phone number give any cell phone number where you can receive the confirmation code from viber service . try to activate the account . once you receive the activation code on the cell . . put the same activation code on the tablet and you are good to receive calls on the same device . make sure you do not activate this viber cellphone number on any other device .
continue to use the . nomedia file in your audio book directory and use a separate audio book player like mortplayer for listening to non-music audio files like audio books . personally i use mortplayer for audio books , beyondpod for podcasts and the built in music player for music and things go pretty smoothly . i do not have audio books messing up my playlists and beyondpod and mortplayer have features better suited to listening to audio books and podcasts , respectively .
the camera api within android is not written to be able to capture raw . the camera firmware is at the kernel level and would require a custom kernel that is written with raw in mind . some of the post processing is being handled on the phone at the camera firmware level making it nearly impossible to find a way to actually capture raw images .
had the same problem after rejecting installation of htc sense keyboard ( i chose ' later' ) . nothing seemed to help , until after some random opening and closing of apps ( specifically , i went to messages ) the app-choser had the icons visible again . went to settings on this menu , and simply exited settings and the problem was ' solved ' . ( not really solved of course , i do not know why it occured and it may happen again ) . btw : exactly that one : the htc desire x !
if you can debug your application written in eclipse in your phone , i guess you have already enabled usb debugging . moborobo pc suite can transfer files from your phone including applications with data and it needs usb debugging to be enabled . in the app manager , right click on the app and there will be export option . there you can save your app into your pc .
you can pull the apk from the android device using adb pull . adb shell pm list packages this will list the package name for all the apks . see the package name of your app . the app name may vary from the package name . it will be mostly in /data/app if not get the path using adb shell pm path com.the app you need to.transfer 2 a . adb pull /data/app/com.the app you need to.transfer.apk . this will transfer the apk from whichever drive you executed . Eg: D: ( or ) 2 . b . adb backup -apk com.the app you need to .transfer this will create backup . ab . you can make it a tar and extract using winrar dd if=backup.ab bs=24 skip=1 | openssl zlib -d &gt; backup.tar  if there is no zlib support you can try dd if=data.ab bs=1 skip=24 | python -c "import zlib,sys;sys.stdout.write(zlib.decompress(sys.stdin.read()))" | tar -xvf -  note : dont setup a password for encrypt backup
i really like apndroid and have not had problems with it at all . however , i have got an htc dream that is unlocked and running on at and t so it is pretty much guaranteed that i am not getting ota updates . you can always access your apn settings directly , so even if an update broke your apn settings , you should have been able to go in through Settings &gt; Wireless controls &gt; Mobile networks &gt; Access point names -- i have the option of manually adding one or more apns and a " reset to defaults " button that will restore the t-mobile apns my phone shipped with .
edit : rereading your question suggested i am pointing to the wrong direction altogether . try oneclick widget . it opens the settings where you have to un-check data traffic ( so , it is two click actually ) . this is the safe way to do it . quick settings , like apndroid , simply renames the apn thereby disabling/enabling it in one click . so , when you uninstall/update the app when the apn is renamed to something illegal , you will need to re configure your settings renaming the apn to the network provider 's default . turning on the data traffic takes time because of the handshaking required as a 2g/3g standard , so this cannot be avoided . note : my phone ( xperia x10 mini ) comes with several widgets : data traffic , power control , status switch ( same thing ! ) . so you might as well play with your phone 's stock apps before venturing outside .
disclaimer : " safe " does not mean nothing can go wrong , particularly if you do not follow the instructions exactly . i make no guarantees , and you take the risks of rooting upon yourself . see this post for general rooting guidelines and an index of other devices for which we have rooting guides . if you have the original android 1.6 donut firmware on your device , upgrade it to 2.1 or higher . the official update page should bring you from 1.6 ( or 2.1 ) to 2.2 . the easiest method ( still safe ) &mdash ; 2.1 eclair , 2.2 froyo the easiest method is with gingerbreak . ( the 2.3.3 update patched the vulnerability used in gingerbreak , so if you have gingerbread then see the next section . ) on the device , go to Settings -&gt; Applications and make sure unknown sources and usb debugging ( under Development ) are checked . download the gingerbreak app via your pc and put it on the device 's sd card , or use the browser on the device . install a file browser like explorer since it appears the streak does not come with one . navigate to the gingerbreak . apk , install it , and run it to root your device . you are done ! the safest method ( still easy ) &mdash ; 2.2 froyo , 2.3 gingerbread you can attempt to root via other vulnerabilities but the safest method is probably to replace the stock recovery with streakmod and flash the superuser package through it , bypassing the need for hacks . this might work for 2.1 , but i have not tested it . ( wondering why this is safe ? the streak replaces the recovery with stock on boot . if you screw it up , it will fix itself ! ) install the android sdk on windows . ( you can use linux , but then you have to locate the fastboot package put out by htc at one point since it is not bundled with the sdk for linux . ) download streakmod and extract recovery.img from the . zip file to somewhere easily accessible , say C:\recovery.img . download the superuser package and put it on the device 's sd card . connect the phone to your pc via usb and put it into fastboot mode . the easiest way is through adb on the command line ( adjust the path if needed ) : cd C:\Program Files\Android\android-sdk\platform-tools adb reboot bootloader  alternatively , turn off the phone and then turn it on while holding the camera button . when you reach a white screen , release the camera button . when it loads , tap the FastBoot text button in the top right corner of the screen . you should see FASTBOOT_MODE in the bottom left of the screen when it is ready . from the command line ( adjust the paths if needed ) : cd C:\Program Files\Android\android-sdk\tools fastboot flash recovery C:\recovery.img  the device should show Download RECOVERY Done! when complete . continuing from the command line , enter fastboot reboot and immediately hold down both volume buttons on the device until you reach recovery mode . if the device boots , go back to step 4 ! the custom recovery has been overwritten with stock by the init scripts ; you need to get into streakmod before this happens . using the volume buttons , scroll down to 2. Software upgrade via Update.pkg on SD Card and select it by clicking the camera button . this will take you to streakmod recovery . using the same buttons as in the previous step , select apply sdcard:update.zip , then choose zip from sdcard . select Superuser.zip from wherever you put it ( e . g . , download/ ) . choose Yes - Install Superuser.zip and let it install . then back out ( using the back touch button ) and hit reboot system now . you are done ! if you want to keep streakmod recovery , use your new root powers to rename /system/etc/install-recovery.sh to something else like install-recovery.bak , then repeat steps 4-6a above . note that stock recovery can be downloaded and flashed just like streakmod , so there is not much to worry about if you decide to do this .
hi martin tapankov : yes . it is safe to remove the stock android keyboard application if you have already installed an alternative ime ( input method editor ) on your phone . you may go to " settings-> local and text-> text settings-> select input method " to select only one preferred ime and then reboot your phone to ensure it automatically picks up your ime . please bear in mind you should not install or move your preferred ime application to the sd card because , after your phone is restarted , the default ime will revert to android keyboard ( if you still have the stock android keyboard application installed ) or your phone will show a lot of forcecloses ( if you have uninstalled the stock android keyboard application ) . good luck ! fyi , i have already done this before on my samsung galaxy s epic 4g ( sph-d700 ) which comes with a hardware slide-out keyboard , so my risk factor has been much smaller than yours . :- )
default email app on my g2 supports imap , including encryption . i personally use k-9 , which is free .
do you use gmail ? or the default " e-mail app " ? which device you own ( samsung has another than stock google ) . but i remember , that both of them support imap .
yes there are ! currently i found a mame , gameboy , n64 , snes , scummvm ( emulates classic adventure titles like secret of monkey island , the dig , day of the tentacle , grim fandango and broken sword ) and a genesis emulator . all of them use the psx buttons but you need to configure all of them in the internal emulator configuration . i have them all installed but i only tested the mame , sness and scummvm emulator . i also have been told that some of these were removed from the market since they were paid apps that were copied from open source emulators . i have no idea about the legality of the use of emulators . since some of the apks are not available via market you will need to install a file manager and allow the android system to install apps that are not from the market . i really can not find the direct links to the emulators , but here it is their websites : gameboy n64oid snes a . d . scummvm genplus-droid ( genesis ) tiger emulator ( mame ) btw : the tiger emulator page says that it also emulates other platforms , i have only tried marvel vs capcom and metal slug . oh yeah , they also run great with zero lag but they will usually suck your battery dry . edit : i tested all of them and everyone works like a charm , with the exception of the n64 emulator . some games like mario kart 64 run ok and other like pillotwings64 are unplayable . double edit : i have been doing some research about psx emulators and some close friends have recommended me fpse ( free playstation emulator ) - it is supposed to be free but someone is selling it on the droid market . i have not got the chance to test it and i will only get my psx games after the weekend i believe that if someone does want to emulate psx , it seems like a good way to start .
you should try ppsspp , which is a psp emulator . although it is still in the beta stage it works fairly well .
this is happening because of an issue ( or a feature ? ) on stock samsung firmware . whenever you reboot the phone , the " show notifications " setting of apps that were moved to sd card will revert to its original state , which is to allow notifications . the work-around is to move the app back to the phone , and the setting will persist across reboots .
i also had same issue and i initially connected my phone in ptp mode and then phone got detected but i could not see the videos . i went to phone and changed mode to mtp and then the videos were available . catch here is that when you are connecting your phone to laptop it should be in ptp mode and then change to mtp . if you have mtp mode and try connecting your mobile to laptop then your pc might not detect the phone .
camera ptp mode means picture transfer protocol . this is probably why you can not see any videos . select usb mode and navigate to the same folder . make sure you are checking the right " camera " folder as you may have 2 , one on your sd card and one in the internal phone memory .
androidforums has a guide for rooting the htc one v . i can not post the steps here , since the link is blocked at my current location .
this very comprehensive article entitled " guide to game controllers on android " published on 9th may 2012 maybe greatly beneficial to you : http://www.pocketables.com/2012/05/guide-to-game-controllers-on-android.html you may also be interested in this video ( approx . 45 mins duration ) entitled " gaming on the nexus 7 with a ps3 controller " http://revision3.com/hak5/how-to-bluetooth-a-controller-to-nexus
i had this same problem after an upgrade . after a lot of digging i found the problem . before starting , note that your device must be rooted to fix it . believe or not , the problem is with the " ls " command in /system/bin . it looks like a lot of the commands are symbolic links to a file called " toolbox " , which is also located in the "/system/bin " directory . the " ls " command however links to what i think was the previous location "/data/local/toolbox " . fix is : using a suitable file manager ( i used root explorer ) , copy toolbox from /system/bin to /data/local . i guess you could also try update the ls symbolic link to point to /system/bin/toolbox , but i am not sure how to do this and there may be other link with the same problem . device : samsung galaxy tab gt-p7510 new android version : ics 4.0.4 old android version : hc 3.2
i have solved this problem . it was because of huge network traffic on the dhcp server , due to which the ack was not able to reach through wi-fi to the samsung galaxy android .
so what can i do to make android run faster and stop clogging all the data into the disk and force me to re-install monthly ? well , i do not have a hard-and-fast answer ( sorry ) . since you have experienced a similar issue with two different phones , i would not expect it to be an isolated hardware problem . in this case , i would try to isolate the problem by managing applications . that is , when you experience the problem , first try killing facebook . if that does not help ( after about 10 or 30 minutes ) , restart facebook and then kill messenger . if that does not help ( after about 10 or 30 minutes ) , restart messenger and then kill whatsapp . . . eventually , you should be able to isolate it to a particular app . also , the " wait 10 minutes or so " gives the device 's resource manager time to recover resources and stabilize . but you should see an effect almost immediately . in the worse case , you will need to wipe and then install each app individually . in this case , i am thinking malware is being planted by one of the apps ( either surreptitiously or accidentally ) . the way to isolate it is to install one app at a time and observe behavior . in all cases , this is probably not an android problem , so i probably would not take it out on the aosp project . similar happened to microsoft in the 1990s . for microsoft , the os was relatively stable ; but the third party drivers were causing a majority of the problems . and the os got blamed . ( and side stepping the os religion wars ) .
yes , most devices support up to 7 devices connected at once . i do not have a galaxy s4 to test on , but it seems unlikely it would only support one . more likely , there is a particular problem with one of the devices involved . you should post a new question about why bluetooth is not working properly for you , giving full details of the devices you are using , what steps you take , and what happens .
the " device offline " output means that the device is detected , but it refuses any operation because the user did not allow that particular computer to connect ( secure adb ) . your device is up and running , and displaying a confirmation window on its non-functioning screen . you could try to power the device on and blindly hit the ok button after unlocking the screen , then all adb commands should work . alternatively , if you have used adb with another computer , try it with that . also , all devices offer some kind of id even in this state , displayed by " adb devices" ; this is the serial number most of the time . see if it is the right format . edit : " fastboot devices " should show the serial number too . also , it should be easy to put the n7 into fastboot mode even without a screen .
the first thing you need to do is to check your tablet version . my suspicion is that it is not running honeycomb ( android 3.0+ or the tablet version of android ) but actually a heavily modded phone version of android ( i.e. android 2.1-2.3 ) . go to settings -> about phone ( or something similar . each manufacturer changes how you access this ) if it is indeed running the version of android meant for phones , then the market might be complaining to your tablet because you might be trying to download apps meant for honeycomb . the online market automatically updates to include additional devices when you activate them ( i.e. when you initially do the android setup and sign in to your google account ) . make sure you select the drop down and check if there is another option . also make sure you activated both devices under the same account . -i know i should have made this a comment but its too long of an answer for one . :p
you must distinguish security between programming errors that make a system less secure ( as in the article your referenced ) and the security-architecture . i am only writinge about security-architecture . android has a sandbox that shields the apps from each other and from sensitive os-features . on installation an android-app requires permissions to sensitive issues : access internet , files , adressbook , . . . . . . if the running app tries to access some sensitive api whre there are no permissions the app is aboarted . on unrooted devices the os does not allow to write to os-files . one app cannot access other apps ' private files . this is a good starting point for security . however there is no fine grained security : example : either an android app is allowed to access all internet or internet is not allowed . you can not restrict an android app to access only a certain url . there is no way that you can specify " ask me every time the app wants to access the internet . " the same applies to other sensitive issues as well : contacts , making sms-calls , accessing public folders in the filesystem , . . . . so as long there is no " allow on demand " feature in the os and no more fine grained security-settings for me android up to version 4 is not secure enough . but as an open source system it has the potential to become more secure over time . comparison to other mobile os . the dotnet-platform of windows mobile 6 and its predecessors down to ppc2003 also has a sandbox and much finer grained security settings . i am not shure how effective these are and if security modell still exists in the current system . i have an old motorola java-me phone that is quite secure because the manufacturer does not allow other apps to access sensitive functions as long as the app is not signed by motorola itself or one of its trust partners . there is no setting that allows me as the phone owner to disable this security . however other java-me-phone vendors have this option .
this is too big for a comment , so here goes : both articles cite one and the same mcafee report . mcafee is a security products vendor , hardly an impartial observer to the malware scene . mcafee does not have products which for ios devices , but they most certainly do for android devices . and paid , too . turns out they might have for both platforms . i can not be bothered to install itunes to verify . android is the fastest-growing mobile platform , and with an absolutely crazy 73%+ growth rate , and now has 48% market share , compared to just 10% in the beginning of 2010 . no big surprise here -- this is just a marketing ploy by a security vendor to sell more products . the same trick they pulled off with other av vendors that they did with pcs in the mid-2000s . as an aside , security is not all that much platform-dependent as it is people-dependent . most of the largest security breaches are caused by social engineering attacks rather than technical limitations . i have yet to see with my eyes an android malware application , it has always been beyond me how people manage to get infected . see also this related question on whether you need av on your android ( short answer -- no ) . your phone should be secure as long as you use common sense while installing and using applications . do not trust anything that is on the market play store , the same way as you would not trust a random pc program , or a facebook " app " for that matter . ios and anrdoid security concerns pop here and there in the news occasionally , but from observing both markets for some time i am fairly convinced that both platforms offer reasonable ( technical ) protection to their users , and offending applications are removed with short notice . google has even removed malware applications from devices without user discretion at least once .
as far as the safety of android , it depends a little more on the user . ios has a vetting process for their apps , so it is very hard for malware to get onto the app store . with android , it is much easier to put an app on the market . also , if the phone is configured to install from unknown sources , you can install software from anywhere . however , if someone is smart about the aps they install , it is not an issue . restrict app installation to the google play/market store and the amazon app store , or other trusted software companies . when you install from the google play/market , look at the number of downloads and the ratings - these provide an indication of how much you can trust the app .
the reason could be insufficient permissions . an app cannot simply chose to create a directory below /data ( other than its own , /data/&lt;package_name&gt; , which is already created by the android system when the app is being installed ) . so this was why it failed in the first place . even after you used your " root powers " to create the /data/.ssh directory , and put a ( most likely empty ) known_hosts file there , the issue was probably the same : both where owned by the user who created them ( root ) , and the app might not have been able to enter the directory , let alone to write into the file . there are two possible solutions to this . the first you chose yourself was granting the app SUPER_USER privileges . if this is fine with you ( and you trust the app for that ) , your issue is gone with that . of course this requires the app to request the SUPER_USER permission , which it obviously does in your case . a more restrictive approach would have been granting the correct privileges to the directory and the file , by e.g. chown it to the app 's user , or chmod appropriately . if owned by that app , only this app would have access there , which would be the best solution . for this , you would first need to figure out the user , which could be done e.g. using ls -l /data/&lt;package_name&gt; ( replace &lt;package_name&gt; with the package name of the app ) , and then do a chown -R &lt;user&gt;:&lt;group&gt; /data/.ssh .
you need to escalate the shell , since /data requires root permissions to access . after running adb shell , run su before running cd /data . the prompt should change from $ to # if it works .
if you had a pretty decent pc , you could try using the official android emulator from the android sdk . the only problem might be that with the current emulator , there is no graphic acceleration yet so game performance might not be so great , though google says it will be coming soon .
you might have to fidget with this one , and if you could get it working , it would be awesome . there is an android x86 project that you could use to boot android on your computer , and just play the games there . the builds they have up now come with a few games , and if you could install . apk files to it , then you could play all the games right there ! let us know if you do this , and how well it works !
for viewing the phone 's screen from your pc you could use a solution from this question : how to capture video stream from android phone screen and show it on laptop ? . you might be able to get up to 30 fps depending on the quality . a clever way to control the game externally , if you do not want to hold the phone , is to attach it to a gaming steering wheel :p sort of like the wiimote steering wheel attachment . as far as i am aware the emulator would be too slow and the only " android player " out there is for the blackberry playbook , not pc .
i am pretty sure that the standard way ( that google want you to go through ) to do this is to start by going through the android market help ( also available by going to the help menu within the android market app ) going into the buying apps section , a lot of sectsions there have contact us links that you can fill in with your problem and details . if that does not help you then can search the market support forums .
there is no setting available in any android rom that has the battery threshold setting . from the previous answer given , it is built in . only course of option is to roll your own android build , with the hard-coded value adjusted , but , and is a big but indeed , it is not the recommended route to take , as the code behind android to handle the battery mechanism varies from chip-set to chip-set and to each and their own manufacturer . by adjusting it , there could be invariable damage to the battery as a result , since the threshold is specified , by " tweaking " it could affect the battery in the long run and possibly end up shortening the battery life also .
i have a galaxy s3 and changing the battery threshold had me stumped for a good while as i did manage to change it when i first got the phone . here 's the answer to how to change the battery threshold on the galaxy s3: you do not need an app . simply wait until your gs3 gives you the low battery warning . on your phone 's homepage at the top , pull down the notification bar and tap once on the red low battery notification . this will take you to a power saving option page that has the battery threshold options . note : if you access the power saving options from the settings screen , you do not get the battery threshold option ? ? i really hope this helps all those like me that just could not find out how to do this .
google now by default will think that you are in the usa . the app pulls your home address from google latitude . this is also how it knows when you are home and it is the basics for traffic info . to change this go into : Maps -&gt; Location History (tab)  here you can set both your home and work address .
sounds like the usb port is broken , though it should be fixable with soldering or something . take a look outside to see if the pins were snapped off or anything , and inside if not .
there is an app called remote web desktop by smartdog studio . it enables access to your phone through your desktop 's browser , over the local network ( i.e. . no connection to the internet is necessary ( i use it with both phone and desktop on the same wifi ap ) ; phone acts as http ( s ) server on non-standard port ( configurable ) ) . the simplest method is " shared clipboard": select the text on your phone , copy to clipboard , and it is immediately accessible from the desktop computer . the app has a free ( ad-supported ) and paid ( ~$4 usd ) version ; the free version allows connection over http , paid also offers https . full disclosure : i am a ( happy ) user of this app , no other connection .
if your pc and phone both support blue tooth you should be able to tether the two together . alternatively you should be able to use a usb chord to attach your phone as a usb device and drag and drop from your phone 's data to your pc ; i can do this with my htc evo 4g .
catch synchronizes notes from various sources ( pc or phone ) automatically . unfortunately it requires an internet connection , but that can be via wifi and not the phone 's data plan . so , while not ideal , i think it is better than sending yourself fb chat messages .
this worked well for me aswell , but not real smooth . choosing the optimus s from the " change device profile " makes the hotspot visible and works fine on the kindle . there is an error associated with the app when the hotspot is started with this profile that is annoying at the worst . it appears this profile is attempting to start the built in os hotspot app which fails as we knew it would . in doing all that , it all works out . . . . . thanks for the heads up . will be pinging a few developers for a cleaner solution since the combo does work , just not very well with avail hotspot apps/tools . until then , free is still going to get a donation for providing me with " a " option . ; )
i was able to figure it out . : ) after getting my phone rooted , i found this link : http://code.google.com/p/android-wifi-tether/downloads/detail?name=wifi_tether_v3_1-pre113.apkcan=2q=label%3aexperimental all you have to do is download that code in the link into your phone . it takes you to an app , and you install it . this is an experimental ( beta ) version of the app , which uses infrastructure wifi -the updated version uses ad hoc . the beta version works great , and now i can get a great signal on my kindle fire from my phone , without having to root my kindle .
my nexus 10 recently stopped connecting to the internet via wifi after it had been connecting for 3 months . i simply rebooted off my wireless router by removing the power for 30-60 seconds and then powering up . once the router rebooted , presto , my nexus 10 was once again connected to the wireless network and the internet .
someone with access to that router may have accessed it through the internet just as you did and set up the mac filtering . you have to manually enter every mac address of every device that is running on your network in order to block just one mac address or multiple addresses . then you have to set what mac address to block and save those settings just as you did to unblock your mac address on that specific device .
i have resolved this issue myself . here is what i did to resolve it : accessed wireless router 's settings . please remember i do not have access to adsl router which is connected to the internet . the linksys wireless router setting has " wireless " menu . under this menu , click on " wireless mac filter " . click on " enabled " radio button . click on " prevent listed computers from accessing the wireless network " radio button . i saw a list of mac addressed in this list . one of the mac addresses was that of the tablet which was not connecting . i removed this from this list and voila ! ! ! ! my tab was happy : ) ( i still do not know how it got into this list ! ! )
many android 2.2 users report the same issue 1 . i would recommend trying : delete the network from known list and then reconnect and/or set a static ip address for your 2.2 device : wifi settings -> menu -> advanced -> use static ip ( depending on your network config , submask to use : 255.255.255.0 , default gateway ( router ip ) : 192.168.1.1 ) to something like 192.168.1.200 -- 1 see the original authors : http://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/mobile/bbo7y3cpon8%5b1-25%5d
i have encountered this problem twice , once with my htc flyer , originally with android os 2.3 , but somehow after i updated os to gingerbread the problem 's gone . second happened with my google nexus i515 , running os 4.04 . tried everything until i clicked settings -> system -> change wifi regulatory domain , and chose emea and rest of world ( the other options were us and japan which were not where i am located ) wifi settings resetted and problem 's solved .
to detect tampering , firmware updates are signed and ( if you are using the recovery program that shipped with the phone ) the signature is verified before install . after a mandatory confirmation from you that the installation should start , after a reboot , the recovery program will first verify this signature and only then install the new firmware . note that you will always get a prompt for a rom update . besides allaying security concerns and giving you a bit more control over the proceedings , this gives you the opportunity to : make sure the battery is charged or that the phone is plugged into the mains . back up any data you fear may be lost should the upgrade go wrong . do a bit of research into the improvements in this firmware version , and decide whether it is worth your time . so yes , firmware updates are secure and even if you are concerned , an update to the actual os will not be installed without your confirmation .
the updates will not be installed automatically . the system will only notify you that the update is available . you can download and install them at your convenience .
the htc sensation uses a capacitive touchscreen , so any standard capacitive stylus will work for touch-based input . simply be sure you do not purchase a stylus designed for a resistive touchscreen .
as @logos has said rightly having any modifications on rom does not have any effect on the charge/discharge . first of all let 's understand the simple concept of battery consumption . the device requires charge to run the software and perform various tasks done by the processor ( graphics , antenna , gps , bluetooth etc . ) . it only depends on which kind of processor is used by your device and not by the rom , having an updated or increased rom will only give you speed but not charge . if this processor design is not good then due to some usage itself the device gets heated up thereby raising health concerns . as the number of charge consuming hardware increases ( nfc , wi-fi , bluetooth , graphic card , high output speakers , camera etc . ) the battery capacity also increases ( 2500mah or 3500mah ) . if the battery capacity is less then you will suffer from low battery very soon and if the battery capacity is high ( i.e. . around 3000mah ) then the time required to do a full charge ( 100 % charge ) will take some time due to this many smartphones in the market having higher capacity battery ( devices with high capacity battery are fixed permanently in your device for example motorola e has higher capacity battery which can easily last for a day , has its battery soldered permanently in the phone and cannot be removed ) so next time you purchase a device go for a high capacity battery as well as the latest android 4.4.4 operating system ( the latest operating system of android is by far the best for consuming less and efficient battery management ) . visit this site for further details about smartphone batteries . now coming to your phone usage in order to improve the battery life try reducing the screen brightness to optimum level and not automatic brightness . turn off the mobile data/wi-fi/g . p . s when not in use . use headphones instead of a speaker on your device wherever possible . last but not the least as you would be traveling a lot in your car invest in a car charger accessory which is readily available and also gives you charge on the move .
chraging is generally limited by hardware , not the rom - ie , the charging cable and the device charging input and battery . different charging adaptors can provide different amperages ( eg , the note ii charger provides a 2amp feed ) . using the wrong amperage may damage your device by overloading the charging port or battery , depending on your hardware ; it is unlikely tho as the hardware should limit this . if you are finding that your car charger is not providing enough juice , you might want to try buying a charging cord with higher amperage than the charging cord you are currently using . the maximum charge rating for a galaxy s ii is for 5v/1amp .
according to this youtube video , where the user measured actual current drawn while adjusting the settings , the maximum is 650ma ( . 65a ) . contrary to the first answer , the charging device cannot in any way " push " current into any device ; it is like the ac outlet , which can supply a lot of current , but will never supply too much unless there is a defect or short . the charger can only supply current , hopefully enough to satisfy the amount the device is trying to draw . you cannot damage your device by using an adaptor that supplies higher current , you can only slow down the charging by supplying too little . the device itself contains the charging circuitry that controls how much current is drawn at various stages of charging . if the wall adaptor could damage a device by supplying too much current , then it would not be safe to plug it into the computer usb port , which is often capable of supplying higher current when properly negotiated by the device .
you can force the language that app descriptions are shown in on the web version of the play store by changing the language code in the link . this is shown in the url as hl=language , for example hl=en for english , hl=fi for finnish or hl=fr for french . so for example , to see an english description for the gmail app you had got to this link : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.gm&amp;hl=en or in finnish : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.gm&amp;hl=fi or to see it in french go here : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.gm&amp;hl=fr or in german go here : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.gm&amp;hl=de you will see that all that is changed between those is the &amp;hl= bit at the end of the link , yet the whole play store page including the description and reviews has changed to the relevant language .
tf201 is not supported on cm11 , so your choices are to go with official nightlies ( which are not stable ) of cm10.1 from here or unofficial cm11 from here . neither of these are stable or officially supported releases . the google apps version you should use depends on the cm version you choose to flash . if you are using cm11 , use the 20140105 gapps . if you are using cm10.1 , use the 20130812 gapps .
you can temporarily turn off 2-step verification , and turn it back on after you have logged in . i had the same issue with galaxy tab 2 , and did just that .
you should try to set up an " application specific " password for your tab , and enter that password when you enter your account details . now you totally avoid the second screen asking for the code . you can create an application specific password at https://accounts.google.com/b/0/issuedauthsubtokens ( at least that is the one i use ) kind regards joern
this method can be used to increase the maximum speaker output on your htc evo 3d , but bare in mind , if you set the output level to high , it might be possible to blow out your phone 's speakers . preparation note that this method uses software only available for windows . install htc sync on your computer . get your 6-digit msl code , using one of this two methods : androidforums : easy way to get msl without calling sprint or using cmda workshop . you will need to install alogcat ( free from google play store ) xda developers forum : retrieve msl cdma workshop method . install qualcomm product support tools ( qpst ) . connecting to the phone and adjusting your levels put phone into diag mode : dial this code : ##diag# start the qpst service programming : access your start menu , select the " qpst " folder , then " service programming " . if your phone was successfully set to diag mode it will be listed on the first screen . select it and press ok to continue . press read from phone to connect to your phone and enter the code obtained from the second step of your preparation process when solicited . click the sounds tab : change each level to whatever you want it to be . level 4 is the loudest after the necessary adjustments , press write to phone . some read errors may be presented , do not worry , its normal . writing process is done , reboot your phone and try the new settings . credits to xda developers forum thread : how to use qpst to increase the volume on the evo 3d . some issues are discussed on the thread if you run into trouble .
sure not . all changes made there are gone with the next boot : you are just modifying a file on a " temporary file-system " here , which is created on boot , and " gone " on shutdown . for persistent changes , you would need to change the boot image . as you compare with linux on a pc , think of a initrd.img ( initrd aka " initial ram disk , or initramfs ) . the root file system is loaded from this during the boot process ( step 3 , kernel ) . please excuse me for not going into more details : but how that is done is beyond the scope of this site ( which targets end-users , not developers ) ; and beside that i have no practical experience in this specific field .
you can copy the music to any location on your phone , and the music player will detect the location automatically . al has posted how you can transfer your file with a pc and usb cable , if for some reason it does not work for you you can install awesome drop from the market and then use dashwire 's awesome drop to transfer the file using internet connection .
there are many ways to ( semi- ) automate the process . i am assuming you do not want to use an app to manage this . ( there are dozens . i expect some other answers will suggest some . ) i also assume that you know how to connect to your pc and turn on " usb storage " . just copy your music files to your sd card . the music player will find the tracks wherever you have them , but you should probably put them in a " music " subfolder so that you can find them easily . it is as simple as that .
here is what i would do : clean way your sd card image is stored in the following location : ~/.android/avd/&lt;avd name&gt;.avd/sdcard.img  stackexchange-url so , if your avd is named screen_large , then your image file would be at : ~/.android/avd/SCREEN_LARGE.avd/sdcard.img  i am using a mac but i am sure the location for the . android folder should be inside of your ' user ' folder as well . you can then duplicate this file and then use it with another avd . less clean way copy all of your files/folders that you want off of the old image from adb : adb pull &lt;dir or file&gt;  how to use adb pull then , using adb create a brand new image : mksdcard &lt;size&gt; &lt;file&gt;  mksdcard can be found in the tools/ directory of your sdk folder . then load the avd with the new image : emulator -sdcard &lt;filepath&gt;  once the avd has loaded your new image , you can then push your files : adb push &lt;dir or file&gt;  info taken from google page : http://developer.android.com/tools/devices/emulator.html#sdcard i hope this helped !
after failing to avoid freezing by sw settings , i resorted to last resort : baking motherboard . : ) result : device is bricked . it wont even start . i will buy a new motherboard .
the thief would , perform in this order of chances below are : throw away the sim card ( see below ) attempt to unlock boot-loader ( if its locked ) which results in wipe of /data and /cache pop in a sim card that does not have pin lock . if an incorrect pin is entered more than three times , a puk is needed ! now the chances of the thief walking into the carrier 's shop , asking for the puk code is very slim hence why number one ( in the above ) is done first , even if digging around trying to figure out what the number is . and furthermore , some , if not all , carriers have the handset , locked to the network in itself . sure they will get the imei and walk into a mobile shop that specializes in phone/network unlocking and get the handset freed from the carrier 's network . so it would be safe to say the sim card 's pin lock is secure somewhat !
you will need to build the whole source using source build/envsetup.sh lunch make -j4 # change 4 to the number of cores+1  and then make a sd card image , detailed instructions for example here : http://nilvec.com/testing-an-android-image-built-from-source/
i have spoken with the measy the manufacturer of the rc12 , they claim their . kl for the rc12 is proprietary , so i was unable to get an actual layout to install in the system/usr/keylayout/vendor_xxxx_product_xxxx . kl in order to map the keyboard/keyevents you need to figure out the vendor# and product# of any usb keyboard/mouse device . adb shell dmesg | grep usb this gives you the vendor/product#s . now you generate your own . kl file . my suggestion is to use the generic . kl file in the /system/usr/keylayout/generic . kl for reference . adb pull /system/usr/keylayout/Generic.kl  then modify it as you see fit and change the name to /vendor_xxxx_product_xxxx . kl adb push /system/usr/keylayout/Vendor_XXXX_Product_XXXX.kl adb reboot 
when you are done organizing your contacts on the google contacts page , and before syncing with your phone , go to applications-> manage applications and clear data+cache of the contacts app ( plus some other service i cannot recall currently , something like a contacts provider if there is ) . then open your contacts app to verify no contact is left . that done , sync again -- as there are no contacts on your device , it cannot upload anything ( and thus not mess things up again ) , but should simply download the data from the google server .
roms like cyanogenmod and others by no means are complete . they are always under major refactoring and between minor revisions major functionality may be broken . for a long time i have been using custom roms , and if some functionality is broken i would advise you to return to a previous version of the rom , or switch to another rom . the problem can also be related to the kernel you are using . kernel is different than the rom . rom is built on top of kernel meaning that kernel part covers the more low-level functionality . if the kernel you are using does not support some functionality about usb bus , then you can still have problems although the rom has no bugs .
as andrás ' comment says , the nexus 4 uses slimport not mhl . i use this slimport adaptor to connect my n4 to a tv .
the option to choose what application to use when making a call ( or anything else , such as open a webpage ) happens when you do not have a default set . so if you want to get asked whether to use dialler/skype/viber when you try to call a contact , then you need to clear the default settings for dialler . you will not get the prompt otherwise . there is no way to set this up on a per-number or per-contact basis in the dialler .
go to setting , manage applications , press the all tab and scroll down to dialler/skype/viber go to options then select clear default button . http://androidforums.com/samsung-galaxy-s3/590961-dialer-default-search-settings.html
a bug in the latest version of chrome can cause this in certain circumstances ( low memory being one ) . details here : https://code.google.com/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=342190 https://code.google.com/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=399521 seems like a fix should be making its way into the beta soon .
it sounds similar to a bug with 16-bit transparency . if your phone has this setting , turn it off , then try again , but your bug does seem a little different , so no promises .
i have the same problem . i usually just press the home button to go back to my home screen of my phone , then i hold the home button and clear apps running in the background . then i open chrome again and the screen is displayed properly . only solution i have until the bug gets fixed in beta .
when running adb without any commands , you get a list of possible commands , and here it is : adb sync [ &lt;directory&gt; ] - copy host-&gt;device only if changed (see 'adb help all')  looks pretty relevant to me : )
you can check if your phone is currently unlocked/rooted in bootloader ( volume down+power for a few seconds when phone is off should do it . otherwise google for your phone . ) i guess there is no way to check if your device was ever rooted . indeed , the safest* is to root the phone yourself and flash a rom . another advantage of this is that you are up-to-date . *of course , there is always the potential risk that rooting fails and your device explodes : )
if your phone is still running donut , did you know that an eclair ( android 2.1 ) update should be available for that phone , eclair starting rolling out to the middle east in september and the rest of the world should have had it by the end of 2010 . see the official gt540 update guide on lg 's website . you should be able to download the necessary lg mobile support tool software from here . i would hope that such a glaring bug has been fixed in the updated calendar/widget .
do you have a 3rd party battery saving app installed ? they usually turn all connections off when your phone is in deep sleep , only refreshing it for a minute every hour or 45 minutes depending on the default settings .
what a nightmare . i have spent the last 2-3 weeks trying to have htc work with me to resolve the issue . their customer service had been frustrating . after factory reseting my phone to no avail , it was concluded the only possible cause of the issue is that my software was outdated . it turns out , my phone had never updated its software . ever . this is something i would expect to be done automatically , but htc would not accept blame nor would they blame at and t or me for not manually checking for updates constantly . they also somehow do not have access to any of the updates i missed ( that they own ) . an escalated tech support person said to have the software updated , i would have to send my phone in for repair or he had have to contact " corporate " to gain access to the updates . what ? in the meantime , he suggested a couple troubleshooting steps which , after reviewing my ticket , he saw had not been tried . one of them worked and that was to go to : settings > power > power saver . turn power saver off and uncheck data connection . i am not exactly sure what this does - most likely results in my power draining faster - but it works and i do not feel like dealing with htc anymore . to be clear , i do not think this is a perfect solution , more of an acceptable stop-gap . i assume that having the phone software completely up to date would resolve the problem , but since htc is unable to provide me with their updates , this is what i have to go with . hopefully this helps someone else .
there is a setting in most modern android phones which dictates whether the wifi stays awake or goes to sleep while the phone sleeps . settings &lt ; wifi &lt ; advanced &lt ; keep wifi on during sleep . make sure it is set to stay on during sleep .
it is not possible to programmatically toggle offline mode ( ie , by creating an intent or with tasker or something ) . however you can limit streaming quality over mobile networks , same with downloading of offline playlists . spotify is aware of some users having problems with high data usage , and some of the recent 1 . x releases have contained fixes for these types of problems . so always make sure that you have the latest version of the spotify app installed !
go to settings and untick " download over 2g/3g " . this way spotify will not download/update playlists when wifi connection is not available . it can however still stream music , so to disable that just tick the " offline mode " option . if you leave it ticked it will not stream music anymore and you will be only able to listen to previously downloaded playlists . also , you settings will be preserved and the next time you start spotify it will still be in offline mode , preventing unwanted mobile data traffic .
no need to do that , if your device runs at least android 4.0 : from your homescreen , go to settings → data usage tick the checkbox to enable data limit in the graph , move the bars to some level suiting you ( can be imaginary high , to not toggle your mobile data off altogether when reached ) scroll down until you find the spotify app , tap its entry to open details scroll to the end of that screen , tick the checkbox to " limit background data " done . now , unless spotify is running in foreground , it should no longer automatically use mobile data . this setting has no effect to wifi , so it would perfectly fit your needs : while on wifi , spotify feels no restriction . as soon as you switch to mobile data , the app is no longer allowed to automatically transfer anything in background – but should still permit actions you trigger when the app is in foreground .
the free space difference can be accounted by three relevant factors that may end up giving you some misleading information about the real space available on your internal storage : the free space reported the free space reported at the end of the " manage applications " screen is rounded to mb , and it gives you a general free space estimation based on the moment you opened said screen , and it gets updated from time to time ( by my tests about every minute ) . i have mentioned " rounded " because if you access the " storage settings " panel , you will get a clear picture regarding the free space available , down to kb . the app allocation as already mentioned by t0mm13b , an application may be entirely moved to the sdcard or leave a portion behind , this issue is more related with the development of the application itself and there is no standard rules to follow . i have performed an exercise with " angry birds " , and while the download mentioned 20mb , after installed it consumed 24mb . after moving it to the sdcard using the option for this end under " manage applications " screen , 1.85mb were left behind on the internal storage , plus 4kb of data . temporary system files from other applications or running services while i was writing this answer , the free space reported varied between 2mb , this tells us that the os is constantly creating and freeing up space depending on the stuff running . there may exist other factors that concern the ext4 file system specifications used by gingerbread , but i do not believe they better account for the 2mb difference . by the three points mentioned above , while performing an exercise with the application you have mentioned using a device with a stock gingerbread rom , i have managed to account for 2mb of difference , just like the space you have mentioned . determine internal and external space occupied following up on the comments , regarding a way to accurately know how much an app occupies on the device , and being able to view it by external or internal storage , the most accurate application i am currently using is sandisk memory zone by sandisk corp . available for free from google play store . open the application select the desired storage check the details about it
this sounds like you are using apps2sd or equivalent whereby , moving the app onto the sdcard , only a portion of the app is stored in the internal storage and the rest on the sdcard . for verification , check your sdcard and see if the app 's data is still there , this should be present in /sdcard/Android/data/ followed by the package name of the installed application . that is a normal mechanism of the apps2sd .
many people have that kind of problem and i have the same one . moving apps to sd card just delays a bit the problem because something else fills up the internal storage . i finally figured out and it works great . i have a galaxy tab 7 but many android devices will experience that . the one called /data is actually not really just data but it is where android install the application apk and some of the data related to it . if you force the apk to install on sd card , it will still use some of the /data space ( small amount ) for some data . the problem i discovered is in /data/tombstone , you will find 10 files named tombstone_0# . these are constant/non-stop debugging info collected by android . these files build up over time . you do not need that for a normal user . delete all of them . these 4 files were using 1.4gb of my 1.89gb internal tablet storage . to do so , you will need to root your device . yes , you must . and it will not explode do not worry , i have done it and many others too ! then get a program like " root explorer " to browse and delete the junk . it will request and be granted root privilege if you rooted your device before and you will be able to do whatever you want . to root your device , just google " root android [ my device model ] " and you should find quickly how to root your device . this problem is a design flaw . when there is a low internal storage , android should start a background task to clean up that junk .
checking around , i just found a few useful apps which reveal where the storage goes . for one , there is diskusage . though the screenshot 1 shows the sdcard here , the video on the apps playstore page makes clear it can be used on internal storage as well -- and even links to the apps page you usually find via menu -> applications -> manage applications . you can walk and zoom in/out each area , as the annotations on the screenshot show . my second candidate is folder size chart , which comes with a different design and , as seen in the screenshot 2 , can also deal with internal storage . these two may definitly help to identify " storage hogs " . there are many others found in the playstore which follow this concept , but most are limited to the sdcard or require root access .
as the n1 is closely related to the htc incredible you might be running into the same low storage space issue that plagues incredible users ( like myself ) . i asked a related question when i started experiencing apps force-closing due to a lack of partition space and later consolidated my understanding of the data partitions in an answer to a question about false “low on space” ( internal storage ) warning on htc incredible : . . . my app settings screen shows me what must be the /data usage ( never close to full , numbers match /data size reported by diskusage ) even though my apps are actually constrained by the much smaller /data/data ( where i run out of room often ) . . . i found that the number reported as " internal storage " was reporting something entirely unhelpful and was , by all accounts , useless in helping me actually manage app storage . i concur with izzy in his recommendation of diskusage , i found it very helpful especially when rooted ( with root permissions it can display /data/data partition usage ) . using terminal emulator to investigate usage was also helpful in diagnosing my problem . when you take a look at your /data and /data/data partitions , do you see the same discrepancies ?
' shadow ' refers to the base model of the phone , cdma_shadow being the droid x on verizon , and the regular shadow is likely the milestone x , a gsm phone released overseas . while the software is mostly the same , there is likely some difference in the hardware , almost certainly the phone 's radio , and sounds like the camera as well , according to what you have been told . it is not uncommon for the different phone+network combinations to have different codenames , another examble would be the samsung galaxy nexus , with verizon 's lte version called " toro " , and the later sprint version called " toroplus "
edited found the official source where can be read that the motorola droid x build was renamed to shadow : also worthy of note : the new release files have a slightly modified naming-scheme , including the codename instead of the commercial/common name in the filename . so the following is a handy “translation chart” to make sure you don’t mis-identify your device . . . . . . shadow - motorola droid x . . . original answer at cyanogenmod downloads , the build identified by cdma_shadow stopped at cm_shadow_full-154.zip ( the available links are broken ) . when they were resumed , they have been renamed to shadow , being shadow the codename for the droid x . droid x formerly known as droid xtreme , has the development codename " shadow " . cdma stands for : code division multiple access . it is the general system used for 3g services . related information : cdma technology - cdma is a wireless technology standard used by verizon wireless in all of its phones , and by certain other carriers in the countries listed at this link . trying further to justify this answer : here 's the metadata found at /META-INF/com/android/metadata for the cm-7-20120624-nightly-shadow . zip where can be seen the reference to the cdma_shadow : post-build=verizon/shadow_vzw/cdma_shadow/shadow:2.2.1/VZW/23.340:user/ota-rel-keys,release-keys post-timestamp=1289194863 pre-device=cdma_shadow  and yet the information presented on the menu hover effect : besides from this , the cyanogenmod documentation , forums and wiki pages reveal no better insight and are mentioned to be outdated . this seams to be the best official justification for the build rename .
download bluekeyboard jp from the play store . this makes it a lot easier to set up a bluetooth keyboard . here is how to set it up : install the app . then go to settings > language and keyboard . check bluekeyboard jp and go into its settings , and then into bluetooth settings . enable bluetooth and scan for devices . make sure your bluetooth keyboard is on also . if you see it in the devices list , click it and then it'll ask you to enter a pin . just type 4 numbers ( 0000 or 1234 for example ) and press ok . once you do that , on your bluetooth keyboard , type the same number sequence and press enter and it should say your keyboard is " paired , but not connected " on your droid . go back and disable auto capitalization , select your keyboard in the selected keyboard tab and you should be good to go . to try it out effectively , disable your android keyboard ( or select the bluekeyboard jp keyboard in the input method tab ) and go into any app and select a text field and it should say that the keyboard is trying to connect in your notification bar . once it does , try typing and it should work ! the google play page has some reviews from droid x users saying it works just fine for them . that said , a lot of reviewers ( on various devices ) complain of unreliability .
the transfer was probably corrupted . the problem is probably with the host os , and not with your phone . what os and what program were you using to copy the files ? did you remember to " eject " the phone from the computer to make sure everything was synchronized ? are the files on the phone the right size ? if you plug the phone back into the computer can you look at them successfully there ? ( or try copying them off and looking at the copies . )
there is an app called mobileodin , which is able to flash your recovery from a running system .
there are several possible approaches to this . if you are using a headset ( which i assume you are ) , there are several apps for headset control allowing you to use your headset button for that ( e . g . one click = pause/play , double-click = next , etc . ) . on the other hand i have seen c locker is capable of exactly what you are asking for : using the volume rockers for that while the screen is locked .
if you have bought an unlocked phone then there is no issue of what kind of carrier you have and which country you are in . just connect to the internet and get an ota update from settings , provided they have rolled out the update to their customers in the country where you bought it from .
first of all , there is no equivalent of an ipod among the android phones . the most obvious reason being the fact that an ipod is not a phone in the first place : you can listen to music , play videos , games , and even call with some im services , but it is not a phone . the equivalent of android phones might be the iphone , for example . going to your question , yes . you can connect to any wi-fi , as long as you know the password , and download the applications . there is no hardware obstacle , if that is what you are thinking about . i think you will need to associate a gmail account , but that is the only requirement as far as i can remember .
the equivalent of an ipod in the android world would be one of these two : a handset with no telephony at all , this will be wifi only an example of this is the samsung galaxy player . a prepaid handset phone , this will still connect to wifi , but later on if you wanted , you could connect it to a phone network an example of this is the lg optimus v on virgin mobile . as long as the manufacturer supports it ( check the product page , but i think most do nowadays ) , you will be able to download apps from the google play store . you will also be able to download from alternate stores depending on the device . finally , i think all android devices can download from the amazon appstore .
yes : there are essentially three possibilities . wired headphones often have extra controls inline ( on the cable ) . you have to be careful when buying these : the way the controls signal to the phone is not standardized , so which one you need depends on who manufactured your phone . it is really easy to find " iphone-compatible " ones , but you may have to search hard to find one which claims compatibility with your manufacturer . in that respect , things have not improved much since the walkman days . bluetooth headphones can make this much easier . in bluetooth , the media control protocol is standardized , so any bluetooth headphones with volume and track controls will work with any phone that supports that protocol ( the remote control profile ) . pretty much all android phones do , but some of the extremely low-end chinese knock-offs might not . using the same bluetooth profile , you can instead buy a dedicated remote control . this might well clip onto the cable of your wired headphones , or come in a convenient form factor ( like flow 's pebble , which is a lot more general-purpose ) , but it is still one extra thing to carry around . happy shopping !
yes , it is : titanium backup can restore from nandroid backups ( which is what cwm created ) appextractor can extract individual apps/data from nandroid backups nandroid browser lets you . . . guess what : ) and then there is nandroid manager to browse them , restore single items , etc . further readings : the nandroid tag-wiki restore only part of nandroid image extract app data from nandroid / cwm backup
android 3 ( honeycomb ) offers full system encryption natively . however , as it is only for tablets at this point i will post some other avenues . there was some work done on this for the g1 using luks and cryptsetup . i think i have seen this on a moto droid rom too , but you will definitely need root . it is not trivial to do , and there is not too much interest so popular roms like cyanogenmod do not provide for this natively . there are some apps in the market that support encrypted file stores ( check out lock files ) . i have no idea how transparent that is on the system however . to your italicized point on remote wipe . there are many solutions for this . if you are using exchange you can push this with activesync , if not apps like lookout , and more provide remote wipe and other functions . there are even manual ways w/ dyndns and a listening ssh server . hope i was some help .
inside this question linked by gathrawn , there is a link found by noname : android - encryption motorola claims it will offer " file system level encryption for both internal device memory as well as sd card " , in early 2011 . this encryption seems to be exactly what i was asking for ( more details in the link ) . all that is left is to hope that motorola lives up to its promise .
to install the stock ics build : go to https://developers.google.com/android/nexus/images and choose your device ( mine , for example , a us nexus s that works with t-mobile , is https://developers.google.com/android/nexus/images#sojuimm76d ) , download the file , then download the surprisingly-not-very-large android sdk from http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html . run the sdk manager ( it is called " tools/android" ) which will open a gui ; make sure " android sdk " and " android sdk platform tools " are checked . you can clear other check boxes , since those will download very large stuff that you do not need . once you have got all that , follow the instructions in the tarball that you first downloaded ; roughly , you want to put the sdk 's " platform tools " directory on your path , power off your phone , then hold the power-up key and power it back on ( that'll get it to display the sekrit startup screen ) ; and then on your computer run " fastboot oem unlock " and then " flash-all . sh " . i have done this twice in the last few days ( for fun :- ) and while it may sound complicated , it is actually pretty easy and worked fine . ( i installed 2.3.6 just for the nostalgia of it and then installed cyanogenmod and then went back to stock 4.0.4 ) .
if you do not mind to end up with cyanogenmod9 ( ice-cream-sandwich ) : here 's the full update guide from cyanogenmod 's wiki : http://oldwiki.cyanogenmod.org/wiki/nexus_s:_full_update_guide here are builds ( go for release candidates or stable builds for cm9 ) : http://get.cm/?device=crespo recovery images are here : http://www.clockworkmod.com/rommanager/ flash via ' fastboot flash recovery [ recovery . img ]
your app does not do oauth/openid , instead it uses android 's integrated auth model via a special permission : YOUR ACCOUNTS USE THE AUTHENTICATION CREDENTIALS OF AN ACCOUNT Allows the app to request authentication tokens.  colornote , for example , does not need this permission and thus must get an auth token via the browser . it ends up in the list in the link you provided if you authorize it and you can revoke given permission for colornote via your assumed method . that is why you will not find google 's drive , youtube , maps and so on in the list either as they also use android 's integrated auth token permission . pro/cons : integrated : less friction for the user , depends on google apps and a google account openid : no google apps required , works with accounts from any openid provider ( see this site 's login support for any provider )
i found a reason of my problem . before installing android file transfer i installed kies . after installing aft i uninstall the kies . i understand that when i uninstall the kies uninstall usb driver too . so installed kies again and aft is working ! ! ! its really cool application !
did you try to set the usb connection mode to camera ( ptp ) mode or media device ( mtp ) mode ? might help to deinstall kies . the usb cable does work on another laptop/pc ?
you can not boot a boot disk for a pc on on android device ( which is not a pc ) . if you want to install ubuntu , ubuntu needs to support your device , and if it does , you can find instructions and all the files you need to download on the ubuntu website . obviously as this is an android site and not an ubuntu site , we can not help you with ubuntu installation , nor if your device is not supported . there is also an app " ubuntu on android " which gives you an ubuntu userspace , but running as an app on top of android . again , we can not help you with that on this site .
there are several gestures which are not really supported on mobile devices including right clicking , hovering and most keyboard shortcuts . it is up to website developers to recognize this when designing their user interfaces and either build in alternative gestures or simply rely on universal input methods like clicking/tapping . your best bet would be to contact the owner of the website you are having trouble with .
try uninstalling and then re-installing said app - be forewarned though that most ram boosters / memory cleaners are absolutely redundant in android . due to the nature of pre-loading your most used apps in order to give them better latency , there is little to no point of running these memory cleaners . in fact , by running them , you lose a bit of your battery as the os has to run the processor to select and pre-load other apps . yes - moving an app to the sd card usually prevents it from starting up at boot - this is also why widgets or apps that have some sort of notification / reminder / push message need to remain in internal memory . you can run a script ( if you are rooted ) or you can use an app like tasker / llama to run an app depending on a particular set of conditions .
i have thunderbird installed on my s3 phone .
mozilla have not created a thunderbird app , so you are not going to have that option . that said , there are dozens ( or more ) email apps in the play store . ( not to mention the stock email app that ships with the device . ) a large number of them can handle multiple email accounts just fine .
as far as i understand your question , you have successfully created an adhoc network on your nexus and your laptop is able to connect . now you want to create an adhoc network on your laptop and you want to connect your nexus to it . after doing some research , i have found out that android does not work ( well ) with adhoc networks . there are some custom roms which have enabled the ad hoc function . from what i have been reading , mako bb-8 and aokp will be able to do ad hocs . i think cyanogenmod has also a modified wpa_supplicant to support ad hoc networks . if you do not want to flash a custom rom , you could try to rip the wpa_supplicant ( from the same android version you are using ) from one of the custom roms mentioned before . you could also try to install wifi ad hoc enabler for android , which might work for you . if that does not work , you could try another method , which is harder . check it out here . i also found this , i do not think it'll work , but worth mentioning : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1591207
i have the same phone ( lg optimus l3 e400 ) , i have the same problem but i have found some sollutions , like the app directory bind which puts yours apps ' data to external sd card and make the phone understand it is still on internal memory ( the phone exess the apps using a new link made by db ) , the other way is to upgrade to android 4.0.3 with a custom rom available and use an app called " root external 2 internal sd " to do exactly what you look for , for flashing a custom rom you have to be rooted and take some risks , dont worry if you make a nandroid backup there wont be any probleme . i actually found another possible way which is modifying the vold . fstab ( must be rooted ) if you try copy the original vold . fstab to the same directory and rename it ( voldfstab . backup ) if there is a problem just delete the modified file and rename back your original file . i am a web developper not an android developper so this is the result of a lot of research and experience . hope i helped you .
system memory , internal memory is a mis-leading thing , its actually referring to storage space which is a very different thing to the meaning ram often referred as memory ! the reference to storage - system as in /system would be more accurate . when you download an app from the play store , it must be installed into the /data . from there you can actually move the app to the sd-card . on stock vanilla android , the option is there ' move to sd card ' . now by the sound of it , its as if it is indeed moving the app to the sdcard , but its not really a sdcard , its how an internal storage space ( think of usb flash drives ) , is treated as an /sdcard but in reality , you have internal and external storage , the latter being the actual micro sd card slotted in place . its a bit confusing how it works , from a developer 's perspective , when a check is carried out for an sd card , android seemingly " tells " the developer that the internal storage is treated as an /sdcard . also , to compound confusion even more , there is also a symbolic link to the real sdcard , /external/sdcard as well - this bit is dependent on what device/manufacturer is in question . yes , this is the expected behaviour , whichever storage ( from a view point of android and the hardware device 's file-system priority , is treated as " sdcard" ) . in short , nothing you can do , apart from using app 2 sd , but then again , that could fall into the same trap as i mentioned previously about the developer 's perspective . edit after the op has edited their question to include the device , after looking at gsmarena MEMORY Card slot microSD, up to 32GB Internal 1 GB storage, 384 MB RAM  yup , it looks definitely like as if the internal storage is treated in this fashion as an " sdcard " . . . the naming is misleading . what is really meant , is : internal ( phone ) storage 157mb , internal sd-card ( emmc ) 1024mb
i am using the same model lg l3 e400 . i have fixed this issue by rooting my phone and installing app2sd and some other apps are their for moving apps from internal memort to sd memory . i am currently using custom rom -- jellybreard 2 which is a stable one . . kudosss try rooting and install custom rom . . . happy rooting . . . : )
this is not an direct answer but will help you achieve your goal . the app link2sd extends ( actually preservers ) your internal storage by linking an app 's apk , dex , and lib file to a partition in sd card . you can use the app in rooted phone or you can contact the developer and ask him how he did it . he is very friendly . you may also want to check data2sd where the whole app is installed on sd card .
your command is wrong . it is not : mount --bind try this instead : mount -o bind the complete command is : mount -o bind /path/to/directory1 /path/to/directory2
from @eldarerathis -- do you have busybox installed ? have you tried mount -o bind /path/to/dir1 /path/to/dir2 ( i think the busybox version supports that on android ) ?
have you tried symlinking to the folder ? you can do this in the root explorer app , which does cost , sorry !
according to the google play business and program policies , you may re-install any app you have purchased , unlimited . ( also if the app has been updated since you bought it ) . based on my experience it works like that indeed : i have updated and re-installed paid apps without any issue . please note that the re-install/update also works on any other android device that uses the same google account .
when you download an app ( whether free or paid ) it is tied to your google account so you can get all updates for this app as long as the developer is maintaining it . every app has a package name . this can be something like com.touchtype.swiftkey  this is the package name for swiftkey . if you buy it * , the app is tied to your google account . you can download it any time on any number of devices that are linked to your google account and as i said above all updates are free . in case of swiftkey we already recieved two mayor updates ( x and 3 ) . if the guys at touchtype decided that they wanted more money from us they could not make use pay for updates for this app . there are however two options that they could take : make new features available as in-app purchases or release a new app , with a different package name . * you should . it is awesome .
go to settings-> applications-> dropbox-> clear defaults . you can then choose an app to pick a picture again .
you can post photos to twitter ( using a third party service ) and facebook with tweetdeck . tweetdeck is your social browser for twitter , facebook , foursquare and buzz . tweetdeck is your mobile browser for staying in touch with what is happening on twitter , facebook , foursquare and buzz . tweetdeck makes it easy to stay up to date and organized no matter where you are . ( a twitter , facebook , foursquare or buzz account is required )
on june 2 , 2012 , picplz announced that they would be closing permanently as of july 3 , 2012 picplz . not only does it give you a number of effects you can apply to your images ( like hipstamatic ) but also automatically posts to facebook , twitter , flickr , tumblr , posterous , foursquare , and can backup to a dropbox folder .
so i could not wait and went out and bought one . turns out gifs work relatively well . all of them animate . however , too heavy a page can really bog down performance . tumblr , for instance , only works well if i turn off unlimited scrolling . with only one or two gifs on the page , they animate well . with a large page , gifs will animate , but slowly while skipping some frames . all in all , it is a usable experience .
if you are in a hot area ( in a car , outside in florida ) this may happen simply because of the surrounding temperature . if this is happening regularly under normal conditions , you may want to contact your seller , as the problem is most likely with the hardware of the phone or battery .
appears to be a bug . the " make the recent apps button act like a menu button " setting appears to not be changing the appropriate values to inform apps that a permanent menu button exists and thus apps act as if it does not have the menu button . viewconfiguration is what handles that .
i have found that if i search for an address ( or other location ) , not too long after that i get a card with driving directions to that location . if i tap the card , i am asked if i " care about travel time to this location " . usually i say no , but if i say yes i will have a new card that gives me the travel time to that location , just like for work or home . in case you are wondering , the place to edit your work or home is Settings | My stuff | Places... . only home and work are available for me , but maybe they will add some more custom locations in the future .
in google maps , you can save locations as favorites . they will eventually show up .
there is a couple of different things going on here . the latter part of your question , the laptop-to-pc issue , is likely as you suspect — because the laptop is on a separate lan from the desktops ( each router being its own local network ) , neither side can browse for computers on the other . you very likely could access the wired pcs from your laptop , if you connected to them directly by ip address . ( say , by entering \\192.168.12.34\ into the windows explorer address bar , if that was the ip assigned to one of your desktops . ) it is merely the browsing and discovery functions which do not work , since they are confined to the immediate lan . not being able to browse for the files on your android phone , though , is an entirely different issue : you can not remotely access the files on an android phone , because android phones do not do windows file sharing — at least not by default . most likely , with your stock phone as configured by the manufacturer , the only way to remotely access its files is over bluetooth from a paired computer . es file explorer knows how to speak windows file sharing as a client , so it is able to connect to the files shared on your pcs . but to go the other direction , you need to install an app on your phone that'll act as a windows file sharing server . i am sure there are several choices available in google play . ( however , you should think twice or more before doing something like that . opening up remote network access to your phone 's files carries serious hacking and privacy dangers . it is not something to undertake casually . )
use teamviewer , the best tool also for other things ( e . g . remote control of pc from android device ) .
i do not know if it will help but give a shot to airdroid , it let 's you transfer files from android device to pc , connected over the same network back and forth . if the problem is not so complicated , this thing will handle it .
use z-device test app . check the gps signal , camera , compass , accelerometer , microphone , speakers , wifi signals , bluetooth , gsm / umts , fm radio , display , battery , cpu , memory , vibration , usb , audio / video , operating system , light sensor , proximity sensor , temperature sensor , flash sensor , nfc near field comunication , barometer , the detection of navstar satellites in the constellation jointly and individually , . . etc . .
this is what i did to solve this google forcing on me problem . this method will most likely void your warranty for your device proceed at your own risk . first of all my phone was already rooted so , i did not need to root my phone . so you will need to root your phone . you will need to install titanium backup on to your rooted phone and run a full backup of your phone apps . then you will need to look for a file called google contact sync and uninstalled/or freeze it . it is also wise to install droidwall firewall or even avast mobile firewall . now i have to do something about calendar syncing to gmail , none !
you can easily limit what data is synced by navigating to settings > accounts and sync . ( your menu may look somewhat different than this but should be similar . ) from there you can deselect background data , auto-sync as well as individual accounts such as your google ( @gmail ) , facebook , etc . however , i believe this will just prevent syncing from occurring automatically . if you open the gmail application , i believe it will sync your inbox/outbox/etc . but , if you are not using gmail , this would not apply to you . while you are at it , you can navigate to settings > connect to pc > default connection type . there you may have another option regarding syncing ( with a pc ) . i see " htc sync " but i am not certain what other manufacturers have in that menu .
in general , custom roms are free . to date , i am not aware of any custom rom that is paid ( at least for the custom roms i have used for my samsung galaxy s2 , s4 and nexus 7 ) . however , you can donate to the developers if you wish . rooting and installing the custom rom yourself is free , assuming you accept all the risks , which includes bricking ( or destroying ) your phone . if you are not confident enough to perform the rooting and installation of a custom rom , you can ask an experienced person to do it for you . of course , they may or may not request for payment .
this issue was solved under jelly beans .
i have the same phone . i had to do a hard reset . by doing this its like your phone is brand new straight out of the box . no mobile codes which pretty much leaves your phone open . when you get a new phone , they mess with it first before you get it in your hands . they put in codes for their network so all will work properly . when i did the hard reset i couldnt send mms nor recieve them either , but by downloading go sms , i looked at their settings and was able to get my phone right again . if you can not get into the settings to do the factory reset or anything else , then this is the next best option : to do a hard reset turn your phone off . turn it on again holding the power button and both volume keys at the same time until you see the samsung flashing logo . release all buttons and a little cute 3d android will show up . you then will have the option on what you want to do . remove your sim and sd card , or they will be erased along with your phone . your phone will be brand new again .
no , if you are running paranoid android you will need to wait for them to update to android 4.3 when it is released by google . you need to be on the stock rom to be able to install the update from " settings> about phone> system updates " .
i also use franco 's kernel and run pac , based largely on paranoidandroid . unfortunately you will not be able to do an ota update because it is not the root that breaks it , but the fact that you are really running a different kernel and os . ( in the case of pa , it actually automatically disables the ota update feature to keep stuff from breaking ) . that said , you can easily flash the 4.3 image using fastboot when it is released - but remember , you will lose all your pa and franco goodness ! paranoidandroid will be updated to 4.3 when the devs get to it , which should not take too long . i am just gonna wait for them personally . edit : also remember that your kernel is compiled for 4.2 , and probably will not work with 4.3 . you may have to wait for franco to update as well , or switch to another kernel .
android is not designed to let you control what is running and what not . a badly developed app can drain your power overnight . in such a case a reboot can improve the situation for a while . however if you encounter pre-installed apps running you never want to use you can disable them under settings -> apps . afterwards they can not be started anymore , neither manually by the user nor automatically .
f-stop media gallery does exactly that . you can preview photos and it has an on-screen 5 star rating and " favorite " button . unfortunately , the tags do not " stay " with the photo if you upload to google+ or facebook .
google search is the package that contains both google search and google now . i think you can disable google now while keeping the search part by going into Now-&gt;Settings-&gt;Switch Google Now (first item) . if it does not solves your problem , then you can disable google search in Settings-&gt;Applications-&gt;Google Search-&gt;Disable .
this is not an android question , but more like a generic mobile question . but to answer your question : yes , the old one will still work . sim cards are not tied to cellphones . so , you can always transfer sim cards to other phones that have sim card slots , assuming that the phone allows the network your sim card is for . i.e. if the phone is locked to a specific network , then only sim cards for that network is allowed . of course , you can remove this limitation by unlocking the phone .
yes , what cheuer said . installing an ota while you are running a customized rom in any way ( even just rooted ) pretty much always screws up root , sometimes even having a high risk of bricking your phone . never install an ota update while running customized software . if you ever want to go back to stock software , you need to go find the thread for your phone/rom that tells you how to do this . only after reverting back to stock should you attempt an ota install . lastly , note that after an ota update , you are not always guaranteed to be able to root your phone again . sometimes you are stuck unrooted .
i would recommend not installing the update while you have root . the manufacturer of the device could have changed something in the update which stops the root from working either intentionally or unintentionally . if this is the case there is a risk that the phone will be bricked ( i.e. . stop working ) . i would recommend seeing if you can unroot the device then perform the update and then put the root back on if you can .
you almost always lose root when installing an ota update . i would keep an eye on rootzwiki or droidforums for someone to confirm that it can be rooted or someone to release a rooted update .
you can check the battery temperature with " system info widget "
overheating . you may have used it intensely and when you lock the screen you then put it in ur pocket ? your phone will be overheating and restarting itself to stop damge to the circuits/processor . similar user issue here
to deviate from the generic notification ringtone , the app itself needs to support it . are you using the stock email and sms apps ? gmail , at least , allows for changing the notification ringtone that it uses . ( in fact , you can setup individual notifications by account by label . )
if i go to message - settings i see options to choose different ringtones . similarly if i go to gmail - settings - main account , i can see options to choose ringtones . but i am using htc desire .
make sure that you are using dhcp on your phone ; if you have a static dns set and it is the wrong one , you will not be able to browse the web . go to Settings-&gt;Wireless And Network-&gt;Wi-Fi settings , hit the context button ( or right click button , or whatever you call it ) , select Advanced , and make sure Use Static IP is unchecked .
first ensure the phone is using the right password for the network and try rebooting the phone . then play with with your ap , one of these at a time : reboot it ensure mac filtering is not on try disabling any firewall it might have ensure it uses channel 1 or 6 or 11 ( assuming you are in an 11-channel region ) try switching to 2.4 ghz if it is broadcasting on the 5.0 ghz band try switching from wpa to wep encryption or vice-versa try switching to or from mixed mode ( e . g . 802.11 b/g rather than just 802.11b , etc . ) if nothing changes , please provide your phone model and i will try to help further .
assuming that the smartphone connects to the ap as you say , try the following . take the ip of the phone . connect to the same ap your laptop run ping ip_of_phone from cmd ( if you are using win ) or from terminal if you can do a ping means that something is wrong , perhaps with the dns if you can not ping , probably something is wrong with ip assignment . perhaps a two devices have the same ip . a common mistake is that people assign an ip to an ap and do not exlude that ip from the dhcp pool of the router .
unless the firmware vendor has modified the function which checks the proxy bypass list , specifying ip address ranges in the list is not possible — all entries are compared like domain names . also the * wildcard is not supported , but is implied at the start of the domain name , as answered here ( still valid even for jb ) . so , if you want to use the builtin proxy support , you either need to list all required ip addresses explicitly , or , if your lan has a dns server , and all local servers are under some domain ( server.lan.example.com or server.local ) , add that domain ( lan.example.com or local for my examples ) into the proxy bypass list , then access local servers using dns names instead of raw ip addresses . alternatively , if you have a rooted phone , you can install a third-party proxy app such as proxydroid or autoproxy ; they should be more configurable than the builtin proxy support code .
i do not think it understands ranges in that notation , have you tried 10.* or 10.*.*.* ?
there is no such setting on android phones , but you can use the emulator for this . install the android sdk from developer . android . com and launch it . on the ddms view undet the Emulator control tab , you will find the following options : after you have created an emulator and ran it , you can set these values according to your preferences and test how different networks affect your site .
every mobile battery has an inbuilt thermistor , ( which is a transducer which varies its resistance with respect to its temperature ) with which the charging circuit constantly measures the battery temperature . it can even prevent charging the battery if the temperature reaches dangerous level and by controlling its temperature , the life of battery is increased . mobile battery has more than two terminals , one of which is for this thermistor . see the image in my question asked in this site .
you can get to the hidden http proxy settings via the ' proxy settings ' app . this should work for http sites and services but android does not currently allow https via proxy ! ? ! ( so no gmail or app downloads ) .
there is an outstanding bug on this , from november 2008 , with no sign of a fix . it is a real pita , and a really obvious issue .
it is not because of cracked screen . it is because something has broke inside , i believe that is causing the battery to lose efficiency . get it checked at the service center , it may cost you much for the screen , as much as half the price of the phone sometimes , so you may want to consider buying another , over repairing . your preference .
it could be that the visible crack is not the only damage to your phone . if a connector is shorting in the screen or another component , that could be draining the battery ( as well as generating heat ) . a short could also cause sparking around the damaged component , which will cause further damage over time . you should get your phone repaired . if you tell the mechanic that you broke the screen by dropping it , they will know to look out for other damage while they disassemble the device .
i just fixed it ! i am running a galaxy nexus phone with android 4.3 and i had a similar problem . in addition to saving words like " thibk " and " tou " ( go home , thumbs , you are drunk ) , it somehow ended up containing the word " theyre , " much like op 's " dont . " this drove me insane - how dare the great googly one tell me not to use an apostrophe ? it is my right as an american citizen ! anywho , i went to settings > apps > all > google keyboard and then uninstalled all of the updates to google keyboard , bringing me back to the stock factory settings . it did not delete all of my texts , nor did it mess with my personal dictionary ( "mutha***kin'" is still right where it belongs ) . i am also now running textra instead of swiftkey and i find it much cleaner and easier to use , but that is neither here nor there . anyway , good luck ! dont let them get you down , op !
i just worked out how to do this . if you open a text in messaging , then type the word that autocompletes , long hold , as gil noted , and then select delete , it will then remove all instances in other software . this also means you do not have to clear all your other , correct , auto-completes . i am using 4.4 on a s4
this is a strange solution but it seemed to work ( tested on android 4.4 ) : go to system settings scroll to accounts section click google under privacy section , click search under search and now cards section , click accounts and privacy scroll all the way to the bottom and click search engine storage click clear now try typing one of the words you did not want in your dictionary and it should not appear . it seems like google has not documented that their keyboard now uses suggestions from the personal/user dictionary , their standard dictionaries , and also from their google search and gmail suggestions . i think swiftkey only learns words from your email or texts when you explicitly allow it to . otherwise it learns from your typing . google 's keyboard should probably do that or at least make it clear exactly where the suggestions are coming from .
i fixed it ! the trick was to clear the cache and data for google keyboard . settings => apps => all* => google keyboard => {clear data , clear cache} * be sure to go to ALL instead of RUNNING . the instance under RUNNING will not give you the correct data clearing options .
i had the same issue and found it a couple of months ago . you should go to : settings > > language and input > > personal dictionary . choose the language which the incorrect word was stored and then a list of all personal words will be there . just choose it and then delete ( or you can also edit , it is up to you ) . this path was used for my nexus 4 4.4.2 kit kat ( the same of yours ) . other brand 's android version may be quite different .
i found out on my samsung note3 that i had to deselect the google voice guided ( my translation is " google spraakgesturud ty . . " after that i could hold and delete words from the dictonary .
long press on the word when you type it and see it above keyboard . you will be given an option to delete it from learned words . android 4.3
log in to your google account , use the play store or gmail app . go to settings > accounts and synch and then go to ' contacts ' and hit ' synch now ' . your contacts will be under your google account . the button may be called something different or just be a ' synch ' icon ( 2 curved arrorws in a circle ) but should do the trick . if you have any issues let me know and i will see what can be done !
most probably the test is inconsistent . have you tried repeating the test at least 100 times to have pseudo-valid statistic results ? and are you sure the emulator is a valid platform on where to test such low-level things ? it may be optimised for the dalvik vm . best guess is to try it on a real device , like the new nexus 5 or waiting for the nexus 4 and nexus 7 updates .
most of these permissions are used by google now and the new features they will be bringing out after google i/o and the upcoming android l release . i am not sure about why they need a lot of these permissions , but i will explain the ones that i know about . feel free to edit the answer to improve it . i have listed all the sub permissions as listed in the play store . device and app history retrieve running apps this is for an upcoming feature where google search results will point/link directly to apps installed on your phone . read your web bookmarks and history this is for making google now suggestions based on your web habits . for example , i get updates about fifa world cup scores because i have searched for them on my phone before . identity find accounts on the device should be related to the feature mentioned in " retrieve running apps " it is also needed to log in with your google account for the " commute sharing " feature , to access your web search history , and for app search , if you have any of these features turned on add or remove accounts read your own contact card contacts/calendar read your contacts mainly for google voice commands , such as calling a contact or sending them a message . modify your contacts read calendar events plus confidential information for reminding you about upcoming events . add or modify calendar events and send email to guests without owners ' knowledge location precise location ( gps and network-based ) approximate location ( network-based ) to provide location based suggestions , i get google now cards with places to eat nearby , weather reports , photo spots nearby , etc sms receive text messages ( sms ) send sms messages to send messages via voice commands edit your text messages ( sms or mms ) read your text messages ( sms or mms ) phone directly call phone numbers make calls via voice commands read call log photos/media/files test access to protected storage modify or delete the contents of your usb storage camera/microphone take pictures and videos record audio wi-fi connection information view wi-fi connections might be used for guessing when you are at home/work or maybe related to this device id and call information read phone status and identity other send gmail permission to write sound search matches preload results modify secure system settings receive data from internet choose widgets download files without notification read google settings disable or modify status bar contacts data in google accounts view configured accounts adjust your wallpaper size prevent app switches modify google settings set an alarm run at startup control flashlight view network connections prevent device from sleeping install shortcuts use accounts on the device change your audio settings read google service configuration modify system settings full network access pair with bluetooth devices access bluetooth settings set wallpaper send sticky broadcast connect and disconnect from wi-fi read sync settings control vibration
the problem lies in the number of rows on the screen . on the screenshot in the question , there are six rows designated for shortcuts and widgets . if the number of rows is reduced to five the music widget comes out as it should : screenshot ( click for larger variant )
yes : make sure adb is installed on your pc ( see e.g. is there a minimal installation of adb ? ) make sure you have usb debugging enabled ( settings &rarr ; development ) connect your device to the pc via usb on the pc , open a command prompt and type adb reboot recovery your device should now reboot into recovery mode .
if your device is rooted then you can download an application called quick boot from the google play store . check this https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.siriusapplications.quickboot this app will let you quickly boot your device in various modes ( including recovery ) . thanks
basically the proximity sensor gives 1 if it is covered , 0 if not . so you just want to use the state to detect it , then run a task for activating the password .
all android web browser do not support multiselect feature , so you couldnot select more than one picture or download links at same time and add them to download manager . selections limited only for text on web pages .
there is an app doing this on android : website downloader . you can easily download the page you want and view it offline on android devices .
personally i usually just click the link of the file and it downloads . as for the image : try long pressing but instead of choosing " save as " look for " copy link url " or " open in new window " or something similar to those two menu options . " copy link url " should copy the url of the file to your clipboard , then you can paste that link in the address bar and hit " go " and it should download your file . " open in new window " should essentially do the same thing ( i am just trying to give you as many options as i can to try ) . if you click on the link it may not take you anywhere but to a blank page while the file downloads . so to check your download list : you may have already tried this but to see if the file was downloaded you can open your browser , open the menu , then select " more " , you should see " downloads " . this is where your downloaded files list is . another way you could check is to look in the " downloads " folder on your sdcard ( /sdcard/downloads/ ) using es file explorer or some other file explorer . if this is not a solution let me know and give an example of what you are trying to accomplish and i will try to figure it out .
i have struggled with this same issue , though in my case i wanted to save a text file ( . txt ) that i had open in the chrome browser on android 4.4 . x ( kit kat ) . after reading this and other questions posted i realised that neither chrome , the google applications , nor the standard android tools would allow me to simply save a text file from a url . to save a text file from a url to the file storage on my android device i used the file explorer application es file explorer . within es file explorer there is a download manager that allows you to download any file from a given url to the file storage on your device .
what android os version are you running ? and what kind of file does the image link to ? on 2.3.4 the browser offers me " save link " and " save image " as two options when i click on an image that is a link ( e . g . on the image link to the main page at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/web_browser ) but in earlier versions of android it was different . e.g. in 1.5 , i just see " save image " and " view image " , so there is no direct way in the default browser to save the web page which the image links to . as matthew notes , the file type can also matter . on my 2.3.4 phone it asked me if i wanted to save a file for which there was no handler . e.g. for an xml file it said " the content is not supported on the phone . no application can be found to open this file . do you still want to download it ? " for earlier phones and some kinds of files you may need to install an app which can handle the file . " download crutch " is no longer in the market , but there seem to be others that would be suitable .
you can see the list of files you saved/downloaded in Menu &gt; More &gt; Downloads . all downloaded files are automatically saved in the /sdcard/download directory .
the android browser by default can only download files that the android system " recognizes " ( i.e. . , there has to be a program registered to handle that file type ) . it is a stupid restriction in my opinion , but you can install download crutch to overcome this limitation ( it registers itself for every filetype ) . if you are referring to images that link to something else and you want to save the something else , long-press on the image and choose " save link as " or similar .
figured it out . originally synced it with " my music " folder option and no playlists showed up . restarted with option of " itunes " and in a few minutes my playlists showed up without having to resync all the music .
usually , read-only memory is called internal storage , and the image of the phone 's firmware and os is the rom . ( that is how we do it on this site , anyways ) . so your internal storage is 2 gb , and your phone 's firmware and os is installed on that storage space . you can flash new kernels or entire roms ( kernel + other firmware + os ) as long as they fit on the internal storage . generally , this is not a problem ; you will not find a rom image for your phone that does not actually fit on your phone .
why dont you save message as memo . . . you can view anytime you want . . . and when you wish to send . . . simply go to that memo and tab their for 2 seconds . . . it will pop-up send-via . . . choose messaging option . . . and then send . . .
in handcent sms , you can save commonly used snippets as quicktext
for saving drafts , gmail and email both save drafts automatically when you leave the app or lock the phone . for sms , it should keep any text you have entered in the text entry field until you send or delete it .
most barcode readers can recognize addresses . for calendar entries , this might vary ; but give qr droid a try , which promises not only to read , but also create them : contacts , bookmarks , apps , geo-locations , events , and even sms can be encoded as well as decoded . also 2d barcodes ( on products ) should be supported .
after some investigation , i found out that the older groups are still in existence and the first person i had added in each of them , when they were created , became the admin of the groups . i had to ask them to add me back to the group .
i do not know if it is what you are after as it is a big commercial plugin that is unlikely to tell you much , but the flash player springs to mind as the only browser plugin that i know of .
at least one plugin exists . adobe flash . note that plugins and extensions are not the same . the default aosp browser does not support extensions .
yes , android has a command-line interface just like a desktop gnu/linux system . but because it is an embedded system without storage space to throw away on features most users do not want , there are not a lot of commands installed by default : just some specific ones used to interact with android services ( such as am and pm ) . because the manufacturer can customize the system image , there is no definitive list of what commands are available : it varies from device to device . to add more commands , you can install busybox , which is a single package containing a set of the most-used unix command-line utilities . there are several " busybox installer " apps on google play , but as it is open-source , you can also install it from f-droid or build it yourself from source . as you have already seen , there is a wide variety of terminal emulator apps . these run on your android phone and provide a window into which you can type commands and see the results . often they come with ssh clients and the like built-in , because the most common use for a terminal emulator on an android phone is to ssh into a bigger computer . in addition , running adb shell from a desktop computer that is connected to the phone via adb gives you a shell on the phone . you can instead run <code> adb shell command </code> to run <code> command </code> in a shell on the phone . neither of the above methods of starting a shell make you root by default , but if your phone is rooted , you can use the su command in the usual way to become root . whichever root manager you have on your phone ( superuser , supersu , etc . ) will probably pop up on the screen for you to confirm the root access . shell scripts run on android in the usual way , but as i have already mentioned , you do not get a lot of commands to play with by default , so many scripts written for desktop simply will not work .
try going to settings-> language and input figure out which keyboard is active and look for the settings page for that keyboard . look for settings like : " predictive text " , " auto punctuation " , and " auto capatilize " if you have any of those settings ensure that they are turned off . once you have done that test again . if you wish to use some of these features it may be worth it to try flipping them on one by one and figuring out which is the actual culprit that is breaking your links .
from reading what you have already tried , this sounds pretty much like a hardware issue failure . you may have : a broken wall charger a broken power plug or torn connection on the device side try replacing the charger or ( in the latter case ) pushing the plug a little ( to see if it then reconnects temporarily ) .
today i was able to load the battery to 100% after the pc was totally crashed due to low voltage . with a charger and a usb 5v/500 ma output ( carrera accessories for a helicopter ) this has worked normally . through the usb connection to another pc , i had reached only 50% . the representation of the charge and discharge in the diagram is now understandable and i can use the pc to normal . when using the main charging port with the same charger , burns the green light on the tablet and the battery will not charge .
the javascript engine in android 's browser/webview can be either javascriptcore ( lower end phones ) or v8 ( higher end phones ) . chrome also uses v8 . both engines are written in c++ . javascript is never compiled to java bytecode , instead it is interpreted and/or jit compiled into arm bytecode . my guess on why v8 on pc is much faster than v8 on android is probably because jit compilation to x86 is more mature than jit compilation to arm .
note : answering my own question as nobody knew . i did a packet capture after selecting menu -> accounts and sync -> auto-sync ( also accessible via the " power control " widget ) . what did i discover ? to my horror ( http requests from phone displayed below ) : and my contacts and calendar are being transmitted unencrypted ! i do not currently synchronize gmail so i could not say if that is unencrypted either . also the stock market application ( which must be a service because i do not have the widget displayed or the application active ) : completely unencrypted request for stock quotes : just think , you could sit in starbucks in the financial centre of your city and packet-sniff what quotes were important to all the smart phone users around you . . other items that were not encrypted : http request to htc.accuweather.com time request to time-nw.nist.gov:13 ( does not even use ntp ) about the only data that is encrypted on my phone are the mail accounts i set up with the k-9 application ( because all my mail accounts use ssl - and fortunately gmail accounts are , by default , ssl ; and yahoo ! mail supports imap using ssl too ) . but it seems none of the auto-sync'd data from the out-of-box phone is encrypted . this is on a htc desire z with froyo 2.2 installed . lesson : do not use phone on open wireless network without vpn encrypted tunnelling ! ! ! note , packet capture taken by using tshark on ppp0 interface on virtual node running debian connected to android phone via openswan ( ipsec ) xl2tpd ( l2tp ) .
results captured on an lg optimus v ( vm670 ) , android 2.2.1 , stock , rooted , purchased in march 2011 . as of today , the only unencrypted requests i could find in a pcap taken during a complete resync were : picasa web albums that is it . picasa was the only service i could find being synced unencrypted . facebook requested a couple profile images ( but did not pass any account info ) ; skype requested ads ; and tooyoou grabbed a new banner image . none of those relate to sync , really . so it looks like google 's syncing security has been tightened quite a bit . turn off syncing picasa web albums and all of your google data should be synced in encrypted form . market this bothered me a little : the return of this is a 302 moved temporarily that points to a highly complex download url : android 's download manager turns right around and requests that download location , passing the MarketDA cookie again . i do not know if there is any security danger from how market downloads apks . the worst i can imagine is that unencrypted apk downloads open up the possibility of interception and replacement with a malicious package , but i am sure android has signature checks to prevent that .
use titanium backup , which lets you disable/remove apps like that . or , flash a new rom that does not include gapps , download a gapps package and remove the play store , then flash that modified package .
i have discovered a solution for this problem . the only apparent way around it is to change the keyboard from the default keyboard to the swype keyboard . click here if you would like to know what swype is ; at first i was a little dubious , but it really is quite marvellous and accurate ! why this resolves the problem , i do not know , but i am just happy that it does and am certain that this will provide some respite to those of you who are also experiencing this annoying problem .
ok , i finally found it . i need to click on " edit/modify " close to the e-mail addresses in the google account setting https://www.google.com/settings/ then the hidden nickname option appears . thank you for your suggestions .
change your nickname in your google account settings .
try touchdown . their feature list includes " email folders " and allows for rules/filters ( per this thread ) . if you like it , make sure to buy a licence before the 30-day trial is up . i am not an exchange-on-android user myself , but of those i know who are many prefer touchdown .
you can find your cached videos here : /data/data/com . facebook . katana/files/video-cache nb : to open that path , you will need your phone to be rooted and a root explorer
further to answer from @pratappatil who has given the android details . this is a convention in programming , specifically here java . the java tutorials package details give details and examples . with programmers worldwide writing classes and interfaces using the java programming language , it is likely that many programmers will use the same name for different types . in fact , the previous example does just that : it defines a rectangle class when there is already a rectangle class in the java . awt package . still , the compiler allows both classes to have the same name if they are in different packages . the fully qualified name of each rectangle class includes the package name . that is , the fully qualified name of the rectangle class in the graphics package is graphics . rectangle , and the fully qualified name of the rectangle class in the java . awt package is java . awt . rectangle . this works well unless two independent programmers use the same name for their packages . what prevents this problem ? convention . naming conventions package names are written in all lower case to avoid conflict with the names of classes or interfaces . companies use their reversed internet domain name to begin their package names—for example , com . example . mypackage for a package named mypackage created by a programmer at example.com. name collisions that occur within a single company need to be handled by convention within that company , perhaps by including the region or the project name after the company name ( for example , com . example . region . mypackage ) . for an alterative angle on this the stackoverflow quesion is around naming a hobby project . the nameing could be something like rossc.android.exampleproject since i do not have a domain of my own .
every android app has access to a file space in the /data partition that is private to the app . this is where the sqlite databases and user settings ( shared preferences ) reside . developer of the app does not have to worry about the naming convention or the location of the files they want to store as far as this private space is concerned . however , when it comes to storing data in sd card ( public space ) by an app the app needs to make sure that the folder created by the app is unique and not used by any other app or by the device user . android os ( androidmanifest ) identifies an app uniquely by their package name . which you can even find the playstore urls . example : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.dropbox.android therefore , developers choose to use these package names to create folders to avoid conflict with other apps . this way does not guarantee that there will be no conflict but it prevent it to a large extent . another reason is this : when user moves the the application data to sd card the data from the application 's private space is moved to the public space ( sd card ) . this private space is named in the following way:- example : /data/data/com . dropbox . android . so this is moved to /sdcard/something/com . dropbox . android
go to quarx2k . ru , and select one of the 2nd-boot folders . these work for both mb525 and mb526 . simply download and flash , making sure to wipe the system , data , and cache first . if you want google apps , go to goo . im and select 4.2 or 4.1 , depending on what version works . if you want a really stable version , select 4.0 or 4.1 . 4.2 was not developed on very much , but 4.3 works , i use it daily . it is not completely stable , but certainly usable . 4.4 works , but i really do not recommend it as of yet . hope this helps , message me if you want more information .
we have encountered this problem on a previous project i was on , a big banking application . for added security we made the app to automatically log-out after five minutes of inactivity . we found it disturbing for the user that android os would still show your personal account info in the recent apps overview . this would be visible until you really closed the app , rebooted your android or returned to the app and exited it on a screen without any banking info . after quite some research we found out that android ( since ics , so android 4.0 and up ) is using the internal screenshot feature to capture the screen for use in recent apps . there seemed to be no user option available to prevent this , only the developer of an app can restrict this . you can ask the devs of zdbox to include this feature in their app or options by contacting them at service@zdworks . com just a heads-up : if a dev does this , then the screenshot goes full black . we decided to offer a placeholder image instead , so it does not look bugged to the average user , see bottom app in screenshot below . hope this info is still usefull to you ! : )
you could use audio manager ( actually a app hider ) to lock apps , i have had no issues with it , it closes apps when you navigate out of them ( press home or recents )
what if you used tasker/locale with this plugin ? you could then turn off data using apndroid .
you should probably talk to your it department . they would certainly be able to help you , probably faster than you could get help on here too . they may also have some settings that are restricting unauthorized devices from connecting .
i was not able to connect to 802.1x networks when i had 2.1 on my phone . i do not think they were supported . i can connect now that i have 2.2 though .
osmand is the perfect software for this . i just had to download it from market , then download new york maps from the app , and then disable the internet connection from settings . mapdroyd did the same , though , after i checked it out .
google maps 5.0 has an offline mode that will allow you to view maps without an internet connection . google is now caching large areas on android devices based on what areas they frequently search in google maps from their android phone or tablet . this means people living in new york city , for example , will always have local street and area maps content . but if that is not satisfactory , there is always mapdroyd : mapdroyd stores map files locally on your device using our highly compressed and efficient micromap format which is designed and optimized for embedded devices .
take a look at these two transit map apps : nycmate and nyc bus and subway map both include bus maps for each borough which are detailed enough to get you around and incredibly useful if you find you have walked too far and you really want to sit your way back home .
here they say , installing samsung kies should solve the problem . i have not tried it yet , but it is available on samsung 's official website for their various phone models .
you can use either the way geff_chang suggested or use android service menus in the service menu , it is located at Software info -&gt; Phone info you can always use third party apps as well .
if an installation fails , the downloaded .apk might still be left in /data/local ( where the playstore app downloads it to ) . in that case , a simple boot should clear it up . as your device is rooted , you also could use a file manager to check that location , and manually delete the corresponding file . one more hint : to avoid the " insufficient memory " / " insufficient storage " error ( see : insufficient-memory , hover you mouse over the tag and select the " info " link for more details ) , which also might be responsible for failed installations , you will need at least 25mb free space on " internal storage " / " phone storage " ( that is , this amount should be available when the installation has finished ) .
try to clear your cache using an application like history eraser and to reboot all running applications using an application like fast reboot . this usually solves the problem . hope this helps !
deodexed roms do not have the . odex files integrated into the . apk 's , they are removed . what eldareathis meant in his answer to the other question is that the reliance of the . apk 's on the . odex files is removed ; some information is integrated back into the . apk , but not the actual . odex file itself . the deodexing section of this page has technical details : http://code.google.com/p/smali/wiki/deodexinstructions deodexed roms may be slightly slower because of this ; however i believe that as the dalvik cache is built up from using the rom , the performance gap is minimized .
is something like this available somewhere ? not at the moment , although there are a couple vim-style text editor : vim touch avim editor however these are currently implemented as an application , not as an ime . what would it take to develop it ? what places in android must be modified ? is there some easy plugin framework where you just fill in some functions and you provide a new text editing method ? android provides the framework for creating custom keyboard ( officially known as ime ) . anyone that is interested in creating a vim-style ime for android should check out creating input method .
i have also encountered this " bug " but with a $ character . whenever i typed $ it automatically inserted spaces before and after the $ character . my solution was to turn off " automatic spacing " on the samsung keyboard settings and this worked for me ever since .
in the comments , ce4 pointed out what was going wrong . a space gets inserted automatically after each exclamation mark ( and probably other sentence limiting characters like full stop , half stop or question mark too ) , resulting in an invalid password with a space char too much . whenever i enter an exclamation mark , i also enter the following character , use backspace twice and then enter the following character again . seems to be the simplest solution yet . samsung should consider turning off these weird auto-complete stuffs in password boxes !
i have managed to get access to the phone with a app called " ssh server " from the play store . it let 's you create the users , and from there when logged on to the server , i can su . i have managed to mount / rw with this access .
you first have to convert both dates to seconds using variable convert . then subtract those two values to get the number of seconds between the two dates and convert that value to the number of days by /24/60/60 ( hours/minutes/seconds ) . here is a sample task that illustrates using 08-01-2014 as %startdate and today ( %date ) which is 08-23-2014 as %today . the result is 22 days . a1: variable set [ name:%startdate to:08-01-2014 do maths:off append:off ] a2: variable convert [ name:%startdate function:date time to seconds store result in:%startdateinseconds ] a3: variable set [ name:%today to:%date do maths:off append:off ] a4: variable convert [ name:%today function:date time to seconds store result in:%todayinseconds ] a5: variable set [ name:%secondssince to:%todayinseconds - %startdateinseconds do maths:on append:off ] a6: variable set [ name:%dayssince to:%secondssince / 24 / 60 / 60 do maths:on append:off ] you could shorten this a bit by eliminating a3 and replacing %today with %date in a4 . also , you could combine a5 and a6 by using ( %todayinseconds - %startdateinseconds ) / 24 / 60 / 60 . i split it up only to show the individual steps better .
batteries degrade over time . my last phone ( samsung galaxy s vibrant ) would only charge to 93% . it would never charge higher than that . near the end of my use of the phone the battery would only last about 5 - 7 hours . this is with disabling gps , wifi , bluetooth . also , something has to be the " highest " user of the battery . since you disabled the stuff that is usually the big users of battery , something else is taking that spot . i would say try replacing the battery , you can get a new battery for the g2 for about $22 . see wikipedia info on lithium-ion batteries : charging forms deposits inside the electrolyte that inhibit ion transport . over time , the cell 's capacity diminishes . the increase in internal resistance reduces the cell 's ability to deliver current . this problem is more pronounced in high-current applications . the decrease means that older batteries do not charge as much as new ones ( charging time required decreases proportionally ) . high charge levels and elevated temperatures ( whether from charging or ambient air ) hasten capacity loss . charging heat is caused by the carbon anode ( typically replaced with lithium titanate which drastically reduces damage from charging , including expansion and other factors ) . a standard ( cobalt ) li-ion cell that is full most of the time at 25 °c ( 77 °f ) irreversibly loses approximately 20% capacity per year . poor ventilation may increase temperatures , further shortening battery life . loss rates vary by temperature : 6% loss at 0 °c ( 32 °f ) , 20% at 25 °c ( 77 °f ) , and 35% at 40 °c ( 104 °f ) . when stored at 40%–60% charge level , the capacity loss is reduced to 2% , 4% , and 15% , respectively . [ citation needed ] in contrast , the calendar life of lifepo4 cells is not affected by being kept at a high state of charge emphasis mine . but note that it does " not charge as much " . android will still report that the battery is at 100% because it is . it is charged to the full capacity that the battery can handle . this is why it does not seem to hold a charge for as long as it used to . your battery is over 2 years old . read this post from xda about li-ion batteries that it quotes this site as the source . your lithium-ion battery starts dying the moment it leaves the factory the fact is , your lithium-ion battery starts dying the moment it leaves the factory ! of course , the actual life-span of an unused lithium-ion battery can vary by a fair amount based on its internal charge as well as the external temperature . but suffice to say that you can expect to irreversibly lose 20% of a lithium-ion battery’s charge every year from its original date of manufacture . other things can even make these numbers worse . like frequent discharges , keeping the battery in non-optimal temperatures and leaving the battery " sitting " idle for periods of time .
try starting your galaxy tab in download mode . this is done by completely shutting it off , and then holding both power and volume down buttons together until a big yellow sign with a droid holding a shovel appears , with " downloading , do not turn off target " message underneath . if so , you can try flashing the stock rom via odin or heimdal utilities . you can find the detailed instructions on the development section of xda-developers forum .
encdroid available from google play store , can do what you want with dropbox : encdroid is a file manager application for android devices to keep your files encrypted on dropbox or the local storage of the device . it is compatible with encfs so volumes created with encdroid can be accessed on windows/macos/linux desktop and laptops and vice versa .
boxcryptor is in alpha stage now . https://market.android.com/details?id=com.boxcryptor.android
have not tried it yet , but cryptonite may be an option : http://code.google.com/p/cryptonite/ currently beta .
you did not explicitely mention it , but from the context i assume you are using a device with android 4.4 ( kitkat ) . with that , google " pimped " the dialer . phonearena writes on this in an article called google makes the dialer awesome again : this is why you want android 4.4 kitkat : i think the best new addition though comes in the changes to caller id , because that has been supercharged with google as well . now , any time you call a number , or receive a call from a number that can be matched to a google maps business record , google will show you that business name , and possibly a picture ( though that part of the feature has been a bit dodgy so far ) , instead of just the phone number . this means far fewer mystery phone numbers in your call history , and if you are like me , it means even more than that . ( emphasis mine ) also see android 4.4 kitkat dialer will add google+ caller id and enhanced search options for a second source , and androidpolice 's google does caller id : kitkat 4.4 matches numbers against google places , and starting in 2014 , google personal accounts for a third . if it is not that , you most likely have a callerid app ( pre- ) installed which does the same : matching numbers of incoming calls against some online database .
probably this is because the network you are on is using nat . because of the world shortage of ip addresses , most networks ( mobile networks and wi-fi ) do not issue you a globally routable ip address . they just give you an address that only works within that network . network address translation ( nat ) is a way of letting all those devices on the network talk to internet , by using something like a proxy server that relays the connections . when you connect to a site outside the network , it sees the connection as coming from the nat server ( gateway ) , so it will show you the gateway 's ip address .
woah ! i am not entirely sure what happened , but it suddenly started working again - i now have cm 11 up and running . here are some notes on what i was doing which will hopefully be helpful for someone else who has the same problems i did : first off , i was running windows 8 in a parallels vm . i do not know if either windows 8 or the vm was the culprit , but either way , it was silly and probably did not help things . getting adb and fastboot up and running in os x seemed to make a difference . also , there is a chance that there were some problems with directory partitioning/formatting - it suddenly started working after i wiped the system a few times with twrp ( wipe > format data ) and rebooted . obviously you will lose everything , but better to lose a few files and get your phone back ! other info that i found that was not relevant to me but might make a difference : apparently usb 3 can cause issues - try different usb ports , particularly usb 2 over usb 3 . windows 8 may not play nice - try windows 7 or xp ( or linux ! )
after the phone boots normally , go into the settings app . choose sd and phone storage . the last item on the next screen is factory data reset .
if your phone boots as normal then yes , you are missing the menu you need . when you continue to hold the vol down button as it powers on you should see the white boot screen show in this youtube clip ( it is not in english but the process is the same ) . once you reach that menu you will find the instructions you linked to helpful .
you should be able to wipe via the recovery however , this will wipe all the data on the device including contacts , apps , pictures and videos . turn the power off . if your htc desire is frozen , pull the battery out and reinsert it hold the volume down button press and release the power button you are now presented with a menu that allows for fastbook , recovery , clear storage , and simlock select recovery on the next screen press volume up and power you should then see the " android system recovery " select the ' wipe data/factory reset ' option you may need to confirm your choice ( i do not want to wipe the device i have so not 100% sure )
take the micro sd card out if it is in . worked for me .
you must try via odin like tool but for odin you must download official android version from any site but your data lost and phone is totally hard reset
to copy from al 's answer here : if there is an official update to android 2.3 ( check the post on gingerbread updates ) then you will get a notice on your phone ( eventually ) . just follow the instructions . if there is not an official update and you do not want to wait for one , you will need to root your phone and install a custom rom .
to check for phone updates , go into applications > settings > about phone and tap system updates or check for updates . however , if a new update comes out , then you should get a notification informing you so and giving you update instructions . if you root your phone , then you could install unofficial updates that are not from t-mobile . there are instructions at http://forums.androidcentral.com/t-mobile-optimus-t/43138-how-root-lg-optimus-t.html if you want to do so .
unlikely to be possible in this context , as dalvik cache has a fixed system-wide location ( /data/dalvik-cache ) . so you cannot have " linked apps place their dalvik cache directly on sd " . either all or nothing . take a look at the app2sd tag-wiki for alternative approaches which might allow to move the entire dalvik cache to your sdcard . but a selective move imho is impossible . remark : an exception to this general rule are odexed roms , where the .odex files sit in the same place as the app , at least for system apps . so there might be a way to do the same for " user apps " which i have missed . )
it was current data usage from settings > data usage > show on lockscreen .
try clearing the data and cache of the gallery from app manager of your phone 's setting .
total noob with this stuff myself , i have been reading around , some applications given access like admin ( ? ) , will have been allowed to install in critical locations to do the special tricks they do . to fully remove these applications the special permission change made has to be disabled by the program first , then the program itself can be uninstalled . if the program was allowed ( the special permission ) to make changes to critical section , then removed without the permission , it is possible for critical changes to be left . ( source : fails done by commenters in google play store ) anytime these high permissions are allowed , and these changes made , it should be turned back off first in the program , prior to uninstalling the program , or unexpected things could occur . it is possible that a cool trick software has been installed , and forgotten , or not un-installed properly . maybe an app that turns the screen on or off based on sencors or cameras , or phone or messages , like the proximity , or a shake , docking ? that the application has made changes , or even changes to more critical areas . lock screen app , lock screen customiser , launcher , special trick home changes , there are hundreds of less documented tricks . there are " safe mode " ways of getting into the phones which keeps 3rd party items from operating , the stackexchange-url android site has lots of information on it . also the search of stackexchange-url bootloop . we know you do not have a boot loop , but you still cant do much when this happens , so some of the boot loop information could be applied , which is this safe mode . different phones use slightly different methods for getting into the safemode , adding to the fun , finding an expert with the same phone might be a thing to do if you wanted to access safe mode .
pressing and holding the phone 's power button for a few seconds might do the trick . it switches off my android phones .
that is possible . just create a filter where mails from the adress xyz immediately will be deleted . as soon as you want to receive the mails again just delete the filter . ( when you create a filter in the gmail web interface the filters take effect everywhere ; on your galaxy , too . )
basically you would take a nandroid backup ( which is a image of your device as it is ) immediately after you root your phone . then at any point in time you can revert back to this backup , and unroot your phone . also : clockwork recovery will actually let you push an unrooted stock image of android back onto your droid phone . as to bricking : you should be able to get yourself out of any tricky situation you might get yourself into . but if you follow all instructions , etc . you should not have any problems . if you do have problems , try googling or referring to the xda forums ( the people there really focus on mods , hacking , etc . for android phones and might be able to help you out ) . there are only a few ways to really brick your phone ( installing the wrong cell radio for the phone would be one , for example ) .
check out are there any risks to rooting a device ? and unroot a device without wiping and how easy is it to return to stock after rooting with unrevoked also , if i were to " brick " my droid is there any means of bringing it back to life ? it depends . there is bricking , and then there is really bricking . if i were to root and then wanted to unroot later on for some reason would my phone return to the state that it was before i rooted ? not completely -- but you can unroot it -- that is , revoke root permissions . if you used root to uninstall oem apps -- those are still gone . if you installed apps that require root , those will not function w/o root permissions .
t-coil is a function of the phone hardware . it requires the speaker to be rigged in a specific manner to allow it to inductively couple with the coil in the hearing aid , though there exist telecoil adapters such as the music link for devices without such support . you can often find listings of what devices offer what kind and level of support for hearing aid compatibility on carrier sites , such as these listings from at and t and verizon . the ctia also has a more general database ( though it seems to be experiencing issues at the moment ) for finding devices with all types of accessibility features , including hearing aid compatibility , as well as information on accessibility services offered by carriers , and more . the global accessibility reporting initiative operated by the mobile manufacurers forum offers a similar service , though more global in scope , for finding devices with accessibility features the m and t indicates whether it supports acoustic coupling ( which tinkers with the sound to allow a hearing aid to pick it up more easily ) or telecoil respectively and the number indicates how good the support is , on a scale of 1 to 4 , with 4 being the best ( though ratings of 1 and 2 are pretty much never seen ) . as a general rule , telecoil is just about always better than acoustic , regardless of the numbers for each .
haptic feedback is still there . go to settings > my device > sound and it should be around the bottom of the options . it is labled haptic-feedback your keyboard should have its own option , but it depends on the particular keyboard . samsung keyboard : click on the ' cog ' icon beside the space bar . click ' vibration ' . swiftkey : settings > sound and vibration > keypress vibration .
whn u want to type , there is the choose option input method that comes on the crossbar . . click it then click setup input method then click the setting on samsung keypad then scroll down to advanced option . . click it then disable key tap sound . . that easy
is your nexus 4 100% stock ? ( i.e. . no xposed module changes , or low-level tweaks like status bar mods and dpi changes ) . verification will fail if the system files on your device do not match factory/the expected ones . i had this happen to me several times with both my n4 and n5 . reverting the changes i made ( thankfully , they were not too many ) fixed it .
you can use the nexus factory images to upgrade your phone to android 4.4 ( now 4.4.2 ) . to do this have a look at this question .
it is common for websites to look different on different browsers . some websites might almost totally loose intended functionality according to which browser a user is using . the author often tests his site to make sure it looks the way he wants it to on various browsers by actually testing the browser . when , because of the difference in browsers it does not have the best display , the author may specify which browser its optimized for . i do not know if it is in this particular case , but at times the website developer will actually test for which browser is being used and implement various features according to the type of browse results . many browsers has a feature to actually announce the type of browser so that it may take advantages of certain options that the author may not expect available in a different browser type . because of these differences users often reserve specific browsers based on how a site might appear in that browser . i just looked at the site on four different browsers on my computer ( opera , firefox , chrome , and midori ) . the site looked basically the same on all four . this might be a results of my general settings preference for the four browsers . another factor is the android version of the browsers has their own feature list to to enhance sites to be optimized for the hand-held . you can experiment with the options on your android to change the appearance . updated info based on comments : many times the android browser will try to find a mobile version of it site . if one exist it may use that one . it is possible that the site is providing an incomplete flawed mobile version . ultimately the resolution is to communicate with the support people of the site and describe the problem/flaw . you will have to as you have just learned , test a different browser when you think something is malfunctioning . sites looking different on different browsers or devices is more common than you might think . this is why when you contact a site for support one of the first things they ask you is which browser are you using . they will also eventually ask you which os are you running .
this warning is only meant for people to not turn off the device during the flashing process . if you did not start flashing an image to this tables , and do not plan to - it is perfectly safe to power off the tablet . holding the power button for around 10 seconds should cause the tablet to turn off . you can then turn it on normally again , without touching the volume buttons .
if you are using the in-built ( stock ) messaging app , see if there is an option in the settings similar to what you have described . by default , only contacts with mobile numbers should be shown . alternative messaging apps like gosms and handcent also have an option to restrict contacts with mobile numbers . in gosms , it is in the sending section of the settings .
i had similar problems . finally i just decided to unlink all my contacts from both gmail and facebook and whatever else , android want 's to sync contacts with . basically turn off any contact sync you may find on the phone . then backup and clean out or delete the entire address book . ( do the same with " new " phone contacts in gmail , which usually gets doubled . ) here is a long guide how to manually backing up all your contacts and emails to a csv file , and how to import them again . you can then use the same csv file to import your contacts into gmail afterwards . " about contacts import/export , backup/restore and data/sync " hope this helps .
from within the stock android environment , you can at least force contacts to the voicemail . it is not possible to block sms directly , at least not without root ( to my knowledge ) . i have a nexus 4 , so your options might differ from what i have . if you go in the people app , you will be able to find your spam contact . in the top-right corner , you will have the ⋮ button ( or the menu button on the device ) . there will be an option " all calls to voicemail " . if you check this , all numbers within that contact will be sent to your voicemail and will not vibrate/alert you .
connect your phone open the windows device manager open each relevant device ( if more than one is shown ) , choose " update driver " , and select android_winusb.inf
i also contributed a lot of time to the adb problem . ( galaxy p7510 vs win7 64bit ) after struggling with non-offical drivers , android_winusb . inf , 64bit jdk , and even having virtualized a 32bit os . . , finally i found a work-around ! just come back to share with anyone concerns . reference : connect to android with adb over tcp the above instruction requires a pc which can adb to your tablet over usb . better work-around is root your device firstly , and then download a adbwireless utility , so you can switch your tablet to adb tcp mode even without usb connection at all . hth !
first got to the driver installation settings . it should ask you if you want windows update to automatically install your drivers . choose " no " ! ( you will be turning it back on when done so do not worry . ) second go to system properties and in the upper left click on advanced system properties . click on environment variables and create a new one . you want your variable name to be devmgr_show_nonpresent_devices and the value to be 1 . third head to the device manager and under the view tab check " show hidden devices . " now uninstall all the android related drivers , especially the ones whose icons are gray . restart your computer but do not change your settings back yet ! instead open a command prompt window in the folder that houses the android drivers ( . inf files ) you wish to manually install . now copy the following and paste it into the command prompt and change the part at the end that reads &lt;file&gt; to the name of the driver .  rundll32 syssetup,SetupInfObjectInstallAction DefaultInstall 128 .\&lt;file&gt;.inf  if your mouse spins for a second and your desktop icons flash it is a successful install . you get a message if it is not . repeat for all drivers . change back your device installation settings to " yes " and go about your business cause we are done here ! now you can attach your phone to your computer .
as far as i know , whatsapp requires a mobile device with a phone number . the idea being that your phone number becomes your whatsapp account id . should your phone number change , you get a new account . just like if someone needs to call you up , if someone needs to message you on whatsapp , they will need your new phone number . if , after getting a new cellphone account or switching carriers , you want to retain your whatsapp account , you will need to have ported your phone number through your new wireless carrier . although , in some countries , you are entitled to a port , depending on the place , you may have to hefty pay fees , wait varying amounts of time or just be unable to port your number . in all cases , though , you will need to arrange the port prior to canceling the old number . when you think of it , not much is associated with your account . it is just : undelivered messages . your status message . a bunch of info you do not have access to that the company 's no doubt selling to advertisers :- ) your pending balance , if you paid for the service . if your concern is your balance , you may want to contact whatsapp directly on this . they may have a way to transfer this to a new number .
there is no such feature on android natively . however , there are quite a few " automation " type apps that can do this for you . some of the better known ones are tasker , automateit , locale and llama . all of these allow you to define a trigger ( e . g . " charger plugged in " in your case ) and set up various actions such as toggling settings . keep in mind that most of these apps require excessive permissions in order to be able to change system settings ( and some toggles even require root . ) also , some manufacturer ui overlays and custom roms allow you to set up profiles with different settings . switching these profiles is either a manual process , or does not provide such granularity in configuration as the automation apps .
you can identify the app responsible by long-tapping the notification and clicking " app info " on the pop-up menu .
i have fiddled around and found that altering the decode mode from hw to sw or system player in bsplayer fixes the issue ! this also works for mxplayer too . this results in the correct video ratio although it is not full width on a 1080p tv ( just like my desktop ) it is at least not stretched . i still do not get why google play movies can play its native videos full width on my tv .
so turns out some of the email settings got munged and it was simply a matter of deleting the account info from the phone and then adding it in again .
against common sense , google and htc decided that the dock and n1 phone would use a proprietary method to set up the bluetooth connection . but if you can work around that annoyance , it is still a simple bluetooth connection . here are the steps http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=43401809postcount=25 ( i will not copy here because i am on mobile . anyone feel free to edit it ) it involves using the linux shell on your n1phone . sorry if you can not do that i doubt there is a solution . ( i may write an app if a see myself doing that often tho : ) as a final lesson , do not buy stuff from those companies again if you want standards , convenience and interoperability .
after some searching and trial and error , i could run replay . exe from reran , without rooting my device . for some reason i could not copy and exectute replay . exe to/from /data/local as the original article suggests , but i could do it to/from /data/local/tmp . i tested it on 3 devices . htc-one mobile , google nexus 7 tab , samsung galaxy tab 10 . here are details . i had to enable developer option and enable usb debugging install usb driver for android on my windows 7 once i see the device in adb run following commands . \adb . exe push replay . exe /data/local/tmp/ to copy the binary . \adb . exe shell /data/local/tmp/replay . exe to run the binary now one thing i cannot understand but why does it run when copied to /data/local/tmp ? is it a security hole or debugging aid ? or writing to /dev/input/event* really do not need root access ?
the colors of the rings will change gradually as they move around the clock . if you have seconds enabled you can see it pretty easily over the course of the minute . specifically , the color of the ring seems to progress through the spectrum of visible light in order from lowest frequency to highest . that is , it goes in the same pattern as a rainbow 's colors : red-> orange-> yellow-> green-> blue-> indigo-> violet ( roygbiv ) . then the cycle starts over again near the top of the clock . that is how it looks on my phone , anyway . i am not 100% positive if the other rings follow the same color pattern or if it is just the seconds ring , but the inner rings seem to be properly colored for their lengths ( as in , at the point where the seconds ring reaches the end of one of the inner rings , they are both the same color ) .
although the number that is making the call ( initiated ) is a random number , be assured the number that shows on their caller id is your google voice number , unless you have a different setting in your voice . google . com set up or on your phone . i noticed mine did this too when i called out from my phone the other day , but my client saw my gv number chad
assuming this is google books , this behavior should not carry on past these few books . alice 's adventures in wonderland , great expectations , and pride and prejudice are downloaded by default , to give a feel for the program and some reading examples . no additional books will be downloaded without your telling the application to do so .
haha i too just had the annoying google downloading books taking up space on my droid , here 's how you delete them , to delete a book in your collection of books ( including these automatically downloaded books ) , select the menu icon located alongside any book in your collection then select delete from library ( problem solved ! hahaha ! google we do not want these books forced upon us ! ) . i found this info here : https://support.google.com/googleplay/answer/2851658?hl=en-gb
ok just found it . in wifi settings press and hold the connected network you want to set ip to . pick modify network and in there you scroll down , to dhcp settings and pick static and scroll down to et your ip . kinda complicated comparing to non sense android . o well . hope that helps op or any other fellow searcher .
you probably do not have htc sense ( you are using other rom ) . hence you do not have those settings . i use hox with sense as well as op myself , and i do not see any options there to set a static ip . htc seems to have disregarded those settings . ( ics 4.0.4 )
in my htc desire i find it under : settings-> wireless and networks -> wifi settings press menu and select advanced here i can see option to use static ip by selecting " use static ip "
i had the same problem , it was unbearable . i tried many other things but no solution . finally , i downloaded and installed " cloud magic " email app and it works very fine .
not sure if this will work on the s4 , but it seemed to do the trick with my wife 's s2 , and my s3: change ' recent messages ' ( email account settings ) from 25 ( the default ) to ' total ' .
i had the same issue . galaxy note client and webmail client showed they were read but s4 said i had 500+ unread . i went into my webmail client and selected all and forced it to mark all as read . a couple of seconds later all the messages on my phone showed as read and number went to zero .
i had the same issue with my nexus 4 and its definitely a hardware issue for sure . . . avoid factory reset and rebooting of your phone becoz it wont change anything . . but on a temporary basis u can put the display setting of auto rotate on and when there is issue to swipe in portrait you can auto rotate your screen in landscape through an app swipe it and three four time down and then it would start working in portrait form also .
this is a hardware issue most likely . the only way to solve this would be to send the device back to the manufacturer .
that is the thing about the android os . a " quit " or " exit " button is not really necessary . why ? because the operating system automatically kills applications that are no longer used . for this same reason , there is no need to install a task killer or similar . when you are done with an application , the os will clean things up for you so you do not have to worry about it .
bryan 's answer is correct . however , if you do not want to wait for the os to kill something , you should use a task manager ( different from an always-running task killer ) . one is built in to the 2.2 rom on my galaxy s , and you can get to it by long-pressing the home button . i have used this for frozen apps and for when the os has not quite realized it needs to kill something so the in-focus app does not lag . additionally , you can set how aggressive your os is in killing idle apps . i do this on my phone using ryanza 's one click lag fix ( the lagfix is just for the galaxy s , but i am not sure if the app-killing settings can be used on other devices ) .
i would recommend advanced task killer , which does a great job of showing you which of your apps are currently running and giving you a one-button solution to stopping any that you want .
native google apps do not use password ( which you entered before activating 2-step authentication ) everytime to log in . they only need it for the first time . after the first authentication , an Auth. Token is downloaded which is used for subsequent logins . as this auth . token is not your main password , verification code is not required at all . so , your apps continue to work without asking anything . to invalidate this auth . token , you will have to change your main password . do it and you will be asked to enter password in android device . and , this time , your main password would not work . you will have to generate and use application-specific password . native google apps do not prompt for verification code . they only seek passwords which would let them authenticate .
the likeliest culprit for your high latency is first and foremost the fact that you are using a wireless carrier 's network , which are notorious for their high ping times . switching from one carrier to another probably would not solve your problem , and even if you went from a 3g contract to 4g you probably would not see that much of an improvement , especially as more and more people start buying 4g capable devices . additionally trying to do something as data-intensive as play world of warcraft over your cell carrier 's network is never going to feel right . games like that rely heavily on low response times and are best left for wired broadband connections .
no , amazon does not charge again for apps you have already purchased . you are misunderstanding the message that pops up . when they say " please find it in my apps " they do not mean in your device 's app drawer , they mean within the appstore . while you are still within the amazon appstore , do the following : open the side drawer ( by sliding it out from left to right , tapping the amazon logo on the upper-left corner , or simply pressing the menu button ) : select the " my apps " option which is under the " library " section : tap on the " cloud " tab , and all of your previously purchased apps will be there , with an option to install on your new device : you may need to refresh the list if it does not show up .
i have got a reply from es file explorer team , they said that the " share by lan " feature in the " share via " is not for sending files to the pc , it is for sending files to other devices which has es file explorer running on them , on the same network . i have requested a new feature that allows you to send to the pc through share via , but if they decide to build it , it may take a while still before it is out .
i do not know if this was added in a recent release of es file explorer , but you can share to computer with : Share via -&gt; ES Save to... -&gt; Click on the header (under "Choose path")  your lan shares should appear there .
annotations are unfortunately not supported on android at this time : notes annotations appear on standard youtube players and embedded players . annotations do not appear on custom youtube chromeless players . annotations do not appear in video playbacks taking place on mobile , tablet and tv devices . someone from google has evidently acknowledged this feature request , but i do not believe there is any kind of timeline for its implementation ( or official word that it , in fact , will be implemented ) .
samsung 's ota updates are carrier-based , as usual . kies updates are usually regional , but not particularly restricted ; you can usually select a different region when installing kies and get updates from there . kies updates are up to samsung , though they would probably work with carriers on it to ensure it works well and whatnot . ota updates are controlled by the carriers , though of course they rely on samsung to actually produce the update . there is being some speculation that google wants to break the carriers ' tight control over this ( and pricing , etc . ) but in general samsung et al . do not want to get on their bad side .
the check digit of the imei is invalid , and usually the imei cannot be changed , or in come countries it can even be illegal . for more information , see how the imei is formed and the check digit is calculated here , or see a related question here . there are ways to recover an imei on android devices , but for this you had need a backup of some files from when the imei was not invalid .
no , nothing will be deleted if you chose to " unmount " first . as your device was not detected , it should not even be mounted , so there is nothing that could " break " . a short explanation on that " mysterious unmount " , though : if your device is " mounted " ( i.e. . you can access its files from your computer ) , for faster reaction and other performance reasons all data transfered is " buffered " ( instead of being written to the storage immediately ) . so " unmounting " tells the system to " flush " those buffers , and thus " commit " ( write ) all buffered data to the storage . if you would simply " plug the line " without unmounting first , not-yet-written data were lost . imagine what that would mean if some larger file was only written partly ( it gets corrupted ) , or if you moved files to the phone which where not yet written at all ( they are " lost in space" ) . so it is always a good safety measure to " unmount " first before plugging out the cable .
the easiest solution is to not have a credit card linked to their account . even if you did still have a pin for protection , they could still use the card online with any place that takes google wallet . the pin ( and now password ) really only protects purchases from the device itself . there are a few options that come to mind for them to have paid apps : second google account one option is to add your google account to their phone , and use it for all the purchased apps . when they want to buy an app , they switch over to your account , and then you put in your password to buy it . the downside of this method is that they could easily change the sync settings so they get your contacts , email , etc . temporary second google account alternatively , you could temporarily add your google account , make the purchase , then remove the account . the purchased app will remain on the device and should work , and they will not have access to sync data . but the app will not get any updates , and you will have to do the same process any time they want another app . third google account or you could create a third google account that only is used for purchased apps , and not for emails or contacts . they would still need your password to buy the app , and you would not have to worry about them activating sync for your information . and since the account would remain on their phone , their paid apps could be updated as well . prepaid/gift card another option is to put a prepaid card , or a google play gift card ( min $10 ) , on their account . they can purchase up to the limit of the card , either for paid apps or in-app purchases . alternative app stores you could also try using a different app store , such as amazon 's app store . it has most of the apps that google play store has . it does not have pin/password protection for paid apps ( but it does have that option for in-app purchases ) , but amazon gift cards can be bought in denominations as low as 15 cents . you could just buy the specific amount to cover the app they want , then gift it to them so they can buy the app .
i would check Settings --> Applications --> Running Services first . see anything there that looks rogue ? consuming a lot of memory or the process seems hung up ?
i ended up spotting the offending program via battery usage . there was one app that was showing a lot of battery use even though i was not doing anything with it ( newsrob ) . i killed that and everything 's been fine since .
i do not know what avast is doing there ( i do not use any antivirus app , as i see no benefit from it ) . but as to the second part of your question : you should not really need to explicitly close an app , as android normally does a good job taking care itself . for details , please see the process lifecycle description as described on the android developers page -- for a short look , see this graphical description : image taken from bottomlessinc blog you can see three arrows going from the " paused " state : directly to " destroyed " ( explicitly " closed " the app ) , or via " stopped " -- and back to " running " . in simple words : when you " leave " the app in the background and afterwards return to it , it goes back to " running " . if you do not return , and the system decides it is no longer needed . " destroyed " you can take as " ended and cleared from memory " , " paused " as a kind of " stand-by for immediate access " , and " stopped " like " ready to be cleaned up " . again , this is a very simplified explanation . if you need more details , the " big keyword " for this is " oom killer " ( oom = out of memory ) , which is the part of the system taking care you will not run out of ressources . see e.g. this blog article for more details .
there is no bios type thing in android , although there is the logcat and dmesg . there is an app on google play that allows you to change your boot animation to show you the live logcat as your device boots . if you want the system info , as per your question , you would just have to google your device , or use a site such as gsm arena to lookup your devices hardware .
turning the tablet off at night will most likely extend its life , but this defeats the purpose of having a tablet , since a key feature of the tablet is instant power-on from standby . generally , there are two things that drain the battery of any device : the display ( when it is turned on ) , and any wireless communications ( 3g , wifi , etc ) . if you really want to conserve power at night time , turn off the tablet 's wifi and 3g ( airplane mode ) . the power draw of the cpu and ram is negligible compared to the power consumption of the display and wireless comms . and it is normal to feel a little heat near the cpu , the wireless antenna , and the battery when charging . i would not worry about battery life , in terms of charge-discharge cycles , unless you plan on keeping your tablet for 20 years . the same goes for the mtbf of the physical components . the flash memory will not go bad if the tablet is left on . in fact , the tablet probably reads and writes to flash more when booting up than when it is idle . generally , i would suggest enjoying the tablet the way it is meant to be used ! if it breaks because of normal use , then it was not worth having anyway !
performing a factory reset on an android device does not remove os upgrades , it simply removes all user data . this includes the following : apps downloaded from google play store , or otherwise side-loaded onto the device ( even if you moved them to external storage . ) preferences and data for all apps , downloaded or pre-loaded on the device . this includes call/sms/mms logs , contacts , save games , etc . personalized system settings ( e . g . saved wi-fi networks and passwords , etc . ) any google accounts you have added , along with saved credentials . the factory restore does not touch the following : contents of " external " storage ( micro-sd card , or for devices without it a part of internal memory that is set aside for this purpose ) such as web downloads , photos and videos you have taken with the device , music you have copied over from your pc , documents , and other media . exception is the apps that were moved to " external " storage . core components such as system apps* ( along with apps pre-loaded by your carrier and/or manufacturer into the system partition , ) android kernel , and bootloader . these core components are what defines the operating system version . network unlock status . * keep in mind that if you have updated any system apps via play store , those updates will be lost , and the apps will revert to the version that ships with the os .
yes , you will lose your updates , along with any other installed app that did not come with stock . but you will be able to re-update the apps via google play , and you will not lose any purchases you made ( they are stored forever on the google cloud ) . i am not sure why you are concerned about it , though . i can understand not wanting to lose your settings and data , but the only downside to losing app updates is the time and bandwidth required to re-update them afterwards . edit : you are probably asking about os updates . your phone does not keep an original os image . thus , once you update your os ( either by ota updates or by installing a custom rom ) , you will not be able to revert to the older android version . doing a factory reset should just reset the phone to a clean slate of the current android version .
hi screen lock works sort of . it can be defeated by resetting the point . this is need because there is no way to clear the register if you type in a wrong pin digit ( ie no back/clear button ) . to get around this , i have set a android pin with a 1/2 hour time out . this pin is functional at boot up . the downside is that occasionally i have type enter the pin twice . acceptable for the time being as a workaround .
there is an app called " hi screen lock " this basically turn ur lock scren to iphone lock screen . so it allows you to use camera without putting password . and also it allows you to use calculator and flashlights witout unlocking it . only bad part is that you have to buy full version to change the background to how you want and that it only allows 4 number password .
you can do it by following these steps . . . i just did it i have an s3 rooted , running 4.1.2 root your phone install xposed framework install the enable camera on lockscreen module
there is no way in android to access to the standard android camera from a password-protected device . however this little application allows to access to a simple camera with a triple press on the power button even when the device is password locked . . . camera unlock ( free ) disclosure : i am the developer of this app
so i seem to have addressed this issue , but basically by trial and error . i tried formatting the sd card , but that did not fix the problem . finally , i gave up and re-flashed the phone with a full wipe , and then re-installed my apps one by one . eventually , i found that the amazon appstore app was a cause of the problem . without amazon appstore , my phone is much snappier , and i have not seen mmcqd popping up in cpu usage . ( i have not re-installed every single app i had before , so there could have been other troublemakers . ) so , problem fixed for now , but i would hope there is a better way to figure out these types of issues .
configurations for most devices , you can only modify the volume of the earpiece , bluetooth , media volume or call volume if you are currently using that feature . so , the best is to use your device " menu " button when you are using the bluetooth earpiece and check if said option exists . alternativly , use the volume up/down from your device while with the bluetooth earpiece in use to try and control its volume . one user at droidxforums mentioned a working solution for him : turn off the bluetooth on the droid x . place a phone call like normal . adjust the call volume to the max and then hang up . turn the bluetooth on the droid x back on and activate your voice command . it will work . you can adjust volume up or down in that fashion . apps if to no avail , currently , there are a few apps available from google play store to deal with issues like this : recommended for custom rom : volume+ free and the donate version volume+ ( volume boost ) gives great results in controlling volume settings separably for each sound output available . recommended for stock rom bluetooth volume worked as promised to control the bluetooth sound output , ideal for boosting in call volume . this are the ones i have used with excellent results , you can find others at google play store .
you should get the option to add them unsynced . like this :
as far as i know , contacts are always filed under some account . presumably the design intent is that contacts are usually stored somewhere else , in some reliable storage , in case you lose the data on your phone . i am not in a position to try this myself , but here 's a possible way to get an “unsynced” account : install the free “ the missing sync for android ” app . this app is intended to sync contacts directly with your desktop , and the desktop half is a paid app , but the phone side can be installed for free , and if you never sync it the data will stay on your phone . the missing sync app will generate an account on your phone called “missingsync” ( which will be labeled “unsynced” even though it actually is synced via the missing sync app ) , which you can add contacts under .
you probably have driving mode enabled . in my samsung galaxy s4 , it is in Settings &gt; My device &gt; Driving mode &gt; Incoming call . see if you can find something similar on your phone .
try running this command from your pc : adb shell bmgr enable false  if you have more than one device or emulator running/connected , you will need to add the -s DEVICE option .
a cheaper option is soundwire " free version - market link " the free version will speak every 45 mins ( just a nag ) the paid version is under usd 4 , link to it inside the same market link . logically try the free version first . sadly its pc only , not sure why as as far as i can see its a lite vnc app , sending only the audio and not keystrokes or anything else . honestly i find it extremely surprising that no one has made a bluetooth headset , or similar profile for a phone . it would be very useful also for htpcs as a kind of cheap ( but very good quality ) wireless headphones .
one way to do this is to use airfoil speakers for android , which is free , but requires a server component ( airfoil ) to be installed on your pc . the free version plays audio fine for 10 minutes and then overlays noise . the license key is $25 .
if all else fails . so if you can not install apps from the google store . then you can sideload them with adb . the apk can be found in backup folders from apps like ' titanium backup ' so you can have your friend install it and back it up . then copy the apk . i had a cricket phone that i did not buy service for . . . and they disabled the app " google voice " this sideload method worked to bypass that .
well out of my own curiosity , i made this to start : https://github.com/dieseltravis/androidbuildinfo here it is running on my moto flipside :
i also wrote an app in response to this question . it is free in the market . let me know what you think . if you want more information , please let me know and i will add what i can . it is called " android information text " .
sounds like an encoding problem . have you tried importing the . vcf into google contacts ( on the web ) and then syncing your phone with your google account contacts ? that might provide better results ; android does not play nice with multiple languages right now .
i have followed the steps mentioned here . it is using . vcf technique only . i had to transfer nokia c3 contacts to sony xperia and it worked for me . create a backup file in your nokia phone . for that go to menu > settings > sync and backup > create backup select only " contacts " for backup . it will create a backup file at a location you specified . copy that backup file in your pc . rename its extension to " . zip " or " . rar " ( make sure to uncheck " hide extensions for known types" ) then extract this file . it will extract all your contacts in root folder named "32" in " . vcf " format . copy this folder into your memory card then go to " contacts " in your android phone . press on the 3 grey dots on the upper or bottom right of the screen . select import from the list . next , select import from > sd card / external memory . it will search for " . vcf " files and popup you the choice to import specific files or all ( select " import all vcard files " to import all contacts ) wait for a while and its done .
yes , you can , but in my experience it does not work well and you can not downgrade afterward . i would recommend that you do not flash that t-mobile updated rom .
the sms system itself does not support read or delivery confirmation past delivery to the network . iow your phone is notified when the message is received by the network with a recognised recipient , but nothing more . if your application is like the one on my phone , the mark indicates unread responses to a message you sent ( or unread incoming messages in general ) , not that a message you sent has been read by its recipient .
in the stock app for short messages , there is a way to get the informations you want to have : just longtap on the message and then choose " details " in the pop up . if your manufacturer put another app for text messaging in replace for the android stock app , please tell us the name of it .
as soon as the check mark is appeared on the message text body , it means it delivered the message . if you want a confirmation then you can use mysms sms app . this could deliver the status message . if you want to track the time when the sms delivered then try sms scheduler . it keeps track of all your previous messages also .
there is no need to organize your files in any other theme . android is indexing the media file and since api 1.0 player should query the media store which is using this index .
some of the slowness may be due to the speed of your storage media . if it is built in storage than there is not much you can do ( apart from what matthew read suggested ) if it is an sd card , maybe check that it is not a class 2 or something . perhaps try and get a class 10 to speed things up . beyond those changes it is down to the device cpu speed
one method is to put a file called .noMedia in the root of every folder that you do not want to be scanned . it will not improve the scanning of actual media , but it will prevent wasted time searching elsewhere ( or indexing things that you do not want indexed , such as app assets ) .
that is dependent : the kernel , along with the appropriate driver chipset support for usb otg the general consensus , if the kernel is modded and has support for otg provided the handset supports it , then it will work alongside with the appropriate otg cable with power support . it might need custom modifications to android to make it aware of otg facilities if running on pre-honeycomb android versions . however , since honeycomb ( android 3.0 ) and upwards , there is usb facilities integrated into the framework which makes otg mechanism even easier .
just commenting cause i found this by googling for an answer , and actually i achieved exactly what the op wants , with tasker and secure settings . no caveats here , working fine . using it both on a nexus 4 and n7 on cm 10.1 . first of all , have the slide to unlock enabled , then enable your pattern . when secure settings disables pattern unlock , it goes back to what the phone was set to before . <code> profile : display off ( 7 ) event : display off enter : slide/pattern ( 12 ) abort existing task a1: secure settings [ configuration:pattern lock disabled/wait for unlock package:com . intangibleobject . securesettings . plugin name:secure settings continue task after error:on ] a2: wait [ ms:0 seconds:0 minutes:5 hours:0 days:0 ] a3: secure settings [ configuration:pattern lock enabled package:com . intangibleobject . securesettings . plugin name:secure settings continue task after error:on ] if [ %screen ~ off ] a4: wait [ ms:0 seconds:1 minutes:0 hours:0 days:0 ] a5: secure settings [ configuration:pattern lock disabled/wait for unlock package:com . intangibleobject . securesettings . plugin name:secure settings continue task after error:on ] if [ %screen ~ off ] </code> the " continue task after error " setting is probably not required , i was just testing and left it there . two key settings are on tasker , disable beginner mode on settings so you get the task properties icon , then there , change collision handling to " abort existing task " . in secure settings you need to install and enable the helper or the pattern unlock will work but may be unstable ( it was on my n4 ) . note that in a3 and a5 i enable pattern and disable it again . this is done because if you just enable it , it will ask you for pattern twice in a row , cause you set in secure settings ' pattern unlock to ask you for pattern the first time . if you do not set it to ask you for it , then the pattern can be bypassed by simply turning off the screen twice .
this is not possible . the best you can do is : go to Security uncheck the Power button instantly locks option above that , set the timeout for Automatically lock to 5 minutes now whenever you lock the phone by using the power button , it will not ask you for a passcode unless you let it be with no activity . the screen will turn off , but if you press the power button again it will come on and not ask you for a password unless 5 minutes have elapsed . note : with this setting , any button can unlock the device for the set timeout , including the volume button .
i was able to set up what you want with one caveat : you have to use a pin or a password , not a pattern . my solution depends on the apps tasker ( trial version here ) and secure settings . secure settings requires root for some of its features . i do not know if this is one of them . if you are not rooted , you can try it and see if it works . posting a complete how-to on tasker is beyond the scope of my answer . instead , here 's the official documentation and links to user-created guides . my solution involves setting up two tasker profiles . the first one sets the pin or password after a timeout . the second one clears the pin/password once the screen is unlocked . here are my profiles : once you have got tasker configured , go to your phone settings and set slide unlock ( and set he timeout to be whatever you find to be an appropriate amount of time for the slide lock to come up ) . note that when the password/pin is enabled , you will first have to slide unlock , and then enter your pin/password .
adding to scott 's answer , this should even be possible without the addition of secure settings , just with tasker alone : event screen off task keyguard off wait [ ms:0 seconds:0 minutes:5 hours:0 days:0 ] keyguard on collision : stop running task so what does this do ? whenever the screen is switched off , keyguard will be turned off ( that is the one locking the screen ) . then it will wait for 5 min , and turn keyguard on again ( re-activate locking ) . if the task is already running ( i.e. . you switched the screen off for the 2nd time within the 5 min window ) , the running ( waiting ) task is aborted ( collision ) , and the " counter " starts over again . and what is the catch here ? this profile looks simpler , there must be one . and there is : this probably disables the " slide to unlock " as well -- so as soon as the screen is switched on , there is no protection against unwanted input . so what do we do ? adding a second condition : state : sensor -> orientation -> face up fine . you probably never put it into your pocket face-up unless you are lying on your back : ) so if you only put it on the table and switch off the screen ( i often do while reading my news feeds at breakfast ) , it is fine and simple .
try reboot -p to shutdown the phone .
yes , you are justified and they are being sneaky . once a set of permissions is allowed , it can install new permission into that same set without getting approved on update . but you can retake control . if your rooted , you can download the xposed framework installer from the xda forums . xposed installer http://forum.xda-developers.com/xposed/xposed-installer-versions-changelog-t2714053 " xposed is a framework for modules that can change the behavior of the system and apps without touching any apks . all changes are done in the memory . " must be rooted playpermissions xposed module http://forum.xda-developers.com/xposed/modules/playpermissionsexposed-fix-play-store-t2783076 " this module aims to fix this problem for users who care about permissions . it'll do the following : 1 . make the play store show you all of the app 's permissions . 2 . require you to manually update apps with new permissions ( regardless of the category ) . " xprivacy module http://forum.xda-developers.com/xposed/modules/xprivacy-ultimate-android-privacy-app-t2320783 " xprivacy can prevent applications from leaking privacy sensitive data . xprivacy can restrict the categories of data an application can access . this is done by feeding an application with no or fake data . there are several data categories which can be restricted , for example contacts or location . for example , if you restrict access to contacts for an application , this will result in sending an empty contact list to the application . similarly , restricting an application 's access to your location will result in a set location being sent to the application . " modules require xposed framework to be installed to function properly .
on the google website homepage itself in your browser , scroll down to were it says : igoogle settings help press ' settings ' and turn off ' allow use of device location ' i have then found my browser always goes to google . com ( were it was going to google . de ) edit i have just seen you want the opposite . so perhaps turn this option on !
this line will do it ( found here ) : awk '{print $1}' &lt; ~/.android/adbkey.pub | openssl base64 -A -d -a | openssl md5 -c 
there are different boot combos for different galaxies . on my phone it is up + home + power . sometimes i have to hold it for almost two minutes for some reason . if you cant boot injto recovery then boot into bootloader/downloadmode and flash there with . exe like odin or heimdall . on my phone down home power boots into bootloader . make sure the drivers are newest from samsung official site
i also faced the same problem in my phone , when i flashed a wrong rom . but i had usb jig which reset my phone to download mode automatically . then i was able to flash with odin . try using usb jig ( you can buy it on ebay ) to force your phone into download mode .
instead of entering a password every time you sync or access your mails - which will also be more insecure , because you enter the password often and in public - think about a good screen lock ( pin or password ) and a remote wipe solution . changing your google account password is always a good idea in case of a stolen android device . according to oleg ostroumov comment , the device will stay logged in for ~hour and then request a password .
in addition to what flow says , and i think this is a superior solution : use application-specific passwords the idea here is that you can create an application-specific password for any non web-based application that needs your google credentials ( think android phones , mail clients , im clients , etc . ) you create a credential for each purpose and use this instead of your google password -- this does not require special cooperation by third-party application developers . you can keep track of all issued application-specific passwords , and revoke them on a case-by-case basis if necessary . so if your phone is stolen , you can easily revoke access to your google account and the attacker will no longer be able to log in as you . please note that some applications might leave behind contact lists and offline email which will still be on the device even if it is not associated with a valid google account . you will need a remote wipe application for this purpose . you can find this on your google account settings page . look for authorizing applications and sites , and take it from there . see also this video from google about 2-step authorization and application-specific passwords . while at it , enable 2-step authorization using your android device for an extra layer of security when you log in from an unknown computer/device .
as a worst case solution , you could try factory resetting your phone . you might also attempt to connect your phone to a pc and enable usb transfer , then eject your phone to see if this clears the issue .
when you say you turned your phone off and on , did you actually shut it down ( hold down power button to get the menu ) , or just press the power button to turn the screen off ? i would expect a shutdown and restart to clear this problem .
i solved this by plugging in my phone to a computer and choosing charge only . it was using cpu and draining my battery until i fixed it .
have you tried using a different music app ? you might get better results from say doubletwist or winamp .
i got curious enough about this that i actually wrote my own little program that captures the " media button " events that are driving this functionality . i was able to determine that the car is doing something that translates into a " media_play_pause " keycode to start the playing . then when you tell it to play or pause while it is on , it issues another " media_play_pause . " but when you turn the car off ( or turn off the audio in the car ) , it issues a " media_stop " . the music players ( both winamp and the default music app anyway--i did not try others ) respond to the media_stop by resetting the song position to the beginning and ceasing to play the music . so to get what i want , i would have to somehow intercept the stop command and turn it into a " pause " instead . or somehow get the music apps not reset the song position when they receive as " stop . "
the icon in question ( on the very left of this image ) is Vibration mode on the one plus one . technically ( i guess ) it is the ' phone profile ' icon , in this case vibrate .
maybe you are missing udev rules for the other device manufacturers ? a rule for samsung is probably included by default . look here for instructions http://developer.android.com/tools/device.html
i do not think so , sorry : ( but since you have titanium backup , reflashing should not be a very big deal : ) there are also some free apps on the market that can freeze other apps https://market.android.com/details?id=com.anttek.am
if your device is full rooted ( not just shell rooted ) , try using root explorer app . mount /system with read-write permission and then paste com.samsung.apk file in /system/app/ . reboot the device . . . done ! remember to set permissions of the app to rw-r--r-- before rebooting .
based on your situation , if all means does not work , just reflash the firmware via odin . you do not have to factory reset ( i.e. . your data will still be there ) , but you will lost root . just perform the steps you used to root your phone before this . i suggested this because certain apps cannot be restored even though you push it via adb or paste it in the system partition .
you do not mention which phone or android version you are using . on my motorola droid ( android 2.2 ) the built-in e-mail application allows me to connect to my employers exchange server . when i created the account , i had three options for connecting : pop3 , imap , and exchange . there are other e-mail clients out there that may also connect to exchange .
you could try k9 mail . i use it for non-exchange accounts and it works great , so i know it is a great email app in general . i believe it has the ability to connect to exchange servers , too , so . . . there you go !
well , you have several applications that do what you want . you have tasker which is paid , llama which is free and i am currently using and can recommend , if you look around in the market , you can find other applications .
the app that i use for this is unlock with wifi ( free version , paid version ) while it can not do anywhere near as much as tasker and locale can , i prefer small apps that do exactly what i want and not much more . unlock with wifi as well as its core function of disabling the screen lock when you are attached to a trusted wifi point , can also switch wifi , bluetooth , gps and background sync on and off depending on whether or not you are connected to the trusted wifi ( i have my home wifi , and my parents wifi points specified as trusted ) . if you are interested in doing more than this , or triggering differently then locale and tasker ( both paid apps ) are very highly recommended for automating android settings and apps .
there is also the free timeriffic . works similar to what i remember of locale but without the gps component .
enabling quick settings made that popup disappear ( source ) . it is at settings-> system-> status bar-> quick settings . hth
this is a symptom of a programming or integration error in the custom rom . system ui is the name of the process that draws things like the soft home/back/recent buttons and the notification tray . when this process crashes , the soft keys and notification tray , along with anything else it is responsible for , will stop working . the error could be in their ui customizations , or in something fundamental like the gpu or framebuffer drivers or the kernel . you should report this error to the developers of the custom rom so that they can fix it . they will certainly need more detail to find the problem , such as what device you are using , what settings you changed to make it happen ( reproduction steps in technical parlance ) , and they will probably ask you for more information too . this answer tells you about getting crash logs using adb logcat and the bugreport command . of course , if there is already a newer version of the rom , the developers will probably not be interested in your bug report unless you can also make it happen on the latest version .
does not seem to be , the search is the only way as of now , however ; if you use the browser there is an option to view only unread emails .
i had the same issue . tried in vain . search is the only way - inelegant but works . and repeat searches are relatively easy if one does not have too many previous searches with different filters .
according to gsmarena , the xiaomi mi-two supports the following frequencies : 2g network : gsm 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 3g network : hsdpa 850 / 1900 / 2100 you can check what frequencies your country uses here . it should work in most if not all eu countries though . also , it supports chinese and english officially but there is unofficial support for other languages , located here .
it depends on how the particular recovery you will choose to install handles user data . most recent versions of commonly used recovery images ( e . g . twrp and clockworkmod ) recognize the need to keep certain portions of internal memory on devices without removable storage . on such devices the /sdcard mount point is still present , but is pointing to /data/media partition instead . when doing a regular factory reset , this /data/media partition is left untouched . if you really wish to clear that area as well , in clockworkmod recovery , for example , you would need to navigate to mounts and storage and use the format /data and /data/media(/sdcard) option .
terminology is important in this case . . . formatting /data will wipe out your internal /sdcard/ mount . wiping /data , on the other hand , will usually not erase your sdcard . usually you do not need to actually format /data/ , and wiping ( usually called a " factory reset" ) will suffice . technical explaination : /sdcard/ lives in /data/media . when doing a factory reset , the recovery will delete everything in /data/ except for /data/media/ . in fact , when factory resetting , my recovery will tell me " wiping /data , skipping /data/media " . however , when formatting , you cannot be selective like that . formatting will wipe out everything on a mount point .
open up my accounts application from application tray . select the corporate sync account you wish to modify . your corporate exchange account settings will be displayed select remove account to remove this corporate exchange account from the handset . seen here troubleshooting page in case of further problems .
i just upgraded as well and had the same thing happen to me . however , in my case i am still connected to an exchange server . i know our it guys are very open with not locking down our phones with stuff like this and i have had windows mobile phones connected to the same exchange server with no need for a pin number . open phone settings open location and security settings go to select device administrators mine currently says " corporate sync " is one of the device administrators , but does not allow me to remove it . you may be able to remove it since you have removed the connection to the server . i suspect either the phone was not enforcing the settings set by the exchange server correctly or that there has been a bug introduced in the new version . note : i know this wont work for the person asking the question , but might be helpful to others . i was able to remove my exchange account , change my password back to pattern instead of pin , re-add my exchange account , and the phone did not force a pin to be set .
for rooted phones only well i have had the same problem as the original poster ever since i updated it to froyo . my exchange account i previously had on the phone was using a remote administrator certificate that i could not remove . yesturday i worked out a simple solution using r/w access to the /system/app folder . using a free root file explorer named super manager . i navigated to /system/app and renamed the file policymgrprovider . apk to policymgrprivider . bak . this removed the remote administrator policy and allowed me full control over the lock screen . after i switched it to no lock i went back and renamed the file to policymgrprovider . apk . no problems what so ever . i did rename the file bluremailengine . apk to a . bak at the same time , so if its not working disable that app as well long enough to change your lock screen settings . i know you do not want to root your phone , but unfortunately its probably the only way you will get that stupid pin lock gone .
i tried the suggestions here with no luck . the solution i tried only works on a rooted phone . background : removed exchange/corp sync account , screen lock remained , and could not be disabled . solution requires a rooted phone , installed a terminal emulator , installed busybox - need to edit one or two files with unix ' vi ' command droidx : open terminal emulator . su cd /data/system vi device_policies . xml open a line below policies add escape out and save file :wq check list of files with ls command ls the droid 3 had a file called mot_device_policies . xml which additionally needed the same changes as described above . the changes comment out the policies and after a reboot , you can turn off the screen lock !
android 4.4 makes it easy . it allows you to remove this ( at least for me it did ) , by selecting the option , Clear credentials (Remove all certificates) from the security menu . immediately , i was able to set no password/lock-code on my device again . hope this helps !
fwiw , i just tried the steps posted above by mru and they did exactly what i wanted - removed the corporate account and freed my lock screen . that said , there was one very minor glitch . i tried to remove the pin requirement immediately after i removed the account , but the system would not let me . as you can imagine , i was disappointed . but i went in awhile later , and the restrictions had been removed . i had to enter my pin one more time , and that let me reset the security to my preference .
i think i may have figured out the cause and a makeshift solution for this bug , at least one that ( finally ) works for me , and that i have not seen mentioned often elsewhere . on my tablet ( nexus 7 2nd gen ) , i had seen the mediaserver bug very often and practically given up trying to solve it . however , on my phone ( i9505g aka sgs4 gpe ) , i had not seen the bug once . both devices were running 100% stock android 4.3 . then one day i noticed the bug rearing its ugly head on my phone too . i had not copied any new files to the device recently , so that threw any theories about " corrupt media files " out the window . i racked my brains and realized the only thing i would done differently in the past 24 hours was played a game ( rayman jungle run ) on the phone , which i usually only use for calls , emails , and e-books . on my tablet however , i play rayman jungle run often . so , i just ran this sequence of tests on both my phone and tablet , with the same results . full charge . fresh boot . run for several hours . result : no mediaserver drain . launch rayman , play for 1 minute . return to home screen but do not force close the app . wait a little while . result : mediaserver drain begins . force close the rayman app ( i used an elixir shortcut to do this , but using the apps menu should work fine ) . wait a couple hours . result : mediaserver drain has stopped ! i did a lot of searches on the web and only found one other reference to similar phenomenon , and that post referenced the rayman game as well as another game called super hexagon or something . the apparent lesson here is that certain apps have the ability to trigger the mediaserver bug . in my case at least , it has nothing to do with what media files i have on the device , or what google services i allow/prevent running ( these are both things i see frequently quoted as supposed solutions ) . i would also hypothesize that if you have an app which triggers the mediaserver drain , and this app autoruns at startup or any periodic time intervals , then the only surefire solution in that case would be to uninstall the app , unfortunately . this could explain why some people do not find that rebooting helps . . . if the offending app runs at startup , of course the drain will begin right away also .
for me , rebooting the nexus 4 several times did not help . the first time i started using the mobile phone , i logged in without the google account . so , i did factory reset and made sure i logged-in with the google account . this seems to have fixed the issue .
killing all running apps did not solve the problem , nor did disabling the automatic sync for google account items like videos/photos ( which i heard suggested for a similar battery issue ) . what did work was simply rebooting the device by holding the power button and picking shut down . after rebooting mediaserver no longer appears to use much of my battery in the usage chart and my charge lasts like it always did . so if you get the same issue , just reboot .
i had the very same problem with android 4.1.2 . tablet . tried everything found on several forums , and the result was - nothing worked . mediaserver kept draining my battery . intuitively , i tried two things : 1 . unmounted sd card where i keep all sorts of media files . 2 . deleted downloaded pictures from " download " folder . result = problem solved . then remounted the sd card - battery life still normal ! conclusion : bloody mediaserver keeps scanning the downloaded pictures and drains the battery . simplicity is always the answer !
the mediaserver process scans your device for media files to add to your library . however , the 2012/12/12 ( perhaps some more ) gapps version is broken and gets stuck in an infinite loop on unfamiliar files on your phone . this directly translates to battery drain and is bad for the lifetime of your battery and other phone components . when running your phone for the first time or when starting media applications , the mediaserver is invoked and will commence the horror . how to fix : reboot phone and do not start a media application . put a .nomedia file on your sd card root to prevent library search , thus preventing mediaserver from getting stuck . this means no media library ! wait for the glorious google to fix this anomaly . downgrade your android firmware + gapps to a version which lacks this bug . use an iphone/windows phone modify the gapps ( mediaserver . apk ) to support all kinds of files normally . ( advanced + time consuming )
connect a self powered usb hub and try again . usb-otg ports often provide little power that is suitable for one device only , but may already fail for power hungry devices like very fast usb thumb drives , wifi dongles or 2.5in usb hard disk enclosures . your setup very probably draws too much . you can use any 3rd party usb power bank if you need it on-the-go . your hub may have a power input connector already . finding the right cable might be an issue though . here 's some related info , someone asked this for the sgs i9000 which does not provide power at all : usb host mode not working on samsung galaxy s using cyanogenmod
there are two possibilities : if your wlan is running in 2.4ghz mode you should chekc the used channel . not all channels are allowed in all countries - especiall in the us the channels higher than 13 are afaik forbidden . therefore some devices do not even scan the frequencies that belong to those channels . what frequencies/channels are used is specified by the driver/firmware - therefore using cm7 my be the problem . try to cache your wlan access point config to use a lower wlan chennel . your wlan is running in 5ghz mode only . only devices with 5ghz capable wlan hardware can use a wlan that is operating in 5ghz only mode . unfortunately the number of smartphones that are 5ghz capable is very short . therefore you should check your wlan access point config if it is in 5ghz only mode and if so change it to dual frequency mode 2.4ghz + 5ghz running at the same time .
to add to @dan_hulme ' s answer , think about it in terms of use cases . video/still capture on a mobile device has become a huge feature for many users , and a huge selling point for manufacturers . considering the ( relative to 1080p ) lack of 4k content out there , the chance that a pc user will want to play a 4k video on their pc is fairly low . due to the camera-hardware arms race on the mobile market ( see link in comments , since apparently you can not post more than 2 links w/o 10+ rep ) , it very likely that a user will want to capture a 4k video on a mobile device , and if a user is capturing 4k video on a device , they will certainly want to view the video in 4k , right on their device . let 's also look at your machine . your machine is what i would consider low-to-mid-range . it has a budget quad-core processor with a dedicated nvidia video card and a decent amount of ram . high-end video fidelity was clearly not on the manufacturer 's priority list . all of this above explains why your pc might not support 4k while your phone might , and @dan_hulme above explains how they are able to support 4k , but is your smartphone more powerful than your pc ? no . probably not . as the benchmarks in a reply on this thread shows ( link in comment , you do not have to scroll down very far ) . even a core 2 duo dual-core beats an iphone 5s . not to mention a top-of-the-line consumer cpu like the i7 quad-core . and as this article shows ( link in comments ) , chances are , your phone can not actually compete with today 's video card , although it might be able to give an 05-07 card a run for its money . tl ; dr : no , your phone is not faster than your pc .
most smartphones have dedicated video encode and decode hardware . it is specifically designed for that task , and it has a fast connection to the memory , and often the decoded video frames can be accessed directly by the compositor hardware so they do not have to be copied ( or blitted ) into the framebuffer . you would not be surprised that a handheld digital video camera can do 4k video capture : it is specifically designed for that purpose . your smartphone works the same way . most pcs do not have this special hardware , so they have to do video encode and decode with software , on the cpu , or with a special compute shader on the gpu . either way , that is always going to be slower and less power-efficient than having special-purpose hardware .
yes , you should be worried . lots of malware disguises itself as something else that the writer thinks you might want to install so that it can get the app onto your phone . if you are at all suspicious about permissions ( and reading phone history is definitely suspicious for a compass app ) , contact the app developer with your questions . an honest dev will get back to you .
this definitely requires some sensible judgement . if the app is from a trusted dev ( top devloper with that symbol ) then you can be rest assured that that app is not any malware . generally , apps which look shady in terms of title and comments are the ones you must proceed with caution .
you can lock a particular message in your conversation so you do not accidentally delete that . the check box is for those messages . see following screen-shots - first long tap on the message you want to lock , and select lock . the message should be now locked and a lock icon should appear at the bottom . now when you delete the conversation the message was in , the locked message would not get deleted if the check-box is not selected .
you can lock messages that you want to retain in your phone . iirc long pressing the message will give you the option to lock the message .
elixir lets you create a home screen widget that lets you add apps . it is easier to add apps using this widget compared to the long-press method . see the " widgets in home screen " section of the link to see what the widget looks like .
go launcher i use this app ( instead of htc sense ) for my htc sensation . this works great , and there is a lot of different themes and plugins for it . great if you are tired of the standard ui on your phone ! it also solves your problem , when you can add multiple items for your different screens . ( just tap on the ones you would like to have easy access to ) : )
with the backing of dotvezz , summing up from the comments : considering the specifications , this is quite unlikely : range of the nfc signal is limited to a max of 10 cm on " clear view " ( see wikipedia ) material with a greater density will reduce this even more : air ~ 0.001 g/cm 3 versus lithium ~ 0.53 g/cm 3 makes rawly a 500-times-density difference , so a factor of 10 ( as i mentioned in my comment ) probably is a huge under-estimation even calculating with a factor of ~10 , this would reduce the range to below 1 cm . and you will rather have to more than double that factor . with few devices being thinner than . 8 mm , your wish is close to impossible of being fulfilled .
since you have already unlocked your bootloader , you should be able to flash a recovery from fastboot and then use that to root . this will get you root on your stock rom ( but not s-off ) : download clockworkmod recovery for the doubleshot from this link download the superuser/su zip file from this link reboot into fastboot mode . to do this , remove power off the phone , remove the battery , then hold volume down while you re-insert the battery and press power . when the bootloader menu appears , press power again to select " fastboot " . flash the custom recovery image : fastboot flash recovery /path/to/clockworkmod.img . reboot into recovery ( reboot and hold volume down , i believe , otherwise use #3 above to boot into the bootloader then press volume down to select " recovery " and press the power button ) . copy the superuser/su zip file onto your device and install it from recovery . it may be easier to get the zip onto your device if you first reboot normally and then use android 's mass storage feature to just copy it over .
one question : is your bootloader unlocked ? if not that is why revolutionary failed . if your bootloader is locked , you need to use the htc 's unlock bootloader found here , then re-try using the revolutionary root . the clue was in the message which with a bit of google-fu yielded this thread on xda , post #214 and post #215 ( you will have to go back to page 22 on that said thread ) . i am not responsible for any outcome by my posting this answer . read and re-read and make sure you are ready to go ahead and do so .
what you are attempting to do is not rooting , it is called s-off . s-off is a level below root . root is like being the administrator on a windows machine , whereas s-off is like having permission to modify values in the bios . it is complete control . s-off might not be what you need for what you want to do if all you want to do is root your stock rom .
the way font handling works is your android device has files in the system/fonts folder that control the font for certain aspects of the android system . one of them is the clock , the text , etc . in order to change these you need to rename your font file ( let 's say its helvetica . ttf ) to android-clock . ttf to change the font of the clock . do this for all the files in the system/font folder to change all the font on your phone . now , the japanese characters . . . i am not sure if the characters are handled differently than the english characters . i assume they are not , and this is why when you change the font they look strange . it is probably because the font file does not have the ability to change how these characters work , and is not sure how to deal with them . you may have to find a font that is compatible with both english/japanese characters .
rooting your phone without a custom rom can be used to removed crapware . i have a french " orange " htc desire , and here is what i did to remove the orange apps : use unrevoked to root your phone ( close eclipse because it can prevent unrevoked from detecting the reboot , use usb drive mode if you try to root on a mac as they say it is more reliable ) once you are finished , reboot your phone in recovery mode ( shutdown , press the - key and the power button at the same time ) mount the /system partition as read/write ( easy , it is a simple gui ) open a shell on the phone with the command " adb shell " get a root shell with the command " su " go the /system/apps folder and remove whatever you want with rm ( remove both apk and odex files that you do not need ) close your shell unmount the /system partition reboot with this method , i removed the useless tetris and other games demos that were on my phone . i still do not know if rooting your phone will prevent me from getting ota updates in the future , that is why i have not got a custom rom yet .
use titanium backup , it will let you uninstall system apps simply and easily if you have root . rooting will not prevent you from getting ota updates ( how would the network know you are rooted ? ) in general , and you can almost certainly un-root if you want to update later .
please provide more specific detail . is the error warning appears on the playstore or when you try to open whatsapp ? what galaxy note pro do you use ? if you are using galaxy note pro 12.2 wifi only . based on this whatsapp faq your device is unfortunately not supported .
according to a thread in the yarvik forum ( besides , the first hit on a google search for yarvik tab411 root ) , you should be able to use the superoneclick tool . but while the name suggests " one click " should be pretty easy , it might be not the case . however , you will need to : download superoneclick e.g. from here download and install the device drivers ( for your device , possibly to be found on the yarvik 's support pages ) on your windows machine activate usb debugging on your device run the superoneclick application as administrator ( oops ) on windows 7 now the most difficult : click the " root " button : ) as i have no yarvik tablet , i could not check the above . it is just the result from a little google search -- so forgive me in case it fails . . .
i had a droid 1 . screen got very jittery when i used a non-oem charging cable , unless i held the back of the phone in a certain way . also noticed this when running cyanogen ver 6.0 . went back to the stock rom . finally starting doing it again . i ended up sending it back and getting a warranty replacement . factory reset did not fix it . warranty replacement works fine .
pictures , videos , downloads , and music are all stored on the sd card by default . you can get at them by popping your sd card into any card reader . ( probably have to get an adapter ) app settings are stored on the phone . but if those apps support google 's backup service those settings will be restored on your new phone .
i decided " f it " and pulled the sd card and did a factory reset . the problem still persists so it is most definitely a hardware issue . i guess i will have to take it in :/ .
well , it does not really answer my question , but upon further reflection , and without any good information available , we have decided to stick to only the officially supported locale list and to just be careful about how we translate for those locales . for example , we will provide two sets of spanish translations , es and us , and will be careful to make the us translations appropriate for the wider latin american spanish-speaking audience , rather than being us-specific .
from prior experience in building aosp before , the language strings for all aspects of the system , are stored in xml file , found in the aosp source framework/base/core/res/res . inside that directory in the source , there is values-xxx/strings . xml and values-xxx/do-not-translate . xml , where xxx is the iso country code based on the standard guidelines . this gets built and generated into framework-res . apk found in the rom 's live system under /system/framework . on an existing rom , its possible to ' sort of ' add translations into it by decompiling it but the effort would not be worth it as the xml data is compiled and " gets lost in translation " . i say ' sort of ' very loosely , as either the outcome would be it may work or it may not work , but the effort would be big and possibly break existing core android functionality . you can most certainly add a language add-on for the keyboards but that is about it . from the aspect of developers , where localization is concerned , the principle is pretty much the same as in the aosp source . so if the developer wants to add in french language support , he/she can simply create a values-fr/strings . xml and shove in there , the french translations and so on . of course , there will be variants such as canadian french , swiss french , for example . so their files , would be values-fr-rca/strings . xml , values-fr-rch to cite the example . this is where cm has the most languages support and are in a state-of-flux due to users spotting mis-translations etc . only google provides the core languages - such as italian , french , german , spanish , english ( both us/uk ) to name but a few .
after a lot of experimentation and backwards and forwards and disabling and enabling various things , i have got it to the point where i have not seen that error popup for about a week now ( which is a huge improvement over it appearing every 10 minutes ) . unfortunately logcat never seemed to show any obvious , enlightening errors when the force close messages popped up , so there was nothing to work on there . various posts on web forums suggested that going into accounts and sync disabling sync on calendars and contacts , then clearing the data on the calendar and contacts app should help , but it did not seem to for me . in the end what i think solved the problem was : completely deleting all my non-primary google accounts off the device ( i have a primary google account , which is a google apps one , plus another google apps account and a normal gmail account ) disabling all of the sync on my primary account clearing the data on the calendar and contacts apps leaving it an hour before re-enabling the sync on my primary account leaving it a day before adding back my secondary accounts , and enabling their sync not 100% sure which of those steps solved it , but after doing all of those steps in that order my problem has gone away .
open your car charger and at the back of the usb socket solder together the two middle contacts . these are the d- and d+ signals . most galaxy phones do not like an open circuit there , so now you have made a nice loop . info : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/universal_serial_bus
what you describe can not happen . the android updater downloads the whole update before doing anything . only after it is finished downloading does it offer to restart and install , and no internet connection is required for the installation procedure . perhaps what is happened is simply that the android update has completed successfully , and you are waiting for some apps to update themselves . new functionality like the play newsstand app is separate from the os update , so you might have to wait a little longer for that update . also , if you are expecting the new home screen , with a google now page and transparent effects , be aware that that also is not part of the os update : the new launcher is only on nexus 5 devices for now , and you will be able to download it from google play soon . when you are trying to get help with a problem , describe the actual symptoms you are seeing , not just what you think caused the problem . we could give you much more specific answers if your question were more specific than " some functions are missing " .
i agree with dan regarding the atomic operation of the update . i read a news article saying that nexus 4 's update does not bring all the features that are seen in nexus 5 . read this article for more info .
option 1: go to device manager in windows and delete anything having to do with your phone ( lg , google , android etc ) plug in your phone , the drivers should install automatically option 2: download airdroid on your phone . . . . you can transfer files over wifi
go to settings then storage click the 3 dots in the top right hand corner click usb computer connection choose one of the 2 options
i am not sure why google now ceased to appear , but here is how to reset it : open settings --> apps . scroll right to all . open google search , hit clear data and clear cache . open google now again and it will walk you through the initial setup guide . my personalized card settings were retained after the clear .
firefox was never the default android browser . the actual default browser is based on the open-source webkit engine , which also powers the safari browser on desktops , laptops and apple 's ios-based mobile devices . in the other hand , chrome is based in chromium and offers more options and performance than the stock browser .
be sure to check google drive because the app can store/sync to the " my tracks " folder .
i am still not sure where actual mytracks data is stored . i think it is stored somewhere in the internal memory , not in the external memory . but i have found a way to export the gpx data . start mytracks . press menu button . tap " save all to external storage " . tap " save as gpx " . saved x tracks to /mnt/sdcard/mytracks/gpx . at least some of the data for google mytracks is stored at /data/data/com . google . android . maps . mytracks . but to view /data/data you need to enable the root explorer in the phone and you need root access . to enable root explorer in file expert : start file expert . press menu button . tap more . tap settings . tap file explorer settings . check root explorer option . for this to work you need root access on the phone , i.e. the phone needs to be rooted . also , sometimes you will need to mount the file system as writable , and you can do this too within the app settings . ( i tried the same thing with es file explorer but i was unable to even view the root folder / with it , it was only able to view /sdcard . so therefore i recommend using file explorer instead . )
no , you are pretty much out of luck . once you update , you have that version and cannot go back . i do not know your android knowledge , but , if you have the apk file for a previous version , you can " sideload " the application on to the device ( unless you have at and t ) . but that is a bit more complicated if you never done it before . it requires the drivers for your pc , copy the file to the sdcard , and then " open " the apk file with an file manager , which will then launch the package installer .
i guess it will be fixed in a future update but until then , have you tried contacting the developers for an older version . i am sure they will be appreciative of any feedback you give and it would be easy for them to provide you with a previous version directly . if you are feeling brave , i found the following two sites that might have what you need as a direct download , may need something like astro file manager ( free ) to install and will need to enable unknown sources in the settings . http://www.freewarelovers.com/android/app/winamp http://getandroidstuff.com/?s=winamp+android i do not know how reputable the sites are so i would try my first suggestion initially .
use ideal text enlarger . works without need for root . but not all apps work with it and overly large fonts make the interface more difficult . i am looking for a similar solution , but in terms of accessibility , the ipad 's triple finger gesture to zoom and magnify any part of the screen in any app is unmatchable in android as yet .
individual apps might have settings for font size , but i do not think android 2.2 included any system-wide settings for changing the default font size . check the market for a third-party contact list app that allows you to change that setting .
this did the trick guys . this give system output as string and looks for string length to confirm the presence of an app in the device . its usually an empty string that is received for a package name that does not exist in the device .
sorry guys found the part of the answer myself , hope it helps someone else who has a blonde moment lol although it did not solve the inability to get more notification sounds through the phone features by hitting the " get more " button it does allow you to add your own downloaded sounds , a good place to get them is http://www.zedge.net . however if anyone can help with the d/l notification sounds through the phone 's " get more " button issue it would be appreciated . change the ringtone , notification sound , and alarm from the personalize screen . choose a ringtone or notification sound from where ever on your pc connect your phone to pc and transfer it to your ringtone folder on your phone , on your phone slide the notifications panel open , and then tap > personalize . on the sound tab , tap sound set . choose a sound set you want to customize ( ring tone , notification or alarm ) , and get your new sound by hitting the + add at the top of the screen and choosing your new sound and then tap apply . all done htc one x automatically saves your choices to the current sound set .
you can use rules like this in your custom scripts : $IPTABLES -A "droidwall-wifi" -m owner --uid-owner 12345 --destination "192.168.1.0/24" -j RETURN  instead of 12345 , you need to specify the uid assigned to the app ; you can find that uid in the list of apps in droidwall . remember that uids are assigned dynamically , and if the app is removed , the uid previously assigned to it may be assigned to a completely different app installed later . there are some enhancement requests for droidwall ( #275 , #253 ) requesting to add such feature , but developers did not respond to them yet .
i do not think so . but depends of the application , if it is open source you can submit a patch or ask for bug fix/new feature .
i know i may not be understanding your question the way you intend it but bryan denny just pointed out androidaudiohacks . com which i believe will solve your problem but not mine ( because it only works on htc phones ) . via bryan 's answer to another similar question
this one took me a while . go into " personalize tweetcaster " in settings and change " url action " to " ask " .
do you use a nexus 4 ? this should not be happening with your phone as nexus 4 is quite a fast one . it happens with slow phones especially when you have battery saving apps installed . try formatting your phone and deleting apps you do not need .
solved this by installing image 2 wallpaper . one would expect such basic features out of the box . .
you may try wallpaper changer from " j4velin development " . i hope this may do the trick for you . you can also customize the desktop by rotating a bunch of wallpapers . this app automatically adjust the background in the best possible way . i know you found out your own way . but if you are interested , give it a try via this link
you could use tasker to make a beep or push a notification when battery level is ouside your safety boundaries , so you can take an action by yourself ( ie . un/plug the charger ) . go to developer website , where tasker userguide can help you to set that task , taking as context the state of your device . the following image shows an example of configuring tasker to take an action depending on battery state :
application : no , as for an application to do this , the answer is no since charging on an android phone is done by its hardware ! the software has nothing to do with the actual charging of the phone ! ( this is why your phone is able to charge even when the os is powered down ) method : no , since the charging is not controlled by the software of your phone , this means it will be very difficult to stop your phone from charging ( since there is no software modification that i can think of that will help . . . i could be wrong ! ) however , as pointed out by francisco alvarado <a href="stackexchange-url earlier you could create tasker profiles to notify you about custom charge levels . or if you are very paranoid about maintaining battery health you could make tasker prompt you before automatically shutting down ( just a suggestion ) .
go to http://www.google.com/calendar ( on a desktop computer ) and login with the same gmail as your phone . on the left hand side bar there is " other calendars " . click the drop down to the right of that , then choose " add by url " . in the modal dialog , enter the url of the . ics calendar file . then click add calendar . now open google calendar app on your phone . hit the menu button --> more --> calendars . you should see the email you just added under your gmail account . enable syncing for it and then hit ok . you should now have the most up to date copy of that calendar on your phone .
maybe icssync would be a better option for you : icssync is an android app for syncing calendars between an android device and an ics file ( icalendar ) on a ftp/webdav server ( plain webdav or svn ) or stored in a file ( e . g . your dropbox-folder ) . so you can keep your calendar entries up-to-date automatically . alternative candidates exist as well in the playstore , e.g. calendarsync ( a bit expensive with ~ usd 10 ) , or caldav sync ( ~ usd 3 ) .
most ( pretty much all ) usb keyboards and mice support the usb hid protocol . you might not be able to use some special " media keys " or other advanced features , but standard features will work without additional drivers . as for routing usb input to standard android ui events , i suspect they will do it ( they had be stupid not to ) but could not find any conclusive information as of yet .
i have just tried a normal microsoft usb mouse on my asus eee pad transformer running android 3.1 . it works just fine both in pre-installed applications ( i tried the browser ) and in third-party applications that i am pretty sure have no dedicated support ( they are not even adapted to 3.0 yet ) . and as @patrick noted , pretty much all usb mice and keyboards support the usb hid protocol , so you will not need specific per-mouse drivers .
i also own the same phone had the same problem . the solution : start your phone before it restarts , switch off bluetooth . it might restart again after switching off bluetooth but once done it will work well without restarting .
if that does not work repair it with sus update service ( sus ) http://www.sonymobile.com/gb/tools/update-service/ update_service_setup-2.11.12.5 . exe
wipe system data in recovery . then , flash the phone .
check this link . install the su binaries from here than update to latest version . hope this helps .
you should be able to download the latest supersu from chainfire . push that to your nexus 7 using adb push and install it from your custom recovery . i am guessing you have that already ?
download super backup from play store and export sms , contact and app to your email
if your intention is to have your " personal card " available as a kind of " business card " to easily share with your partners , there might be a much better idea than exporting it as vcard : export it as qr-code . so you only need to display that qr-code on your device , and your partner can use a qr reader to " snap " it . it would then be detected as a " business card " ( actually , the qr code will represent a vcard -- afaik even in vcard format ) , and so your partner can directly import it into his/her contacts . how to do that ? an app i started using a while ago is qr droid . it comes with some pretty practical widgets offering shortcuts , and has several add-ons on the playstore for sharing your current gps position as qr code , and more . . . ok , back to topic : qr droid " business cards " , history , selection to create a code ( source : google play ; click images to enlarge ) as the screenshots show , this app is able to create " business card qr-codes " . you can even edit them ( e . g . embed an image into the code to make it nicer looking ) . to show it to your partner for scanning , you can easily pick it from the history ( second screenshot ) . and as a side-effect , it can do much more -- not only create , but also read qr codes . ps : as the contact will be exported as vcard , you can also share it with your other devices this way . it might not be imported to your " personal contact " on the other devices , though . . .
select your contact -> settings menu -> share -> gmail -> and send that to your own email address . then you will get a e-mail with yourcontact . vcf attached to it . simply download it . ( downloaded file will be available on sdcard/download )
if you have " wifi-sleep " on , when the device goes to sleep , the wifi connection will disconnect from the access point . it does not happen right as the device goes to sleep , but a little delay after . it should not drain the battery much more then just having wifi on . of course , if you have very network active apps running , then it may drain it a bit more . but on the other side , if wifi goes to sleep , and you have network active apps , they will just use your mobile connection , if it is available .
yes it works ! however there is no guarantee that it will work with every dvi screen .
i would recommend using haxsync to sync facebook data to your phone , works great for me .
go to contacts . . . . press the left button ( the settings button ) and then accounts . here you can add your facebook account . ( also i guess if you use facebook app , it asks you whether you want to sync contacts or not . )
cyanogenmod has a good overview with many devices and a full update guide per device ( captivate as example here ) . here is an explanation of commonly used terminology ( fastboot , adb… ) . there are some differences between manufacturers/brands : google : very easy , with standard tools ( adb , fastboot ) sony : rather easy , all standard tools + special tool ( flashtool by androxyde ) , locked bootloader that needs an unlock code from website ( not possible for all branded phones ) motorola : rather hard to mod , locked bootloaders samsung : rather easy , unlocked bootloaders ( except for some branded phones )
i appreciated the presentation video of rom manager , the best known app to backup a phone and install a new rom : https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embeddedv=psmi8kmbney
my solution , which seems to be working so far , is quite related to what was proposed by t0mm13b . that proposal was to adjust the dhcp settings . however , my router is quite limited in functionality and it is impossible to adjust wifi settings on it . insane , i know . so , i set my phone to use a static ip address instead of using dhcp . so far , so good .
three things that springs to mind channel number of the wifi 's broadcast for the ssid ( the identifier of the wifi network ) , try changing it to another channel ? wifi sleep policy , go into settings > wifi , hit menu , tap on advanced , keep wifi on during sleep , set that to ' never ' lease time on the dhcp 's ip address , there is a persistent bug in the wifi driver ( well it existed in gb ) if the lease time is set to -1 ( which is standard de-facto for " unlimited" ) , the wifi mechanism within the rom has difficulty in understanding that -1 i.e. negative number for the lease time , which results in similar problems with connecting to the wifi . try setting the lease time to a positive range , eg , 7200 seconds , or 2 hours and see what happens .
there are newer radios out there that greatly improve the radios . https://dl.dropbox.com/u/19045917/411_radios.zip since you are rooted i assume you know how to flash radios .
you can not , sorry . we open-sourced it so that people would get involved and make these sorts of enhancements . so far , we have had precisely zero contributions back . wanna be our first ? :- )
saw this on another site : ryan answered 4 weeks ago i was having the same issue after i updated my galaxy s3 to android 4.3 . i think i just fixed it . here 's what i did : from the home screen , click the apps icon open the " downloads " app in my case the files that kept showing up in the notification pull down were in the other downloads tab click the " clear list " button at the bottom of the screen after a restart i did not get any more notifications . source : just did this myself .
there are custom recoveries for your device but they are only available for the wi-fi only galaxy tab 4 10.1- twrp ( sm-t530 ) , odin/heimdall flash cwm ( sm-t530 ) , odin/heimdall flash **
you can unlock phones a few ways : 1 ) buy an unlocked phone 2 ) unlock via 3rd party software that will more than likely result in a voided warranty 3 ) wait for carrier commitment to be up and then ask them to unlock . the thing with trying to unlock phones from different carriers though , is that verizon is cdma and att is gsm . so with that , you can unlock the phone yes , but whether it will work on att ( be it at all or how well ) is up to you . my guess is that voice/text will work fine , but you will not get any data until you edit the apn and then it is up in the air .
try installing betterbatterystats or gsam battery monitor pro . both apps can provide you granular data about how your phone 's battery is being drained . you know the power hog is google reader but these apps can help you determine if the app is killing the battery because it is using a ton of data or if it is initiating long or frequent wake-locks . . . if i had to guess without any more info , i would guess that reader is updating in the background frequently and consuming a lot of data .
unfortunately , you really need root for this . from clocksync , google themselves have mentioned this : hi , it is by design that applications can not change the time . there are many subtle aspects of security that can rely on the current time , such as certificate expiration , license management , etc . we do not want to allow third party applications to globally disrupt the system in this way .
starting with kitkat , you can make one app the default sms app . by default , on a device with google apps , that is hangouts , but you can install as many sms apps as you like . if they have been developed/updated for kitkat , they should be fitted to be used as " default sms app " . of course , if you do not need one of the pre-installed apps , or do not want to use it at all , you can go to settings→apps and see whether it can be disabled ( some pre-installed bloatware is protected against this ) .
you cannot execute either binary or shell script that resides on the external sdcard due to the execute permission bit being blocked . either move the script temporarily to a location other than sdcard ( if you are not rooted - you are in a bit of a spot there . . . ) after reading the posting on xda , it would appear that something is amiss , notify the developer of that forum and post it there and see what response you get : ) edit : you have that external sdcard treated as mass-storage device . turn that off and see what happens ( had to read all of the thread and some one posted - see #18 there ! )
go to settings> wireless and network> usb settings . disable usb debugging if promted and select the usb mode you want . kies for syncing with the kies application on the desktop or mass storage for mounting the /sdcard and /sdcard/external_sd partitions
given that mcafee himself ( who has had nothing to do with the software for years after selling it to intel ) describes the product as " the worst software on the planet " , i would take the refund and be grateful at dodging that bullet . i will not recommend a particular one , but you could buy six copies of a competing android security product for what a year 's subscription to mcafee live safe costs .
i just installed orbot awhile ago , and i got it working on my rooted samsung galaxy s4 . you need to set the proxy for your apn . go to System Settings &gt; More networks &gt; Mobile networks &gt; APN . open your existing apn , and take note of the settings . you need to make a clone of this apn ( so that you will still have the original apn , and have another apn that goes through tor ) . go back to the apns page , and create a new apn , copying the settings from the other apn . then , set these : proxy : localhost port : 8118 after that , make sure you select the newly-created apn as your new apn . your network will refresh in a bit . open your browser and open check.torproject.org . if it was successful , you should see something like this : warning : if you use the gmail app ( or in my case , kaiten configured with my gmail ) , it may detect unauthorized access , and you may be asked to reset your gmail password online .
if you deny superuser access it works . at least on my vzw s4 it does .
logcat does not need root . simples - its a de-facto standard across the board in respect to different android versions and is part of android irrespective if you are rooted or not , and is a standard means for diagnosing problems as in for example - you install an app , the app force close , you complain to developer of said app , chances are quite high the developer will ask " send over the logcat " regardless if you are rooted or not ! alogcat is one way of gathering the information , with the option of logging to webpage layout or plain text , bear in mind , if you schedule it to log at a certain frequency such as every 15 minutes , the sdcard will fill up quite quickly . another aspect , usage of logcat will be dependent on the kernel in terms of how much it can store - in any kernel that is used by the rom , the source for the logging from a kernel level , where it reserves the memory for the logcat service can be found in drivers/staging/android/logger.c using the appropriate defines for example : define_logger_device ( log_main , logger_log_main , 64*1024 ) define_logger_device ( log_events , logger_log_events , 256*1024 ) define_logger_device ( log_radio , logger_log_radio , 64*1024 ) define_logger_device ( log_system , logger_log_system , 64*1024 ) again , mileage will vary , some developers of such roms will choose to minimize consumption to reduce memory overheads . . .
no , you do not need root to access logcat . my device ( samsung galaxy note , gingerbread 2.3.6 with stock rom ) is not rooted ( yet ! ) and i have used the following ways to access log on my device : catlog app alogcat app activated sshdroid app , and connected to the device terminal using an ssh client using android sdk and running adb logcat however , the terminal app does not allow you to run logcat , and gives you " permission denied " . i am not sure why .
no , you do not need root to get logcat information . to do it , you probably want to download the android sdk and run " adb logcat " , using the adb tool that comes with the sdk . alternatively , you could install the adt eclipse plugin and use its handy streaming logcat viewer .
it seems you cannot run logcat from terminal emulator without having root on your phone . in this case you have to su first . afaik , it comes from android permissions : terminal emulator simply does not have enough permissions to view device 's log . so the system says permission denied . on the other hand , as others said , there are plenty of apps that allow you to view device 's log just because they request the permission .
you do not need to root your phone to run adb logcat with the android sdk , but i did just test it in my terminal emulator and i did have to be root ( used the su command -- my phone is already rooted ) to run logcat in the terminal on my phone . so yes : if you have root on your phone you can run logcat from a terminal on your phone .
these free apps in the market claim to be able to display your logcat , and do not make any mention of root . should only take you a few minutes to try them out : catlog alogcat logviewer edit : thanks to @mente for reminding me that these apps will only let you view the full logfile in older versions of android . android 4.1 brought in a new security model around logfiles that meant that apps could only read their own logfiles and logfile entries , and can not read logfile entries written by the system or other apps . there is however still both a way for an app 's user to generate a logfile of the app 's recent log entries to be sent to a developer , and for a phone 's owner to grant permissions to allow an app to read the logfile without full root , but this does require you to use an adb command , which unfortunately takes it out of the reach of most normal phone users : if you want the user to give you debugging information , you can have them generate a bug report with power + volume down + volume up which includes the logs and lots of other data , and automatically brings up their e-mail app to sent it all ( plus a screenshot ) . we were just discussing that we should have an easier way to generate these as well , i am going to look at adding something to the settings app . i also have started introducing the concept of a " development " permission , which read logs is classified as . this allows the app to request the permission , but not get it at install . you can however grant it with an adb shell command once it is installed . at some point later i expect to have a ui in the system for doing this , but we are going to hold off on that to be careful about how we present this . excerpt from a post on google groups by dianne hackborn , android framework engineer . my emphasis . the mentioned adb command to grant an application permission to read the logs is : adb shell pm grant &lt;pkg&gt; android.permission.READ_LOGS  this setting should survive reboots and upgrades of the app ( but not uninstalls/reinstalls ) .
the application android system info has the ability to output log info to the screen which as far as i can tell is the same log info as logcat spits out .
asus released an update , and it is been 2 weeks since it happened
mhl is a new wire protocol , using very clever signalling technology to use very few wires to transmit a lot of data : 1080p video , 7.1 channel surround sound , and rcp remote control data . mhl also uses the existing power lines on usb to allow the tv to power the connected device . when connected to an mhl display , the display controller on the phone speaks the mhl protocol just like it would speak the hdmi protocol to an hdmi display . the mhl standard itself is just the signalling protocol : it does not specify what connectors are used . this allows the micro-usb connector on a phone to detect when it is being used for mhl , and switch to speaking the mhl protocol . apart from the connector , there is no relationship between mhl and usb , so you can not use a usb hub : the cable has to connect directly to the device . hdcp hdcp on mhl works in exactly the same way as over an hdmi or displayport connection : the intention is that only consuming devices with a valid , unrevoked device key can perform key exchange and thus decipher the content . see the wikipedia page on hdcp if you want to learn about that , or about why the intended behaviour is not the actual behaviour . mhl connections there are three types of cable . the first is not an adaptor at all : it is just a cable for connecting an mhl producer such as a phone to an mhl consumer such as a tv . you can only use this if your tv supports mhl and has the appropriate connector . the second is the 5-pin micro-usb-to-hdmi adaptor you have mentioned . you can still only use this if your tv supports mhl , but it means the tv does not need a special port . it does not use the hdmi protocol , or convert any signals : it is just a cable with a micro-usb connector on one end and an hdmi connector on the other . the third is the 11-pin micro-usb-to-hdmi adaptor . this is needed for newer samsung phones , which are incompatible with the 5-pin adaptors . only the connection to the device is different : as far as the tv is concerned , it works the same as the 5-pin adaptor , and the tv must still support mhl . as you have surmised , the use for the extra pins is that 11-pin cables support using usb-on-the-go at the same time : the adaptor is y-shaped , with a micro-usb connector at one end , and hdmi and micro-usb connectors at the other . the usb part works as normal and can be used with hubs , either in host mode or peripheral mode . displaylink the other thing you have seen , a " usb to hdmi convertor " , is for pcs . software running on the pc acts as an extra framebuffer , and uses proprietary compression technology to compress the video stream so that it can be sent on a normal usb link . the compression protocol is secret , and optimized for sending computer guis rather than movies . the hdmi end of the convertor has enough processing power inside it to decompress the stream into a framebuffer , which it sends over hdmi to the connected screen . the technology is developed and owned by displaylink ( formerly newnham technologies ) , based near me in cambridge , gb . because they rely heavily on software running on the producer , they do not support android , and likely never will . and because the compression protocol is secret and proprietary , the open-source community will not be able to supply a driver either . these devices use the standard usb protocol , so they work with hubs , but of course any delay or bandwidth contention caused by other devices will make the display laggy and add compression artifacts .
this depends entirely on the oem and what features they decide to put in their devices . however , i have used a panorama feature since the beginning ( 2.3 gingerbread ) on my nexus s , and have had it all the way till my 4.2 galaxy nexus , so i can say that the stock android camera app has panorama , at least 2.3 onwards . beyond that , device specific panorama is dependent on the oem . you could always use third party apps , like this one , which supports android 2.1 and above .
as gathrawn already indicated , the answer to your question is covered by how to backup an android device ? . as far as the kernel is concerned , two of the answers apply : using adb pull to do a file system copy as described in this answer create a nandroid backup from within your custom recovery as detailled in this answer both variants require your device to be rooted , and for the nandroid backup you will need to have a custom recovery ( e . g . clockworkmod ) installed .
Settings &gt; Language and keyboard &gt; Swype on a galaxy s2
i am looking at swype right now , and it is got a cogweel in the bottom left corner , which if pressed for more than 1 second gives you a choice of the input methods ( swype , android keyboard , others . . . ) http://i.stack.imgur.com/3jg4v.png
i am having precisely the same issue . i was comfortably getting 18ish hours , and now roughly 9 . android os was at somewhere around 75% usage , where normally it rests cozily below display usage . i have swapped in my spare battery and things appear marginally better , but i am not so sure just yet . i am pondering the possibility that a hard power off might have helped also ( vs . a regular reboot ) check out this article also , it seems very familiar and his was a faulty antenna .
the solution : ok here is the deal . . . i researched this as it happened to me just that way a few days ago . . . . but first , some background . i bought the samsung galaxy 3 from radio shack-my carrier is sprint . the device has not been rooted . had pretty good luck with the samsung epic ( galaxy s ) . installed : juice defender pro-almost doubled my battery life until . . . . 4 days ago , i awoke at about 6 am to see that the battery had been charged , so i disconnected the charger . went back to sleep , and about 8am , was horrified to see that the battery had somehow drained to 23% . . . it had drained 3/4 of its capacity in just under 2 hours ! well that aint happening . after some very tedious research , i was left with a few possibilities : 1 ) bad battery or device ( no kidding ) ( 2 ) make some setting changes ( i did that . . . i set my display to minimum and not to auto , and made a few other changes ) but the thing that did the trick was uninstalling some apps that i just installed . once that was done , the phone ran fine . the problem is that some applications , especially third party ones , will not always work properly , and/or can drain the battery . the only way to know for sure is to uninstall them . . . wait to see if it helps , and if it does , then install them again , and see if the problem returns . i elected to not reinstall the applications . i figure that i can try others , and today , i only install one app at a time , and if the phone behaves properly , then it stays . there are many things one can do to extend battery life . i love juice defender pro . it does what it says it will do , and was worth every dime i paid . there are other things you can do like use airplane mode when listening to mp3 's . i went on a motorcycle ride , listened to music for 3 hours , and only used about 8% of my battery life to do it . anyway , i hope this helps . try getting rid of apps that were most recently installed before the issue occurred . it was the solution 's for me .
are any apps showing suspiciously high cpu use ? you can check with seepu , or with ' top ' command at the terminal or adb-shell .
as far as i know this is not really possible . but there are apps available in the play store that implement a panic button where you can place a button on your home screen ( and maybe also your lock screen , but i have not it yet ) . one of those apps i found is red panic button . but you can also have a look in the play store yourself if you search for something like panic button etc .
there are several shutdown apps on the market , they all needed root . you can combine them with widgetlocker and put their icons on your lockscreen for quick shutdown .
can you once try by clearing the " market " and " download manager " cache and data ? to do so go to settings -> manage applications -> select " market " from " all " tab and click clear cache and clear data . do the same for " download manager "
you need a cache clean up apps to get rid of all those nasty hanging apps . there you will find that your cache has alot in it . cleaning it once a day helps with performance also so try to make it a habbit of cleaning it once a day ! !
sounds like asus has installed stubs as system apps . you had need root to remove them or unlink them from the market .
i wonder if you uninstalled via some method other than the market and things got out of sync ? settings / manage applications or a launcher shortcut , for instance . i would suggest re-installing both apps , then uninstalling via their market pages .
had the same problem , seems like the app tries to use ports other than http specific ones , so your proxy server might be blocking them , that is why you probably might get connection errors , so simple way , try using firefox browser it directs video stream via http proxy . so how it works out for you mob .
make sure your proxy server is not blocking video streaming . if connectify is broadcasting an internet connection which is already established thru proxy , android has got system-wide proxy connection . so , there is no need to setup proxy in particular player . sometimes , proxy servers limit the speed of video streaming and even block it . so , get this info first if proxy server is not managed by you . then , try using real player and let me know . .
not gingerbread-specific , but according to ohloh , android was created using : c c++ java others
as i stated in the comments , version 2.3.4 is the latest version for phones . versions 3.0 , 3.1 , and 3.2 are all for tablet devices . version 4.0 will be released on the galaxy nexus sometime this month . version 4.0 ( code named ice cream sandwich ) was designed to run on both phones and tablets which may clear up the confusion surrounding the numbered releases . though google controls the android operating system and when it gets released , it is up to the manufacturers to decide whether to put it on their devices . some companies , like htc and motorola , actually rewrite pieces of android with their own special features , like htc sense and motorola blur . the companies have the choice to push out an update or not . some of those companies have come out with plans to update their phones to 4.0 . zte has not announced ( as of a couple weeks ago ) any plans to upgrade their phones to 4.0 but there is no doubts they will not . the second option is to wait until google releases the code for 4.0 . once they do this , the android community ( like xda ) will work on a rom of the operating system which you would then be able to install on your device manually . doing so is not an easy process and involves dedication and a free weekend . if you consider this route , you should also do a little research to make sure doing so will not " brick " your phone or cause side effects with your service provider . however , it will provide the most clean and pure android experience you can get . edit : as @eldarerathis pointed out in the comments , google did release a version of gingerbread numbered 2.3.7 but it is only to support there google wallet product which at this time is only supported on nexus devices or devices with nfc . if you had like to build this version yourself and install it on your device , you can download the android source code and build it yourself . there are instructions on how to do this at the site . however , i would strongly recommend waiting until 4.0 ( ice cream sandwich ) is released . for documentary purposes , i will update this answer upon release of 4.0 .
i would try removing the battery and plugging it into usb . then , while holding both volume down and home , insert the battery and wait . this should get you into download mode ( screen with yellow triangle ) and kies should be able to update you . if this does not work try other key combos -- both volume buttons , or volup+home . if they do not work either , disconnect from usb and put the battery in . then while holding one of the key combos , click the power button and wait . yank the battery and reinsert to try a different combo if need be .
if you did not purchase the app ( i.e. . it was free ) , it should be gone . if you did , then it is always there because you have purchased the right to download it .
for google cloud things such as contacts , do i need to backup the cloud version just in case , so the phone does not wipe them from the cloud ? if you set your contact list to sync with gmail 's contact list , you do not need to backup your gmail 's contacts list ; just like every cloud-based services you would need to change how you think about where data is stored , gmail 's contact list is not a backup of the phone 's contact list , the gmail 's version is the primary reference copy and the phone 's contact list is just a local cache of the online version . unfortunately ( or , in your particular case , fortunately ) , sms storage is not a cloud service . if you do a factory reset , you lose all your sms messages . therefore , you need to do manual backup of your sms messages . there are multitudes of sms backup apps in the market , both free and paid ; i do not know which ones plays wells with the sms bug since i do not experience the bug myself . hard resetting the phone will not affect the sd card , correct ? yes . your sd card is your own data , android will not touch the sd card in any way when doing factory resets . my paid apps come back from market anyway , right ? yes , android market purchases are tied to your gmail account , and you should not need to repay any of your paid apps as long as you used the same account . however , if you purchased apps outside of android market , you may need to contact the developer of those app or the alternative market where you made the purchase and ask their policy on this . p.p.s. i have appbrain . is that automatically remembering all apps i have on the phone ? yes , including those you install directly from the market . just make sure you sync your app list with appbrain before you do a factory reset .
appbrain will make it easy to restore your apps . after the reset , install appbrain first ( ish ) and use it to get back all the apps you had before . ( sync before you reset . ) market will remember your paid apps so you will be able to get those without having to repay . your google app data ( e-mail , contacts , calendar ) are backed up to the " cloud " already , so you should not have to do anything special with them . if you really want to you could export them to a csv file , but you should not have to . you probably do not need to , but i would copy the contents of the sd card to a temporary location . just in case . as for other apps that keep data only local . . . i can not speak to those . i know that for myself everything important has a backup somewhere else . ( yay dropbox ! ) unfortunately ( or , actually , fortunately ) , i do not have any personal experience with a factory reset . everything i have read says that it is really not that bad , excepting those apps that do not have dynamic storage strategies . good luck !
well , titanium backup is a great choice for you . besides that you can backup your data , settings and apn to some safe place or move them to your sd card . although , it is not necessary do not keep your sd card in while doing a factory restore . as mentioned earlier , your data is already stored in google play account , so you do not need to pay multiple times for the app you purchased . the other issue would be backing up games and other data so you do not have to start from the scratch .
while you are not currently rooted , then , assuming you can get your device rooted , i can recommend titanium backup . the basic version is free , and allows you to back up whichever apps and settings you want to your sd card . i have used this myself when upgrading from 2.1 to 2.2 , and it kept every single app setting in the condition it started . if this sounds interesting , an easy and painless way to root your device , is by using z4root , which lets you one-click root on a lot of devices , including the galaxy s , which wikipedia tells me the epic 4g is a variant of .
i believe it is linked to the sim for security , but not stored on the sim ( so you can take it out ) .
as sparx said , depending on how you rooted , you can " unroot " with an app if you only rooted your device and did nothing else . if you modified android , by say , removing some bloatware , or flashed another rom on your device , then you will need to use something like kies , odin or heimdall to flash back the stock rom . flashing back the stock rom can replace all traces of any software modification that you have done to the device . this can include the os , boot , and kernel . i have never used kies so i can not speak about how good that works . kies is the " official " update tool for the devices . i have used odin in the past . it is a samsung product , but it is basically a leaked software that is used internally . heimdall is an open source alternative to odin that works on other platforms besides windows . it uses the same protocols that odin uses . if you do go any of the " flashing stock " routes , try to search for someone giving instructions exactly how to do it . the community is very large , and someone has already done it . if you look , you can find their step by step instructions that you can follow .
if you were not successfull just using google , have a look in the android open source project aosp . you will find openssl and the answer to your question . there is a nice page which allows for very fast searches inside aosp : http://androidxref.com/source/
from the steps above , i think you already flash a clockworkmod recovery ( boot . img ) hold volume down until the recovery shows up use the volume keys to select mount select mount usb storage connect your phone to your pc copy the cm10 zip file to your phone’s internal sd card eject phone from pc and unmount usb storage select wipe data/factory reset > yes . select install zip from sd card > choose zip from sd card > select the cm10_endeavoru-ota-eng . noeri-028 . zip file > yes . select go back > reboot system now .
if you are having the same problem , i did where you can only play it when the option is set to all music option on the play music app , but cant find it when the option is set to " on device " then here is what you have to do : make sure its set to all music , go to listen now . find the songs that you want to download onto you device and there should be something on the song that allows you to do things with it , like add to queue . look on that menu and there should be an option saying keep on device , push that and it will start downloading it to your phone and then when you switch it over to the on device music option it should be on that list . hope this helped !
go to the folder : /mnt/SDcard/android/data/com.google.android.music/cache/music  and remember that the songs do not come up with the title as their file name , gm creates its own numeric filename ( god knows why , it is annoying ) .
i was having the same problem and just fixed it : under the google play ( app the you purchased it from ) search in the music section the song you bought . when your results come up click the one that says purchased and then click listen ( i did mine under wi-fi might be able to do it through data ) . i should give a message saying error , just click try again and it should sync . at least that is what mine did . good luck , hope it works for you if you did not already fix it .
go to settings then google and make sure sync is on in google music . that was my problem .
i found this link helpful for downloading google play music onto my samsung galaxy siii . https://support.google.com/googleplay/answer/1250232 navigate to google play store select music from the left soft key on your phone , select my music from the upper left menu in google play ( it should say listen now ) , select playlist scroll to find the free and purchased playlist and select it on the right side of google play , below the playlist image you should see a thumbtack in a circle . it will probably be grey . make sure you are connected to wifi ( to avoid using data ) and select the thumbtack . it should turn orange and your download should start . i have not found a way to download individual songs yet . . .
when you go to the play music app , on top where it says listen now , change it from " on device " to " all music " . hope this helps .
you can only set songs that are actually on your sdcard . . . music from the cloud on google music are saved in a database , so you can not access them
in response to : " if anyone provides a quick way to skip all this mess and just make the notifications last longer , that would be appreciated too . " use the free rings extended app to easily choose any audio file ( music or clips ) for notifications/ringtones - without having to copy anything to specific folders . just to clarify , this will not show up as an app when installed . however , whenever you try to change a ringtone/notification , " rings extended " will show as an option , which you can then choose to open the app for choosing a ringtone/notification . additionally , you can use ringdroid ( also free ) to cut the required part/length from a sound file ( or music track ) on the device . unfortunately i do not live in an area that allows me to buy music on the play store so i can not help with that problem .
i think your are missing an important concept of google play music : the songs are kept in the cloud and are streamed on-demand if you want to listen to them . if you want to keep them on the device for offline listening , you have to check ' keep on device ' . now it should be clear what that option does . the links you mentioned in your question are all about ' how to get uploaded music ( with google musicmanager ) to appear on your device ' . they are not about how to let the actual song file appear on the device . this 2 questions should help you further : how can i turn songs from google play music into ringtones ? where does google music store offline songs ?
when in the message window , " long press " the image ( hold your finger down on the image for a second or two ) and a menu should pop up giving you the option to download or save the attachment . when you go to your gallery you will usually see attachments you have downloaded in a folder called " downloads " or " messaging . "
i have a galaxy s4 running android 4.2.2 in messaging in the message i have been sent a photo . . underneath it says mms i tap the photo and it goes fullscreen i tap the ( anachronistic floppy disk ) save icon i can rename it i hit ok and it responds with : attachment copied to device storage it is now saved to : internal storage/download i use dropbox to grab it from there it does not appear in my gallery : ( if i accidentally long-press i choose save attachment for the same thing
i found the solution by myself . in settings > lock screen you can configure your lock screen . there are options to change the way screen is unlocked , to change wallpaper and to change widget and shortcuts .
i suggest you take it to a repair shop , as it sounds like a hardware issue . most likely something has happened to the hardware , and the device will no longer power on . you may also want to try removing the battery for a while , and then reconnecting it .
problem fixed by pulling out the sim card , starting the phone without it , then reinserting the sim card after turning the phone off , of course .
ok , what i ended up doing was using the astro file manager app to access /system/customize/resource on my phone , which seems to have the wallpaper graphics ( amongs a load of other stuff ) . i copied the wallpaper i wanted to customize to an easy-to-reach place on the sd card ( edit | copy , then paste , in astro ) , and copied it to my pc . customized the wallpaper , and then copied it to the sdcard 's dcim directory via a usb cable ( you can also use bluetooth for this ) . i set it as my phone 's background and it worked ! yay ! kudos to the people at xda-developers . for those interested , i just wanted to have my phone 's make/model display as part of the background . here 's my new background wallpaper :
according to your df output , you only have 361.7m left not 1.4gb . all the apps are installed on the local storage i.e. sdcard0 by default . this means that when your internal storage runs out of space , you will not be able to install any new apps . you can try one ( or all ) of the following : uninstall unnecessary apps ; from recovery , wipe cache and dalvik cache partitions ; delete the . odex file if it is already there . for the last . odex file , the instructions from the xda thread are , open the terminal and : su cd /data cd /app ls rm (packagename.odex)  yet another alternative solution is to manually delete the app folder in /data/app-lib . see more details in this xda thread .
comparing confirmed chinese translation of these four symbols ( yes -- it is a manufacture date ) with izzy 's answer , which states , that li+ batteries have a self-discharge rate of approximately 5–10% per month , we end up with conclusion , that even with most optimistic scenario , li-ion batteries stored in store or warehouse without cyclic re-charge ( which most likely never happened ) are completely dead after 20 months at most . which is equivalent to less than two years . which leads us to a conclusion , that 2,5 half year old li-ion batteries are completely useless and should not be purchased nor used .
the power button is handled at a very low level by something like a watchdog , so if it is not working , the problem is probably in hardware , not software . that means it probably needs physically replacing . take it to a repair shop and have them check it out . even if you do not think you did anything to break it , it could be the result of an earlier impact : e.g. it cracked the circuit board , but only after continued use has the crack broken the electrical circuit .
without root access on the device , probably nowhere . with root , most likely in /data/data/com.google.android.apps.magazines . if the app stores data on sdcard , it should be found below Android/data/com.google.android.apps.magazines .
i have rebooted my phone and when i tried again it let me register . the account is linked to htcsense . com which seems odd as there is a message there saying that it is closing down its services !
there is no standard for this in the bluetooth protocol stack , so the solution depends highly on the manufacturer of the device . if the manufacturer has not created an app for android , it is probable that you would have to program it yourself or have someone do it for you . this would require that the manufacturer has public protocol definitions available for the communication between the devices .
on my galaxy s3 , running 4.1.2 , the user dictionary is a background service that can be disabled . if you are running a similar device look into the following : settings\app manager\all\user dictionary click the disable button . if you are using a different device or system this could get you started in the right direction .
this question gets asked a lot about linux in general . mtp from the default repos will work in mint , no problem . i have written a tutorial on how to get mtp devices recognized under ubuntu , but it is the same for mint : install mtp : sudo apt-get install mtpfs create a directory to mount your device : sudo mkdir /media/mtpdevice ( call the directory whatever you like ) sudo chmod 775 /media/mtpdevice sudo mtpfs -o allow_other /media/mtpdevice plug in you phone and use mtp tools to determine the vid and pid ( or , if those do not appear in the output , idvendor and idproduct ) : mtp-detect add a rule to udev to handle your phone : gksu gedit /etc/udev/rules . d/51-android . rules text to add : ( substitue vid and pid for "" and "" ) SUBSYSTEM=="usb", ATTR{idVendor}=="&lt;vendorId&gt;", ATTR{idProduct}=="&lt;productId&gt;", MODE="0666"  restart udev : sudo service udev restart you may also need to reboot , depending . this works on my linux mint 15 + mate box . note : if you have your device locked ( eg , which a swipe code or pin ) , you’ll need to unlock it before your sd card ( s ) can be recognized by mtp and have it mount them for you to access locally .
enable usb debugging from settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Development then connect your phone to a machine that has superoneclick installed . open superoneclick , click the root button and . . . viola : )
sorry , this answer is slightly off-topic but still important for your use case . the thing you are most likely to have to worry about is heat . having the screen on will generate heat , and you will need to plug into an external power source which when charging the battery will also generate a lot of heat . this could damage the internal components ( including the screen ) over a long period , but unfortunately i do not have any evidence to support this .
you should be able to set the lock screen in Settings &gt; Lock screen &gt; Screen security .
try setting - - > personalize - - > lock screen style
yes , there is a way to do it , use cyanogenmod 's github - for reference - this applies across the board whether with aosp , caf , cm , aokp , its found in frameworks/base/data .
it does not work with my hp wireless printer :- ( at the moment google cloud print requires a pc connected to the printer - hardware manufacturers are supposedly going to release printers with the software built in - but seeing as the software is nowhere near complete . . . it could be years and you will need a new printer ! the hp printer has its own method for mobile printing though . hp have a system where you send a special address your documents as email attachments and the printer will print them . the same printer works fine with iphone directly . my wife just taps print and it prints her documents . . . i think android needs to get printing using existing standards asap .
judging from other apps , i would suspect the answer to be samsung printers only . that being said , hp has eprint , but google 's cloud print offers printing for older models of printers as well regardless of make .
it does require a samsung printer . from the android market description : compatible with samsung wireless and networked printers only thanks for mentioning the app . it did not come pre-installed on my phone and i do have a samsung wireless printer .
user2183694 suggested that i run byobu attach-session , but when i did that , the byobu screen would come up for a split-second then quickly pop-up at the bottom the message : cannot exec 'attach session': no such file or directory  then it would drop back to the normal terminal . this at least gave me hope that it could work on the phone . then i tried just byobu , which gave me the error : ERROR: Sessions should be nested with care. Remove 'screen' from $TERM to force.  echo $TERM responds with : screen  but even using TERM= byobu responds with : Please set a terminal type.  so i tried screen -r , which gave me the self-contradictory message : There is a screen on: 3658.byobu (12/01/14 21:03:57) (Attached) There is no screen to be resumed.  but i discovered that screen -r -d works ! unfortunately the -d detaches any other screen connections ( eg from my other pc ) , but at least it works . i do not know why i have to detach other sessions , i can actually reconnect them from another pc after connecting from the phone without problems though . if anyone knows how to do it without detaching existing sessions , that would be good . tldr use screen -r -d
you should be able to use the attach-session command to attach your existing byobu session . byobu attach-session 
well , one that comes to mind - if application is removed from market or is not listed as compatible for your device , restoring from google account is one way of getting those applications . i did it with " fml official " and " amazon " applications when they were not available on nexus 7 2013 - " backed " them up on my samsung s2 and " restored " on nexus 7 . and , of course , for some applications settings are restored too .
as david said , you can restore an unsupported app from a previous backup , or you can restore the data of that app ( e.g. saves in a game ) . when you install an app from the play store , you are limited to what is available for your country ( unless you are rooted then there some ways to go around it ) and even if you install an app that you previously had , the data will not be restored . google play store just backs up your apps names so when you restore through the play store , the data is not restored .
partial answer , once i figured out the general principle - touch random places on the screen , and this app . sometimes produces briefly visible icons that apparently the designers find cooler and easier to use than using the menu button on the phone , or even an always visible icon on the screen . . . . if i swipe vaguely near the lower left of the camera app 's screen ( upper right of the device 's screen ; these positions are always in landscape orientation , whereas my device [ and i ] prefer portait ) i can make a small square image briefly appear ; this image contains a thumbnail of the most recent picture i have taken . when tapped , i can see that picture . i can then side scroll to get to earlier pictures . if i again touch the lower left of the camera app 's window - which can be reoriented back to portrait when in this state - i get a set of 3 icons + a date at the bottom of the window , and one at the upper left . the date appears to be the date the picture was taken . if i click the first icon from the left , looking like 2 upward pointing diverging arrows , i get a menu : photo share amazon send to kindle bluetooth email gmail picasa print to retail text messaging then a label " downloaded apps " concur i guess i can send the picture to any program i wish , provided it is on the cell phone . how amazingly useful . the circled arrow - 2nd from the left - talks about a " quick upload " app . which requires me to set up a " default quick upload account " to use it . no clue where it would be uploaded , or what privacy might apply . the downward pointing arrow - on the far right - offers me the following list more ( that turned out to be a header , unclickable ) delete set as edit print picture info the icon at the upper left that looked like a camera takes me back to picture taking mode so , ( 1 ) it is possible to see what pictures you have taken . ( 2 ) it is probably possible to get access to the files from other computers , by mailing them to one 's gmail account , then downloading the attachments - much more " convenient " than having access to the image files - not . ( i say probably because i have not yet tried this . perhaps it will turn out that there are more bugs here , or another layer of impenetrable user interface ) ( 3 ) the files themselves are not made available directly to the unfortunate user/owner of the device .
i have already found out the problem , it is because of the upgrading of the firmware . i brought my phone to samsung and they found out that the firmware installed in the device is somehow not genuine ( do not know about this , i got my device from globe telecom as brand-new . ) disclaimer : this solution is for samsung device under warranty period . samsung said the problem occurs when you update through ota when you have an inconsistent internet connection making the ' applypatch ' running as if it cannot find all necessary files for upgrade and continuously searching and patching it . solution to this is to backup first your device , bring it to samsung service center then have them format it and install a genuine os . after that , my device is back to normal with updated genuine android 4.2.2 jellybean and just have to restore my data . if your warranty is over and if you are already rooted you can just reformat your android device with a legit rom and everything will be back to normal .
if you are under mac os x you can use " network link conditioner " . you can install it in xcode from : xcode > open developer tool > more developer tools it will open a ressources web page from apple ( you may need to login ) . in the resources list , search for the latest " hardware io tools " and download it . then install " network link conditioner " , it will add an option in your mac preference pane . the idea is to get your mac on ethernet . share its connection on wifi . limit the traffic with network link conditionner . and connect your android on your mac wifi . edit : it seems squid-cache support network throttling . http://www.tldp.org/howto/bandwidth-limiting-howto/index.html
there is also android remote computer over android that can control your pc via your smartphone ( mouse , keyboard ) free and without ads .
if you take a look at the air browse feature under air gestures , you will see that it is limited only to the following applications : gallery internet music player music on lock screen s memo so no , you can not use it for presentations .
from my knowledge of the sync functionality on the android it only syncs when it has something new on one of those services . it uses push technology to send you the latest updates as soon as they become available . if however new items are appearing in your mail , contacts and/or calendar and it is still not syncing then i would recommend you remove your google account and re-add it again . nb . i did have an issue with sync once where it just was not pushing any emails to my phone . . . it fixed itself after a couple of days .
not that i have found . it is just different names for the same phone . ( a pretty standard marketing practice . ) some more info here : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/htc_dream
get alarm clock xtreme free . there is also a paid version which removes the ads .
according to the specs at wikipedia it is 320 x 480 px 3.2 in ( 81 mm ) hvga 65,536 color lcd 180 pixels per inch ( ppi )
you might try an application like tasker . it detects state changes and events and allows you to change settings or take other actions based on that . it is really quite powerful in that regard . here 's a link to the app market https://market.android.com/details?id=net.dinglisch.android.taskermfeature=search_result please note that i am in now way affiliated with the company . i just like the product .
if your phone is rooted , i would highly recommend droidwall . it is a firewall application that allows you to restrict access to internet by application . it has separate permission settings for wifi and cell data , which allows you to restrict the data usage by the connection as well . chances are though that you will also need to be running a custom rom or kernel that has " iptables " module built-in . in terms of minimizing data usage in general , there are several settings you can play with . i would recommend going all manual by disabling " auto-sync " and " background data " options under Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Accounts &amp; sync . then take a look at interval update settings in all 3rd-party apps you use for services such as twitter ( twidroid , seesmic , etc . ) , facebook , e-mail ( k-9 mail , e-mail , gmail , etc . ) , rss feeders ( newsrob , feedr , etc . ) , and others ( widgets , weather apps , etc . ) most such apps let you configure the update interval via settings . either make them all disabled/manual , or use the farthest update interval they allow . also disable any notifications in these apps so that they use even less data . you might also be able to use some apps/widgets that toggle the data connection ( without affecting the cell signal ) and only enable it when you need to use apps requiring data ( retrieve e-mail , catch up on tweets , use browser , refresh weather status , etc . ) and then toggle it back off when you are done .
according to this market support page , active installs are installs that have not been uninstalled . it does not mention anything about the app having to be opened .
it should be located under android settings > location and security . but you need apps that support this feature in order to make full use of it . if you have a google apps or an exchange account your admin will be able to use the corresponding features like password reset etc . certain apps ( examples : llama / widgetlocker / wavesecure ) when made as device administrators are then allowed a higher level of access to system features .
you are probably having a problem using your device because of lack of internal space for running programs . you can use a very low level , low resource on the android to remove programs . install the android sdk package and use it to uninstall some of your apps to regain internal memory . you can even use it to back up the apps on your computer so that after you have your android working again you can choose which ones to put back . a good gui program for managing your apps and deleting files from your android is airdroid . however , you might not be able to install airdrod until you have made space using the android sdk package . you can start out with these commands : ( you will have to activate debugging from the settings menu in the android to use this option ) this give a list of all the packages : $ adb shell pm list packages  you can remove an app by running : $ adb uninstall [apt-name]  you can use the "-k " option to retain your data/cache in case you will be reinstalling the app after you have gotten your android functioning . you can us this command to see how much memory you have . this will allow you to know when you have retrieve sufficient memory to operate normally . it'll also allow you to identify better , if the memory is really your issue . $ adb shell cat /proc/meminfo  you can look at is it possible to backup apk from an installed application ? for more tips on using the adb command .
did you try to delete the data of the play store under settings-> apps-> all-> play store ?
also try logging into the play store on your pc 's browser .
i do not know why did i read " black in time " , which makes no sense : but as you wrote " my phone was in a back date " – check your time settings , please ! if your device time is too far off , certificates will cause trouble , which finally results in exactly that : no secure connection possible , and you cannot access your account . in cases like that it often helps to set the time manually ( must not be to the second , if it is a minute off it is still fine ) . then try again . you can set time adjustment to " automatic " again later . background : certificates have a " livetime " , including a start and an end . if your device is outside this frame , the certificate is either only valid " in the past " or " in the future " , but not " now " . so your device will reject it . without a valid certificate , the google play app will not be able to establish a secured connection , and thus give you an " unable to access " ( or similar ) error . same applies btw . to other apps using secured connections – including the web browser when accessing sites via https . the latter you can use to check whether you have tapped into this trap : start your web browser , try accessing e.g. https://www.google.com/ , and see what happens . if you get a " certificate warning " , that is it .
there is no easy way to control the mentioned scenario , since you may get away from your phone , leaving behind the device used to alert you . i have been playing around with an app , that basically runs a task when a certain action occurs within your phone . the test i performed , was having my phone playing a really loud sound if my phone gets disconnected from the bluetooth earpiece . it works , i go away from my phone and as soon as the bluetooth gets out of range , the phone starts to play the music . i hear the music and remind myself that my phone was left behind . of course that if you use dragon v2 bluetooth headset , it will only get out of range after 100 meters , which is roughly 10 times more distance than a regular bluetooth earpiece . : ) tasker tasker by crafty apps available from google play store ( 4,49€ ) from their website you have a free 14-day trial download .
i had the same problem . turn off your phone and then press both the power button and the volume down button at the same time and it will do a factory reset .
i ended up being too reluctant to downgrade again ! apparently lg have finally released an australian update so i just downloaded a stock p990 froyo rom , installed it via cwm , wiped data and cache , and everything works fine now ! it even fixed a bunch of issues i was having with usb drivers .
after restoring your backup of the original firmware , in recovery select Wipe Data/Factory Reset  this way you have the original firmware ( except for the recovery partition ) but without any user data .
i have experienced this problem myself . when you install cyanogenmod it changes the filesystem type to ext4 . however , your stock 2x backup almost definitely used the ext3 filesystem . if you want to revert to a stock rom on the 2x after trying cyanogenmod then the following tool can convert your filesystem type back to ext3: http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1021549 just download the zip and apply it like a normal rom in nandroid or clockworkmod . once it is done just restore your backup as normal .
system space is internal andoid space ( not your sd card/storage space ) . to make more empty space available in your system , you can do the following : clean system cache ( there are various apps to do that ) ; uninstall unused apps ; move apps to sd card ( with app2sd or similar application ) ; system space depends on the device and is limited amount of space which contains your rom , system and applications . it is not good if it has only 2% space left as your device might become slow or cause some apps to crash .
seems to be caused by same problem that drains my galaxy ace battery . i noticed when to turn off all data connections ( wifi , packet ( 2g/3g - no difference ) ) to save battery then the phone will actually drain battery ~2-3 times faster than with data on mode because it will not go to idle mode anymore . i suspect there are some system service witch uses data connections and prevents phone to go idle mode . but i have no idea , what it is , i have already switch off all google services ( background data , location service ) , all syncing , all apps , trying different software versions ( 2.3.4 , 2.3.5 , 2.3.6 with factory reset ) but no result . because there are extremely few information about that problem , i suggest that it related only with samsung software for few galaxy devices .
also happened on my samsung infuse . it took me awhile to realize what the problem was . and also as you stated it never used to do it , only about the time the warranty expired . but yeah disabling my data while at work ( which is a low signal 3g zone ) fixed the problem .
it looks like your phone tries to build a 3g connection only if packet data is enabled . after all , 2g is just fine for voice and texts . but unsuccessfully trying to create a connection when there is no network costs a lot of power . in my experience , phones normally cope just fine with that . my theory is that the 2g signal normally contains some sort of flag that indicates whether there is also a 3g signal . the 2g repeater would incorrectly send this flag -- possibly because the tower it gets its signal from sends it too . thus your phone wastes energy trying to connect to a signal that only exists somewhere else . if you cannot ( or do not want to ) replace the repeater by a more sophisticated model , you should turn off 3g altogether while in your office . gsm phones have a setting in Wireless &amp; networks -> Mobile networks -> Network Mode that lets you switch between wdcma ( 3g ) and gsm ( 2g ) . i do not know what the setting looks like on a cdma phone . you can probably automate this with tasker if you do want to use 3g where it is possible . alternatively you could use a widget to change the setting manually without having to go to the settings menu . one app that provides a widget for this is widgetsoid .
i had same problem and fixed this way : go to google sync and activate , then download an app named " ds battery saver . " since then , my google services no longer consume battery as it did . i think it is because it could not go into sleep mode . this app allows it to go to sleep . i have been using since then and it resolved my problems . before this , with my galaxy on idle , it only lasted 12 hours or so . that is without the screen on or making phone calls . it is an android bug has nothing to do with wifi . my wifi was always off , and still it drained all my battery .
you can disable these apps . this way the apps will not be running and will not be consuming any resources . you have not mentioned your android version , so here 's how you can disable an app in jelly bean , if you have another version of android just look around the setting may be somewhere else . Settings -&gt; Apps -&gt; All -&gt; Select the app you want to disable -&gt; Disable  you have also not mentioned what app you are talking about . remember , this only works for system apps , and they will still take up space on internal memory . if you have a downloaded app , you may have to uninstall it .
i am using a third party app called es task manager , which allows me to manually enable and disable autostarting for the most apps as i can see so far . you did not say if your samsung is rooted or not so i need to mention that you need a rooted device to perform this via the task manager . it might also be possible to transfer not only user installed apps but system apps as well with link2sd while beeing on a rooted device . at least these system apps are shown by link2sd , but i never really tried that out .
encrypt phone only encrypts the /data partition . encrypting the sd card is a separate function and is not implemented in stock android . some manufacturers ( i know motorola and samsung do ) extend the encryption ( optionally . where you find " encrypt phone " , you will also find an " encrypt sd card " option ) to the sd card . i can not determine whether cyanogenmod implements such a function or if it may be device-specific .
ah , tcpdump . why did not i think of that before ?
the sdk needs to be run as admistrator to be able to write those files . just retry and run it with elevated rights .
if you only want apps backed up , i recommend titanium backup . it requires root . its backup will be saved to /mnt/sdcard/TitaniumBackup/ , you can copy that folder to your computer just in case your card gets formatted . if you use clockworkmod / nandroid , do the same thing ( copy the /mnt/sdcard/clockworkmod/backup folder to your pc afterwards ) . the only real caveat is that you should flash the rom you had when the backup was done before restoring the backup . if the rom you flashed afterward was significantly different , restoring without first reflashing the previous rom can brick the phone .
this is indeed a question to stackoverflow . i asked a very similar question about a week ago , and basically , the answer is no , to implement that you will have to dig very deep into the code . see here for more . hope it fits your question .
edit : apparently download and recovery modes are merged for the g1 . just press alt-l on your physical keyboard while in download mode , and recovery will show up . what you are seeing is download mode . the key combination is usually subtly different . in the case of my phone , it is just a matter of having the phone connected to usb or not . you should try it with and without usb , as well as removing the battery and doing a fresh boot . ( you can also remove the battery , plug into usb , and reinsert the battery and try ) . also try other keys -- you already know using back instead gets you to that device info screen .
everything i read suggests i need to boot into recovery mode as a first step , if you are using samsung spica ( and probably most other samsung phones , not sure about other phones ) , the general idea of rooting/installing-custom-rom is that the very first time you flash your rom , you need to do it in download mode . this first flashing uses the system that samsung itself uses . this first flash will usually install clockworkmod custom recovery , which will replace the phone 's original recovery mode with a much more featureful version . once you have clockworkmod 's recovery , then you can install any rom in the clockwork 's . zip file format ; nearly all ( or all ? ) modded android are distributed as a clockwork . zip format .
with the stock firmware and without root you can’t accomplish what you want . to backup your entire phone you need complete access to the phone rom memory to copy all of its contents , and for that you need root access . i have a htc desire and what i’ve done is use unrevocked to gain root access to the phone and change the android recovery of the phone for one that includes tools to do “nandroid” backups , among other things like install rom from compressed files on the sd card . the process is simple and fast and in a few minutes you will have a phone with root access and a recovery system that give you plenty of new tools .
root should not erase any phone data . how do you expect to back up the entire device with only user permissions ? you need root permissions , in the absence of a system-level tool built into the os or bootloader or a pc-side tool for directly accessing the phone storage ( both are very unlikely ) . update : there is now os-supported backup which an app like helium can use to back things up without root . clockworkmod / nandroid is definitely not g1-only , there are dozens if not hundreds of supported devices . it is definitely the best way to back everything up . i recommend checking out xda 's x10 mini general forum and possibly the android development forum also ; read all the sticky threads , they should give you a good overview of all this . you can do the same for the desire .
according to the android developers guide this grid can vary by device ; for example , many handsets offer a 4x4 grid , and tablets can offer a larger , 8x7 grid that being said , most phones have a 4x4 grid . one exception that i know of is the galaxy note which has a 5x5 grid . also i have read about custom roms or mods that change a default 4x4 grid to 4x5 or 5x5
i know this app on the google play : wireless headphone that does exactly what you want . you need a 3.5mm-to-3.5mm audio cable and connect your tv 's headphone output to your laptop microphone input . and then you can listen to the audio on your android phone .
i had just activated my new credit card and it was sitting beside my nexus s and this kept happening . after reading this i tested it and it was the credit card causing it to happen .
sounds like nfc terminology to me . presumably either nfc is malfunctioning or you have been in the vicinity of nfc tags that are of a type your phone does not recognize . looks like id badges and probably some credit cards and so on could trigger this : http://forum.xda-developers.com/archive/index.php/t-989630.html
i had the same problem ( after the latest update to dropbox 2.3.8 , the other day ) , however i had 8gb memory left ( and some 600mb internal ) . i had to uninstall the whole app to make dropbox work again . with the following steps : clear cache and remove data uninstall the app restart the phone reinstall the app files can be opened again . . . i also tried to locate the " com . dropbox . android"-folder per the information at the following page ( http://www.reddit.com/r/nexus7/comments/19i7bs/dropbox_permanent_failure/ ) , but that was after i had uninstalled the application and i could not find the folder ( which seems logic ) . i am running a htc desire z with android os 2.3.3 . hope this helps !
i had the same problem . it was solved after i unlinked my device from dropbox ( in dropbox settings ) and then re-linked it .
i had the same message but discovered it was because i was connected to a secure wifi network which did not like me accessing files from the dropbox app on my htc one . solution : disconnected from the wifi and used my 3g on my phone .
i fixed this by removing data from the sd card . it was nearly full . freeing up ~1gb of the card solved the problem . it is likely that the application uses some sd card space to open files .
i resolved this issue by reinstalling the app , but now that i think about it , this might have been caused by the fact that i had changed my password ( using the web interface ) but never told by phone app the new password .
that happens on stock " launcher " sometimes , and i do not think that there is anything you can do until google , or the manufacturer releases an update . until then you can use a different launcher if it really bothers you . personally , i use next launcher 3d and nothing else . izzy 's response seems most feasible to me .
this seems to have been fixed in version 3.3.11 and above of the market app .
the only way to remove the other accounts from the market is to unsync them from the phone . settings > accounts and sync > click the google account > press remove account perhaps remove all three , add your account a , load the market . then go and add the other two accounts through accounts and sync and not through the market . this should leave account a as the default .
you dont have to move the apps to sd card . just select your apps in link2sd and then from menu select create link option . it will link your apps to sd card ( ext2 partition ) and not fat32 .
first of all , you need to upgrade from link2sd to link2sd plus so that you can move everything , including the data . move the app to phone memory , then create link , then check everything , then press ok . then , the whole app , including the lib files , data etc . is moved on to the 2nd partition .
you need to use link2sd to actually move the app to the second partition . if you simply use the built-in android way of moving it to the sd card , then you are not taking advantage of link2sd at all . in link2sd , you can select apps and move them to the second partition . you can even set it up so that any new apps installed will automatically be moved over . any current apps that were moved to the sd card using the native android method must be moved manually to the ext2 partition using the link2sd app ( though i think you can select multiple apps and move all of them at once ) .
you should be able to add another account in google play on the devices that can be used for purchasing and downloading apps . you can even set a pin for it . with the google play store open : tap the settings button in the upper right-hand corner tap accounts tap add account and then ok go through the account setup and now you should be able to select that account to purchase and download apps .
regardless of an android device being a phone or tablet , i believe , that to make use of the core google apps you will need to tie directly to a google account . i am user of a moto xoom ( wifi only ) and this is absolutely true . so i would suggest adding a google account with the device ( settigns - accounts and sync ) .
in short , you have a non-google-approved device . that is why there are no google apps on it . and you can not download from the market unless you have the market installed on your device . there are ways to get the market on your device anyways , though . ( see this question ) . however , none of those ways will have a " reputable link " for you to download . you are going outside google and possibly the law , depending on your jurisdiction .
looks like this is a very common problem , and i guess the google guys are on it , but so far , no solution . i bought an archos tablet and for two days i have been trying to download and install a good browser . i tried every single solution i found in every single forum on line ( believe me when i say that it is a very common problem ! ! ! ) . no luck . what worked for me was quite simple : i found a website where you can download the same apps and they actually can be downloaded . you do not even need to create an account ! ! try it : http://www.freewarelovers.com/android . maybe you will find what you want . i did . good luck !
i did some digging around and found that this change was introduced in an update for gingerbread . it applies to all nexus devices starting from the nexus s ( except the nexus one since it comes pre-installed with facebook ) . the problem google has with facebook sync is the inability to port the data that facebook sync adds to the contacts , out of your device . here is an excerpt from their statement on this issue : since facebook contacts cannot be exported from the device , the appearance of integration created a false sense of data portability . facebook contact data will continue to appear within the facebook app . like all developers on android , facebook is free to use the android contacts api to truly integrate contacts on the device , which would allow users to have more control over their data . we are removing the special-case handling of facebook contacts on nexus s and future lead devices . techcrunch 's coverage on this : http://techcrunch.com/2011/02/22/google-android-facebook-contacts/ engadget 's coverage : http://www.engadget.com/2011/02/22/google-disables-contact-sync-in-facebook-for-android-only-nexus/ i am still trying to find the official statement on a google site . will update it here if i find it . also i want to know why google does not get all manufacturers to enforce this rule if it is part of core android policies .
according to a post in a google product forum : a sync between nexus devices and facebook is not possible by default . to get that information on your phone you will need to install a third party application that will sync the information to your phone . manufacturers like htc and samsung enabled this on their own for the people that bought their devices . an alternative to make this sync happen is to use a 3rd-party app like sync . me - sync for facebook : • full screen caller id - see your friends ' picture from facebook , linkedin or vkontakte when they call you and when you call them . • smart matching - matches automatically between your contacts to their social network profiles . • contact enrichment - magically update your contacts with missing details ( phone number , email , company , job title , address and website ) . • in-call experience - take your phone calls to the next level ! view your friend 's latest social network posts and photos during call . • birthday reminders - never forget your friends ' birthdays again ! create and share personalized greetings for any occasion . • me card - your ultimate contact and business card . choose how you appear in your friends ' and colleagues ' phones . edit your picture and details to keep them updated .
according to the list of officially supported and unofficially ported devices , no . also , read more at this sticky post by cyanogenmod moderators .
there are few ways you can reset your android phone without losing anything . backup most your stuff on your sd card , and synchronize your phone with a gmail account so you will not lose any contacts . if you do not want to do that , there is an app called my backup pro that can do the same job . you can read more about how to ensure you do not lose any important information with a factory reset here .
if you do a factory reset , your sd card will not be touched . your pics , etc will all stay put . if you have selected your google account as the default way to store your contacts , they will all repopulated from google after you set up your phone . if you want to be sure you are saving settings , etc . download titanium backup from the google playstore and do a full backup . after you have reset your phone , reinstall ti and then do a restore from back up . super simple !
resetting your phone to factory settings will clear all the data on your phone memory , that is your contacts , calendars , applications downloaded from android market . factory resetting can be done in settings ( navigation : settings -> privacy settings -> factory data reset ) data backup can be done in settings ( navigation : settings -> privacy settings -> backup my data ) . backup data can be restored after resetting . certain applications give the option of data backup , if you have installed any apps from market , check for the option . data backup can also be done using the software cd provided with the phone . your photos , audio mp3s , and videos will usually reside in sd card and will not be erased . but its better you take out the memory card , and then go ahead resetting .
there is an app my backup pro which you could use . from the description it allows you to : backup ( with schedule option ) to our online secure servers , or sd card , your applications , photos , music , videos , contacts , call log , browser bookmarks , sms ( text messages ) , mms ( message attachments ) , calendar , system settings , home screens ( including shortcut positions ) , alarms , dictionary , music playlists , apns , and more . . . you can read more about it here .
that logo in the background is the recovery mode , it looks like as if recovery binary died for some unknown reason , perhaps the update . zip is corrupted and it could not be parsed . might be worth a shot to use dsixda kitchen , to convert that update zip to a flashable zip that can be flashed , not using recovery 's update menu option , but choosing the file manually . but judging the youtubey , it looks recovery got b0rk3d up , you did not state if the handset is still able to boot normally in your posting ?
this is a known bug in the nexus s ' 4.0.3 firmware when you apply the i9020 update . zip to the i9023 model . background : the i9020 sports a self-illuminating amoled while the i9023 has a traditional lcd with a backlight . the recovery fails to switch on the backlight and the screen goes black . you probably downloaded the update . zip from google and did not use the official update method , right ? in short : the screen backlight of the i9023 model is off in recovery mode due to that bug but everything else just works here 's a thread on xda that covers just this . possible solutions to fix it : use a strong led flashlight and illuminate the lcd just for the installation of the 4.0.4 , see images below ( both show the same homescreen , except the left has a switched off backlight ) unlock your nexus s and install a working custom recovery ( guide )
the filesystem support is device-specific , and in fact many devices using android 2.3 support ext3 in the kernel ( or ext4 , which can also mount ext3 and ext2 filesystems ) . usually the difference in filesystem support is due to different hardware . older devices often used raw nand flash chips and mtd drivers in linux , which did not support conventional filesystems such as ext4 ; only special filesystems such as yaffs or jffs2 could be used on such devices . in this case having ext3 or ext4 support in the kernel was not necessary , and it could be omitted to save some memory ; to get ext3/4 support on such device you will need to flash a custom kernel ( or , in some cases , an external module could be compiled instead of replacing the whole kernel ) . more recent devices usually use emmc storage , which provides a block device instead of raw flash ; such devices mostly use ext4 for their filesystems , and therefore should have support for mounting ext3 filesystems ( although actually using it to mount a custom filesystem , e.g. , on a separate sd card partition , will require root access ) .
have you tried going to device manager and right-clicking the top of the tree and selecting " detect hardware changes " ? maybe your " shell hardware detection " service is not running or not running right ? or are there any exceptions on the usb controllers of the system in your device manager ?
try installing " adb " drivers without them pc wont detect android phone you can easily find it at adb driver . com
i believe this is a " feature " of the new jelly bean camera . you probably will not be able to change it without resorting to using another camera app ( like camera zoom fx ) or installing a custom rom .
the new animation added to jelly bean camera app when photos are being taken , acts as a visual hint at a new swipe gesture that is been added . the idea is to make the user aware that swiping to the left at any time , they are able to scroll through all the photos taken : when taking a photo , a new animation sweeps your photo off the screen . there is now a new paging animation when swiping between photos . android 4.1 , jelly bean - camera and gallery ( scroll down till this title ) from that location , the user can rotate , crop , share , just like in the gallery app . as already mentioned by jlehenbauer , it is a feature and cannot be removed . here a youtube video about this : android 4.1 jelly bean camera app
compiling applications does not take considerable processing power in general . i did it on my 286 all the time . the op wants gcc on his phone . look for c4droid ( c/c++ compiler ) in the google market . then install the " gcc plugin for c4droid " from the market . ( these do cost a couple dollars ) . from the market description : " it is a plugin for c4droid , that allows it to compile c and c++ source code using gcc . it contains gcc 4.7 with bionic ( android libc ) . source code had not been modified , so you can compile it yourself , if you want . " https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.n0n3m4.droidc https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.n0n3m4.gcc4droid here 's another package that includes gcc from the market : " debian kit " - https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.dyndns.sven_ola.debian_kit
android applications are compiled in a pc and then installed on the phone . in order to compile an application you will need a considerable amount of computational power and a compiler , in this case , a c compiler . in other words , you need a computer to compile the application . you will need to download and install in your computer the android sdk , the gcc compiler and other tools and then you will be able to compile the application for your phone .
you can write , compile and distribute native code as an android application . look here for more info about the ndk . if you want it done without the official framework and application packaging then you will need to look into cross-compiling the application for the arm architecture .
i can not understand why i have to pay $3 for c4droid as it is just gcc with editor . use new free c/c++ ide and compiler on android . it has a lot of included c/c++ examples and tutorials . blog link , google play link . you can also use cctools as it is almost c4droid but free .
the app terminal ide has a built-in gcc arm compiler for android . you can install it , move it to another folder and then uninstall it . but make sure you have enough free memory .
these instructions are courtesy of arco68 over at xda-developers , who is also the person behind the software downloads linked here . all credit to him/her ! now do not be fooled by how few steps arco68 's instructions have ; you will need about half an hour to do this if you have not done this before , i reckon , if you want to be careful and not rush it . as a prerequisite , download samsung kies and make sure that the drivers for your phone are installed correctly . otherwise , odin tool will not read your s4 mini properly . download the odin tool and the clockworkmod recovery to your windows pc . extract both of these archives . download the rootkit gt-i9195_rootkit_v2 . zip to your device 's sd card . do not extract it . place it in the root folder . turn off the phone . press and hold home , volume down and power simultaneously . the phone will turn on and you will see the following screen : &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; connect the usb cable . press volume up . the screen changes to this : &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; ( the fields i blurred out will say something like " original " initially , can not quite remember ) run the odin tool you unzipped in step 1 . uncheck F. Reset Time . click the AP button . in the dialog that appears , select the " recovery-clockwork-6.0.3.7-serranoltexx . tar . md5" file that you extracted in step 1 . before you continue , read this step in full because it requires quick action . first you take the phone in your hand . then you get ready to press and hold volume up and home as soon as the phone vibrates . if you are only a second too slow you will have to repeat from step 3 ( see below ) . now that you are ready to press and hold volume up and home , click the Start button in the odin tool . it only takes a few seconds before the phone vibrates . feel the vibration and immediately press and hold volume up and home . once the phone shows the s4 logo with the words " recovery booting " , you may release the buttons . if you did everything right , you will see this screen : &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; but if you see a black screen like this : &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; then you have messed up – power off the phone and continue from step 3 . using the volume up/down keys and the home key , select " install zip " , " choose zip from sdcard " , then "0/" , then the zip file " gt-i9195_rootkit_v2 . zip " that you saved to the sd card in step 2 . the zip will be installed and you will be told that your warranty is now void ( which is not necessarily the case , of course ) . you may now reboot and enjoy your rooted s4 mini ! when you choose to reboot , you will be asked " rom may flash stock recovery on boot . fix ? " i suggest you choose no because you do not really need clockworkmod anymore ( although i think i pressed " no " and clockworkmod remains installed regardless ) . for the record , the reason i am posting this here is that i did not even realise i got the wrong screen in step 10 , so i wasted a whole hour messing around with it . but i can not post this tip on xda due to their draconian requirements for posting replies . so i thought i would just write up instructions in such a way that others can edit them here .
that is a pre-destined case for apps like opensignal , which are designed for mapping signals around you . network signal info offers it as well . both tools can be used to get a coverage map for wifi and mobile signal , and also offer you to log signal strength .
in android the system memory is just another file , so with the appropriate rights it is just as simple as vi -b /dev/mem ( device node may vary for your system ) . the result of changing a running system 's memory could be one of a nop , a touch of an electric fence , a system crash or a simple nuke resulting in an unusable device .
that may be possible without root if the app you want to manipulate allows debugging via android debug bridge ( adb ) . if an app can be connected to an debugger is specified in it is AndroidManifest.xml in the android:debuggable entry . if the app is enabled for debugging you can enable the usb debugging mode on your device and connect to it via adb . then you can connect an standard java debugger to the app and inspect/modify variables .
you will have to switch on the phone in " safe mode " by pressing the volume down , power , and the home button all together . then , factory reset the phone , and upgrade it through odin ; or on a safer side , use samsung kies for upgrading to a new os .
sorry , min , but that is a built in feature that i believe one cannot change . could you cover up the screen with something at night or just turn it over ?
do not know if you have done this , but try turning off the stay awake setting while charging ? from the home screen , tap all apps . tap settings . tap developer options . tap to check stay awake .
my first guess would be an app consumes a lot of cpu power and therefore causes the system to overheat . use a system monitor to find out any misbehaving apps .
there are multiple approaches to this problem . the first an most effective is to switch from pop3 ( which i assume from your question you are using ) to imap , where mail is handled on the server instead of client-side -- so you can delete a message when you decide to delete it ( and not when client x is retrieving it , as handled by pop3 ) . second might be trying a different mail client ( again , i do not know what you are currently using ) . for android , i would recommend k-9 mail -- which is capable of handling pop3 as well as imap , and even exchange ( the latter via webdav ) .
i think i have the solution to the problem . when setting up your email untick the push notification you then get a manual button , from there you can manually input incoming and outgoing settings . in the incoming settings there is a delete email from server , click the when i delete from inbox . from then on you will be able to delete from your phone to the server . hth . now the only problem is you can not set the the sync schedule .
i use a samsung galaxy siii and outlook and have had the same problem . my approach ( at godaddy 's suggestion ) was to change the advanced settings in outlook email account settings ( in the outlook tools menu ) so that email is left on the server even after delivery ( one check box ) but deleted after so many days ( another check box ) and/or deleted after the email is deleted from trash ( a third check box ) . then i make sure to delete my trash on the phone after i have downloaded whatever i want to save on my computer copy of outlook .
you can check the the battery status using the service menu of your android device . you can see the current battery level there . the device suggests whether or not to change the battery .
this sounds like something that you need to make sure your operator has enabled on your contract , normally with smartphones a data plan is a data plan , once you have got one they give you a ( monthly/weekly/daily ) bandwidth limit which you can use either on 3g or gprs , the operator does not care which you use . it sounds like you do not want to pay for a monthly data limit , you want to get a metered contract where you only pay for when you use it ( normally charged by the megabyte or by the hour , or something similar ) . you can then turn the data connection on or off depending when you want to use it . the exact setting for this can vary from phone to phone , but is normally under something like settings -> wireless and network -> mobile networks -> use packet data . on many phones you can also switch to only use gprs or 3g ( sometimes called gsm and wcdma modes ) but all that does is control the speed of your connection , not normally how you are charged .
if you are rooted , you can use an app like titanium backup to back up your apps ( and their data ) .
i borrowed a friend 's fitbit and tried to sync it with my nexus 10 . i enabled bluetooth . i then installed the fitbit app and logged in as him . there is no option anywhere to sync the device . i then logged out , and created a new account . on a compatible device , once the account is created , it prompts you to sync a fitbit device . this question is never asked on the nexus 10 . circumstantial additional evidence comes from the large number of unhappy reviews citing device compatibility on the fitbit app page . so it is confirmed that despite the probable existence of the necessary bluetooth hardware/software , at the time of writing fitbit devices cannot be synced with the nexus 10 .
as you might imagine , google is pretty quiet with regard to its implementation details . so i will just describe this in the general case and in a very basic form . the way push is done is that the client ( i.e. . the phone ) opens a tcp connection to the messaging server ( e . g . google ) . this connection is meant to remain open for as long as the phone is turned on . fortunately a tcp connection uses absolutely no bandwidth when it is not transmitting anything , so it does not waste a lot of data , the radio transmitter can power down , etc . the connection can remain open indefinitely , however behind a nat , the nat infrastructure keeps a table of open connections that it is handling , and drops connections that have been idle for some time , usually 10-15 minutes . neither end gets notification of this . so this is handled by sending a tcp keep-alive packet which refreshes the entry in the carrier 's nat connection table . this only costs about 50 bytes or so , and only needs to be done every few minutes .
you can do that with the nook , first thing is to get access to the nook sdk , ( not just android here ) : https://nookdeveloper.barnesandnoble.com/ next , you will want to disable the home button , stack overflow has a good thread on this : stackexchange-url lastly when setting up your nook-esk kiosk be sure to set it up in a way to keep it plugged in . kiosks should always be powered , and a full battery drain will reboot the whole os .
i would suggest you start here : guide factory images ( jb-ics-gb ) ( xda developers ) requirements : -android sdk -java jdk -platform-tools -unlocked bootloader ( "fastboot oem unlock " pay attention , wipes everything , also sd card ) -experience with adb and fastboot notice : if you never used the sdk , the jdk , fastboot and adb , before installing the factory image you have to follow this guide in order to get sdk and unlock bootloader . the part that is relevant to you , assuming your device was not running a rooted custom rom before , is 4b : if you are coming from another stock rom ( official older ota unrooted ) , this doen't wipe your data/cache : if you want relock the bootloader ( not necessary , only for warranty ) do also these two step : fastboot reboot-bootloader fastboot oem lock  tried to include as much as possible for posterity , but the files you need and so on are in the forum thread anyway so this does not really apply if the forum thread would go down . if you have any questions , please comment and i will update my answer .
rename the file with the appropriate extension and find out ( ie rename img1 . dup0 to img1-1.jpg and open it ) . in the case of the image files i think they are the corresponding thumbnails since the size is small
if you have access to a linux/unix pc ( including osx ) , you can use the file utility to identify the file type . for windows , you can install cygwin to get a unix environment that will have this utility .
csipsimple indeed does the job if you want to use it as your sip client . if you prefer the built-in sip client , try the advanced dialer app .
sipdroid has routing capabilities while also providing basic bluetooth headset support which csipsimple still lacks . i have been able to set it up so that calls with certain prefixes go through device 's gsm voice link and all the rest go via sip . this has had a bonus of blocking short " premium " numbers , which proliferate in european gsm networks and are designed to take advantage of careless cell phone users . https://code.google.com/p/sipdroid/ btw , both sipdroid and csipsimple are opensource projects , so if you need some really advanced routing it is not impossible to code the required logic directly into the app .
you can do that with a program called csipsimple . it let 's you customize not only whether certain calls are routed , through a sip provider , but which sip provider as well . with csipsimple , the filters are based on regular expressions so there is a lot of flexibility .
the tags are stored through the media 's content provider . in layman 's terms , the content-provider is a way of android interacting with a database backing store . the location can be found in this directory : /data/data/com.android.providers.media/databases  which is sqlite3 database that has the following information stored in it , or rather , a combination of certain columns , not all of them , due to the way developers can optionally add the fields of the data to be stored . ( if you are un-rooted you will not be able to list the database - if someone can clarify this , just checked on europa gt-i5500 which is unrooted and issuing ls fails ) if you have a look at this document that details the columns used in the database for the media ( that is a generic columns that is a de-facto within the database ) , it is combined with this other information ( now at this stage , your brain is probably turned to mush looking at it but the pertinent information is in the column names which is found in the database ) as for the ' tag ' field you are referring to , quite simply , android does not store them , there are replacement apps that replaces the stock version of the gallery with extras such as the ' tag ' field you are referring to . the most it can hold was the latitude/longitude/display name of the image and a picasa id in which it may get uploaded to depending if picasa is enabled with your account .
i solved this by turning off wifi on my phone . not sure why having wifi turned on would be a problem , but i do not get any skipping when wifi is off .
impossible to predict what their techs would do . theoretically they certainly can deny repair service on bootloader-unlocked phones , since it clearly says that you are voiding your warranty when unlocking the device : important information please note that you may void the warranty of your phone and/or any warranty from your operator if you unlock the boot loader . sony ericsson can then no longer guarantee the full functionality of your phone , and will not be responsible for any unsigned custom software being flashed to the phone after the boot loader is unlocked . . . . however , unlike the carriers ( who 100% always check the bootloader status , ) manufacturers have been known to turn a blind eye on this from time to time . for example , i have sent my atrix 4g to motorola for repairs twice after unlocking its bootloader . both times their techs repaired the device , and even re-locked the bootloader for me . htc is also known to be lenient towards repairing unlocked handsets . you can always try calling sony 's support department and anonymously ask where they stand on repairs for bootloader-unlocked handsets . you may not like their answer though .
it is worth a try to for ! at the card fat32 , then attempt to move the app again . i know however that some applications are not built for use from an sd card so it could be application specific also . to see if this is the problem attempt to move different applications and see if the same error occurs . let me know how it goes .
yes . one option would be to use the images distributed by google at factory images for nexus devices . download the appropriate package ( the 4.2.1 nexus 7 archive is what you had presumably want ) and then either flash the images manually or use the included flash-all.sh script ( if on linux ) . manually running the commands will be of the form : fastboot flash &lt;partition name&gt; /path/to/image.img  so , as an example , you had flash the system partition with : fastboot flash system /path/to/system.img  you will need to have the fastboot utility configured for this , but it will work regardless of what os or recovery system are installed on the n7 at the time as long as you do not modify the bootloader . you will also need to use fastboot oem unlock to unlock your bootloader if you have not already , which will wipe your personal data .
no . favouriting a file in dropbox for android is like " pinning " in some other software : it downloads the file to the device and keeps it there so you can access it offline . i do not use the ipad version , but i assume it has the same effect there . since you might want different files on different devices ( for example , you might want a lot of pdfs or videos on a tablet with a bigger screen and more storage to put them on ) , favouriting a file only applies to the device you do it on .
it will not ask for a password for free apps since there is no danger of financial loss of any kind , it is a good point however there are apps on google play that can ' lock ' certain apps check 'https://play.google.com/store/search?q=app+locker' or something to that effect this one looks like it does the job : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.domobile.applockfeature=search_result#?t=w251bgwsmswyldesimnvbs5kb21vymlszs5hchbsb2nril0 . they will enable control of apps via a pin
from google play download applockr or you can disable the app via settings> apps> all applications then by selecting the google play application and pressing the disable button to disable it until you want to enable it ( do the same process but the disable button will be replaced with the enable button )
as mentioned in a comment it really depends on what app you are using to provide tethering . on the stock htc tethering app there is a view called " manage users " which lets you see a list of connected devices listed be resolved host name . touching each device reveals its hardware address and currently assigned ip address . as far as i can recall it is the same for the stock samsung g s2 ( at least in this region - northern europe ) .
this sounds more like inconsistent wifi settings . since your phone shows its connected , try to visit your router 's web interface through the phone to see if its connected properly . ( note that please use stock browser and no proxies for now ) if this does not work , most likely its the problem with wrong password or security mode like wep/wpa . if the above works , then i suspect you to have a dns problem . a rooted phone can let you custom-set the dns on your phone . try to set it to google 's dns . just to confirm if its a dns problem , try entering an ip address of a website rather than the domain name .
i have been using galaxy mini for the last 2 years . wifi is working with normal network . but in our company , advanced wifi mobile is not responding . after googling , i found out this phone does not have ' direct wifi ' options like higher-end phones ( eg . galaxy sii ) . i suggest you change the phone !
a few things to try : reboot your device change the router to use 802.11b/g instead of 802.11n change the router channel ( to 1 , 6 , or 11 if using north american channels ) change the security from wep to wpa or vice-versa ensure you have no mac filtering or firewall rules on the router switch the router from using the 5.0 ghz band to the 2.4 ghz band , or vice-versa other suggestions posted in answer to windows laptop works with wi-fi ap , phone claims it is connected but can&#39 ; t access internet
i highly doubt it is to do with being ' pre-paid ' or not . more likely , it could be from a number of reasons . such as internet connection where carriers can limit the download file size . i personally know that dl'ing larger files over the carrier network will fail unless it has a ' resume ' or some sort of authentication feature .
the internet permission should affect how your app runs ( or if it is visible on the market ) but i would not expect it to affect installation . do you have any additional permissions that you require ? is your app set to download by wi-fi only ? is it possible that you sometimes access a feature that you have not requested in the manifest ? for example , if you do not have access to a 3g network to you query the connectivitymanager to get a different connection ? your app may exhibit certain behavior only when it encounters a specific network configuration . you will have problems only when your app tries to use a permission that it has not requested . if your app is paid , it could be a problem with the customer 's payment method ( carrier billing may be a problem with prepaid ) . i sometimes see repeated attempts to purchase an app of mine , which are all declined .
if se has dropped support for your device ( which seems likely ) your only way to upgrade your phone is to take root control over your phone and install a custom rom , a third party version of the android operating system . there is a huge modding community , largely centered around the xda developers forums . there is actually a subforum there for just your device , and the subforum for your device that you want ( there is also q and a sections and whatnot ) is xperia x10 android development . there is plenty of informative threads in that forum , including : [ how-to ] unlock bootloader for x10 help for newbies , all questions and answers for x10 as for what specific rom to use , i will leave that up to you . your first step however should be unlocking your bootloader , getting root and getting cwm recovery installed on your phone . when you have that installed , you can always create a complete backup of your phone , so if anything breaks you can always restore to that backup via the recovery , since the recovery remains untouched between rom installations . if you want to venture into rooting your phone and trying custom roms , i wish you good luck ! it is a learning experience : )
i believe this is because the astro file manager sees it as a connection instead charge only . when you connect the charger , pull down the top notification menu -> click on the usb icon -> change the settings to " usb charge only " this should fix it
this is a known bug in the android os . a senior at and t engineer let me know that this is a problem and hopefully it will be fixed soon . it is not a at and t , verizon or t-mobile issue . it is a problem with android : ( edit : he let me know that there is an app on the google store called " touchdown " that is a workaround for this issue .
it is an hardware issue that is easy to fix : charging is done with the usb cable . my answer is to cut the wire of the usb cable . or more simply , you can " cut " the courant by placing a tape or any other non conducting material on the appropriate pin . the spec of usb are easy to find , eg http://www.kineteka.com/microusb-b.aspx
as far as i know , batteries will not fry on constant charging . they chips in them that control overcharging and low charge . so they will not die easyly . i am using my desire just like you explained for almost 2 years and it is just like the first day , i need to charge it every day : )
i would not worry about it . lithium ion batteries used in most ( all ? ) modern phones are not as sensitive to " top-off " charging as nicd batteries , which have " memory " and stop accepting a full charge . searching " lithium ion battery " on this site will bring up many discussions , such as this one .
what you need to download and install is called gapps , which is a package with all the google applications that come built in with android , but those are flashable and you can not just install them . i suggest you to take a look at [ rom ] hero cyanogenmod 7 nightlys-android 2.3.2 gingerbread ( 2011-02-27 ) , download the gapps provided there ( gapps-gb-20110120-signed . zip ) and flash that using the Install update.zip on your unlocked bootloader menu .
apparently , it could not be installed because of market country restrictions . . so in case someone needs a solution - i tried using market enabler , and got it ( yt ) installed without problem .
onik is correct in suggesting the built in task switcher but if you search " task switcher " in the market you will find a number of apps that might help , i suggest picking something light weight and intuitive . from personal experience i can easily suggest quickdesk or wave launcher . quickdesk will bring up a virtual home screen whenever/wherever . you can assign your favourite apps , shortcuts etc and it can show a scrollbar of recently run apps . i recently switched to wave launcher and love it . it is highly configurable , light and intuitive , mimicking the gesture activate ribbon in palm 's webos . with a flick of your thumb or finger , you can bring up your favourite app , a recently run app , shortcut , or app draw overlay , all without leaving your current app ( as long as you back out of whatever you are in ) . it is regulary updated and has brought many new features and improvements . take a little time to experiment and tweak it and i thin you will be very happy . best of luck .
case #1: you can get back to recently used apps by holding down the home key until a menu appears , and then selecting the app you want to return to . case #2: press the home button and open your dictionary app , and then use the method in #1 to return to messaging . this works if you do not have too many apps open , since the memory is limited and if you open too many apps , android will close them from the background . the important distinction is that the home key does not quit the app but exists to the launcher , and the back button exits the app .
if you have a rooted phone you can try the fasterfix app , it worked for me . you can set the continent where you are and the gps get a lock in last than a minute .
iirc there is a hidden menu that allows you to enable/disable automatic downloading of the gps almanac via the data connection . entering # #3214789650# # will bring you into the gps test mode ( with android 2.2 ) . check the supl settings . see this great blog post for more information : http://www.androidng.com/fix-galaxy-s-gps also xda-developers has a nice topic about a simple hardware fix for better and fester gps fixes , you can find it here .
i have found the gps status app to be good for seeing what’s happening with the gps sensor . it can also manually download agps data to improve the time to get a gps fix . according to the wikipedia article on assisted gps , you need up to 12.5 minutes of continuous , clear signal to get a gps fix without agps . it’s pure speculation on my part , but maybe your phone doesn’t download agps data automatically if you’re roaming and don’t have wifi .
it looks like ebookdroid has this functionality . the pdf reader in documents to go looks like it might , too .
in Settings -> Volumes you will want to uncheck Link ringtone &amp; notification volumes actual system volume can not be " tied " to ringtone/notification . if this is not what you mean , please edit your question and explain more if possible .
boy , separate volume controls for the speaker and earpiece would be useful , would not they ? you can probably do what you want with tasker . it lets you control all kinds of settings on the phone based on events . ( some ideas from lifehacker . )
try clearing your calendar data ( settings -> applications -> calendar -> clear data ) . if that does not work then you might have to resort to a factory reset . ( if you have to go this route then there are lots of options for backing up your data before hand to minimize the pain )
to send a test to multiple recipients , just press the comma , button after each phone number . once done , just send . all recipient numbers will line up on top of the phone number window after each comma .
i am not aware of any stock messaging apps amongst any of the roms that will do that , but it looks like there are a bunch of apps in the market that will ( like smessaggia bulk customized sms or group sms , or group sms and scheduler . )
it sounds like agent fits the bill for you . specifically , the sleep agent . i do use the agent app , though i do not use the sleep agent itself , so this list of features is just me going through the setup options in the app . set days and times for it to activate . ( defaults to 11:00 pm through 7:00 the next morning , sunday through thursday nights . ) selectable whether it does ' silence ' or ' vibrate ' . has a whitelist of callers that are allowed to get through . ( and selectable whether unknown callers get through or not . ) can wait until plugged in before starting . can auto-respond with a text saying " i am sleeping , text ' urgent ' to wake me up . " right off your request list , it can allow repeated calls to get through . ( i use agent mostly for the meeting agent : it links to the google calendar on my work account , and auto-silences the phone for the duration of the meeting . )
llama is a great tool ! it receives gsm tower id and learns your locations ( home , work , school ) so you can set which profile to turn at specific location at specific time . best feature is that it is not a battery drainer .
in simple proximity sensors are light sensors . it turns the screen off while you are making an call .
it prevents that your ear is doing input actions on the touchscreen when you are making a call . : ) most proximity sensors are simply light sensors that will detect " proximity " when they are covered .
the proximity sensor on most smart-phones with touchscreen exists to disable accidental touch events . the most common scenario is the ear coming in contact with the screen and generating touch events , while on a call .
developers can get access to the sensor and use it for other things . at a users suggestion i use it in my biking app ipbike to wake up the screen . the user just has to wave there hand over the sensor and the screen switches back on . very handy when cycling with gloves on .
there is not a special boot for rooted devices afaik . any rooted device necessarily boots with complete root access .
if you want root access on a production phone , then you are going to have to use a root kit . there are a ton of benefits to having a rooted device , but there are also risks . some devices are now coming out with the ability to run an app in root mode with user permission . my word of caution : attempting to root your device without proper knowledge will render it completely useless except for holding down your papers on a windy day . make sure to do all instructions exactly and only flash your phone with builds that are meant to go with your specific device ! best of luck !
check the wifi connection you connected it to if it is working properly . go to settings> apps> all> google services framework and clear the data . restart your nexus 7 and see if the update downloads without hitch .
according to oneclickroot , their tool is supposed to work for the lg motion 4g . you can download the tool from their site , and they even offer a " remote rooting service " . in addition to that tool , you will need the appropriate drivers for your device , which you can e.g. find here . having that installed , it should be as easy as : start the tool , connect your device , click to root . another rooting guide is offered by androidforums ( the article links all software needed , including the drivers ) , which uses the o4x tool from the xda developers ( i used this succesfully on my o4x -- seems like it also works on your motion 4g ) . steps included are also pretty easy : having installed the drivers , unpacked o4x , and the additional *is11lg_systembackuptest . signed . apk* from the xda post , you go to settings&rarr ; security on your motion , and tick unknown-sources . in settings&rarr ; developer options you enable usb-debugging . then you install and open IS11LG_SystemBackupTest.signed.apk , and finally restart your device . once phone turns back on ( should be running slow ) connect your phone to your computer through usb ( charging only ) . open the command prompt and enter cd C:\o4xr , then type root . next wait for the script to run and your phone will reboot ; when that happens uninstall the systembackuptest app . do not open it , or you will have to repeat the entire procedure : )
you will really struggle finding a way to root a tablet running ics , especially a ' no brand ' one . i have had the same issue with an arnova gbook . unfortunately , the answer to your question is that it would be very difficult , and maybe even impossible , unless a new ics root exploit comes out , as google patched the main one in android 4.0 .
if you do not know what device you have , it is hard to get any assistance . without any warranties of success , and without assuming any responsability by what may happen to your device , i can suggest that you visit unlockroot , known to work with tons of devices , may became a solution for yours . the process is done with three steps : your device must be in usb debugging mode . turn it on , go to settings-> applications-> development and check the box . （ look here ） connect your device to your pc , run unlockroot . exe . click " unlock root " , enjoy ! and it is reported to work quiet well , see last entry labeled " what are the risks of rooting ? " . the faq section is also quiet useful . read the documentation from the website and proceed at your own risk .
for rooting , see how do i root my phone ? you should be able to use another launcher regardless , but you can get a close-to-aosp experience with cyanogenmod . i do not believe that phone is officially supported by cm but someone 's porting it : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=946354 the xda android development forum for the optimus one was only recently broken off from the optimus v forum , so the roms probably can be used interchangeably with minor tweaks . i suggest asking on xda though .
you should use zipalign -f -v 4 my.apk output.apk  do remember that if you zipalign before you sign , the signing will undo the alignment .
i have a similar issue with my galaxy note after installing a lot of apps and filling up the 32gb sd card . i have not managed to figure out what exactly the problem is , maybe it is totally different ( since there are different android versions ) . anyway , i would start by removing the sd card , but nexus does not have a removable card slot . . . if you are using stock rom , check out if there is an updated version of your rom available . search xda-developers forum , it may have a thread that lists all stock roms available for your device . some of the stock roms are " wipe " and others are " non-wipe " . you can try flashing non-wipe stock roms on your device and see if it fixes the issue . ( you do not need root or custom recovery for this , if nexus works the same way as my note ) . but anyway , i would recommend making a nandroid backup before doing so . if you have usb debugging enabled already , you might be able to get the system logs from a pc , if the phone gets to the point during the boot that can connect to adb . but if you do not have the usb debugging enabled , since you can not boot and go to settings , this will not work . if you could get logs of the system , it may give you a clue of what is causing the phone to restart . if it did not fix the issue , i think your only option is to boot into recovery ( hold power + home + volume for 10 seconds or so ) and do a factory reset .
i would unlock the bootloader , and flash a new image . . . you can find all the information you need on this page : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1392310 hope you found my answer helpful : )
hmm i just googled this . it does not help but helps me : ) now i wont do a default factory setting on my galaxy nexus . clicky . you can try this page if it has the same functionality as samsung galaxy s
i have exactly the same problem with my gn and followed the instructions in http://support.sprint.com/support/tutorial/perform_a_hardware_factory_reset_galaxy_nexus/37165-396 please note that all of your data will be deleted .
something might have overwritten some files needed during boot . go into recovery and do a factory reset . yes this is the same thing as factory reset in the settings but the difference is that you dont need to boot the os to do it . there is usually a button combination you press to get into recovery . google it for your device . once you factory reset , try again . warning : factory reset will wipe all user data on your device . sorry . if you reboot and everything is working , then it was your user data . if you reboot and the same thing happens , then that means your actual system is corrupted . this means like dev0 said , you have to flash a new image or send it in for warranty . just because you flash a new image , doesnt mean you cant get a stock rom image . chances are , someone on xda has a stock rom image that is exactly the same system as when you first got it . people have these images in the event someone wants to go from a custom rom or version of android to stock . so yeah , follow dev0 's links and advice . rooting and unlocking the bootloader might void your warranty so find out before you do it though !
do you use Cyanogen rom ? if so , try other roms such as miui . i had this problem exactly as you on my Nexus S with cyanogen and after migrating to miui all the reboots , booting animation loops , shuting downs on standby and etc . gone .
there is a difference between the amount of data reported from your device , and from what your carrier counts . usually , that is minor ; but with bad connections and frequent retries , the difference might get bigger : imagine you want to transfer a 10 mb file . android counts 10 mb , and so usually does the carrier . but with a bad connection , and , say , all data-packages had to be re-transmitted 10 times until being transferred successfully , android might still count a 10 mb file transfer , while your carrier sees 100 mb data traffic . i have got to admit i do not know for sure how android calculates data transfer here , so the above might not truly reflect it ( though your description suggests something like that – or an error on your carrier 's side , which you might wish to check with him ) . the " usual differences " are that the carrier calculates in " units " ( e . g . " per 10 kb block" ) , while android calculates the real size . differences here are usually not much larger than 10% on average .
turns out it was the carrier that messed up something as it seems i was not the only one to get this issue , so i did not really use all that data .
there are a few options here , let 's do the easiest first : do not boot into download mode from the "4 way menu " from the device , this will cause issues . ensure you turn the device off and boot into recovery with the volume down + power buttons . ensure USB Debugging is enabled on the device . ensure samsung-kies has no processes running , or just uninstall it completely . it causes a lot of issues with usb drivers . ensure you have the correct usb drivers installed for your device . try a different usb port , and cable if possible . try deleting /System/Library/Extensions/Heimdall.kext and reinstalling heimdall try running this command : sudo kextload /System/Library/Extensions/heimdall.kext if you get an error then point 3 is your error ! ensure heimdall has the correct permissions : sudo chown -R root:wheel /System/Library/Extensions/heimdall.kext reinstall your os ( linux ) from scratch ( this is a rather nuclear option to be honest ) finally this is more general for other users . if you are using a mac os run the following :
figured it out . i installed xposed framework , got xposed additions from play store , and changed it .
yes , change the notification settings in Market -&gt; (Menu button/Action Bar Button depending on device) Settings .
using odin root the phone . . after rooting the phone will enter into cwm download mode . . u will get extra option specifically the mount usb whilst the phone is connected to the pc . . the memory will appear on your pc . . and u can backup ur stuff . . . alternatively . . . just flash a working rom . . i did that and i passed the logo stage and got all my stuff back with no changes to the apps and their data just a reset of my phone software as if it was new
some recoveries allow you to navigate your phone with a file browser . does your phone have an external sd card ? i have team win recovery project installed on my phone and it lets me copy stuff around , it even has a terminal to do whatever you please . so you could copy your photos to sd card using that recovery and then to computer . installing twrp was very easy for me , i remember just putting a . zip in the external card and hitting install from the android recovery selecting from menu . everything else was automatic . but be tread carefully here ; do a false move and you can potentially brick your phone . http://teamw.in/project/twrp2
the free pdf annotation app has a goto function ( as well as a search function ) . i use it myself to read pdf and make notes while reading .
vudroid . market it has " go to page " , but can not search .
it is very simple . on the lower left corner of the page you are on there is the page number . if you do not see it touch this place and the page number will appear . for example if you are on page 54 in a file 700 pages long you will see 54/700 . you touch the number 54 and a request " go to page " will appear with a supporting touch keyboard . you print the page number and ok .
you can goto page in ' fit to screen ' or ' continous scroll ' mode ( but not ' reflow text' ) by touching at the bottom of the screen and it'll make a scroll bar turn up . as you drag your finger left and right you will see the page number and total number of pages at the top left of the screen .
create a new appointment and then click the green + sign under the reminders section . at the very bottom of the list there is a customise option that allows you to specify the number of minutes / hours that you want the reminder to occur . certainly not as good as a fixed time occurrence but it certainly gives you a close workaround .
there is developer documentation found within the android sdk that shows the basics of creating your own keyboard input method . the actual sample of the touchscreen keyboard is part of the sdk sample , based off the documentation . download the sample code , and look for the softkeyboard sources , there is a xml layout under the res/layout folder that represents the on-screen keyboard . all that aside , let 's look at the question objectively , using a custom layout that was developed on the windows platform , may not be easy to " translate " to the android version , as there is strings attached , you do need the pre-requisite knowledge of android sdk , java in order to achieve a custom layout , unfortunately . as per @geffcheng 's comment above the op 's question containing the linky that pointed to the appropriate thread on xda , the blog entry highlighting how to come up with your own version , is more or less the same as the official developer documentation . other keyboard packages such as swiftkey , go keyboard , slideit to name but a few , would have a feature to customize the layout appropriately using an add-on or third party to suit one 's need , effectively tied to that keyboard . using the sdk and documentation relating to the keyboard is the effective way to go about in rolling your own custom layout that is independent of android version in use provided that the decision to support older versions is warranted . if the decision to focus on android v4 . x upwards , the actual app is on the google play store , the source code to the aosp keyboard is available to download and play with from here .
i recently " bought " a selection of the classic , free books for kindle a few days ago . on amazon ( uk ) 's webpage they were showing with full colour book covers , when they downloaded to my android 's kindle app a few minutes later they came down with blank , default covers . have tried a lot of playing with it too , and can not see a way to get the covers for these books to download . maybe they just do not send covers for free books to the android app ?
you could try deleting the app cache . go to settings > applications > manage applications and find the kindle app . click on it and then hit the button that says " clear data " . this will clear cache and start you off at square one again with the app . then see what happens .
walking navigation was just released today [ sept 9 ] as an update to google maps 4.5.0
just tried on my samsung galaxy s with the search box at the top of this page in the built-in browser and i get a flashing cursor all the time i am not typing ( it disappears while i am typing but comes back if i pause for a moment ) i am using the built-in swype keyboard . also tried switching back to the samsung keyboard ( by long-pressing on a text field , then selecting input method and selecting samsung keyboard ) and still see a cursor in the search box on this web site . my galaxy 's running the standard samsung version of android 2.1 , pretty sure i do not have any apps installed that affect the keyboard or browser .
try using a different browser . also you could try going into settings , apllications , manage applications , find the browser you are using and clear data , if that option is not there , try cache . reboot and see what happens .
press and hold the ? 123 key at the bottom , left corner of the standard samsung galaxy s keyboard . the keyboard switches to a four arrow cursor pad that you can use to move around a text field . there is also a delete key , select , cut , copy , and paste ; click the text key to switch back into keyboard mode . this works with just about all text fields in all applications that i use .
several options : you had an exchange email account ( probably corporate ) which had device admin permissions , and it got activated by the email provider . you had android device manager installed and somebody activated the factory reset or you reset it by unluckily booting the device into boot loader , opening recovery and factory resetting ( as suggested by @peter carlos )
well , i do not think you could get to know what has made your device getting factory reset on its own . as far as i know i think somehow the volume up and power keys may have been pressed which results in factory reset . i have also heard the if you put the patter lock wrong over the htc m8 for more that 10 times , the device gets automatically factory reset . i am sure accidently you may have ! !
a number of motorola devices support that feature . here is a link to their site . my group has the bionic and atrix 2 and they support that feature . http://www.motorola.com/business-ready/us-en/business-ready-support-pages/security
prior to android 3.0 ( honeycomb ) , android did not natively supported encrypting local storage at all . android 3.0 introduced the ability to encrypt the local device , and to enforce device encryption by activesync policy . other than the galaxy nexus , every phone currently on the market is running either a 1 . x or 2 . x version of android , none of these support device or removable media encryption in the android os , it is possible that some manufacturers may have added encryption , but this is not a standard part of the os available to standard activesync implementations . for android 4 . x phones ( currently only the galaxy nexus ) full device encryption ( and the relevant policies ) is brought to phones but this still does not seem to include removable media .
i am using a sgs2 - corporate exchange / activesync account does indeed force encryption of all device storage
visit halo color wallpaper lite > https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tangblack.colorgradientwallpaper.lite
can you not make your own ? open up paint or photoshop of some sort and fill an area black . save the image as a png and then place on your phones memory card . then on the phone set your wallpaper from the gallery and select the black image .
the simplest way to create a black image is to keep the phone with camera down on desk ( so that no light falls on the camera ) and shooting an image . then simply set the recently shot image as your wall paper . : )
halo color wallpaper does a great job for your android device !
i developed an app named color wallpaper that does this . it is free and available on the android market . there are many other colors to choose from besides black .
what you are probably seeing is the charge monitor greatly mis-estimating the amount of charge left in the battery . it thinks there is a lot of charge left , but in reality there is not—the battery is almost depleted . when the battery actually runs out , reality takes over , and the phone goes off . you had normally only see this when using a battery that is long past its lifespan . you also should see this during the day—or at least , you should see a much shorter than expected battery life . you could try resetting to factory defaults ( wiping the phone ) , which might help if its just a software issue . i would guess its a hardware issue , and you need to rma the phone .
you said : my device was dropped to the ground and sometime , the sound does not work anymore this would very much seem to boil down to a hardware problem . the only way to " handle " it is to repair the hardware . you can start with the asus repair page .
at my locality http://www.google.com.my/m/places shows that at least some of the places are " business listings provided by super pages malaysia " . that provider information is not shown in my places application though .
places is part of google maps ( and was introduced with maps 4.4 about a year ago ) , you should be able to see and search for all the same businesses and attractions in the main google maps app , places just puts a nicer interface on it . much of the data came from what used to be called google local . businesses can add themselves to local/maps/places and update their records themselves , here http://www.google.com/local/add/promo google maps has had a " add your business to google maps " link on the page pretty much forever , that links to http://www.google.com/local/add?hl=engl=us also just like other local business discovery services like foursquare , users themselves can add places into places , check into them and rate them through the app or http://www.google.com/hotpot see also the announcement page from when " place pages " were first added to the web version of google maps back in 2009 which has some more details http://googleblog.blogspot.com/2009/09/place-pages-for-google-maps-there-are.html including that you can add them through community edits or google map maker .
some carriers disable 3g tethering in order to make more money , so if your carrier has installed software on your phone before hand to stop tethering the only way to make it work is to root your device and install an application that will allow you to do that . the reason why it only connects is maybe because creating a hotspot to share files/resources over a lan is allowed but to access the internet is not . right now , the fcc is forcing verizon in particular to allow users to be able to share their phone 's 3g internet .
verizon and at and t phone can now be rooted using towel root . get it here http://towelroot.com this exploit takes advantage of a vulnerability in the linux kernel . i have tested this and it is working on my sm-g900v just download the apk and run it . press the button once the so loads and you will be rooted in less than a second . give props to geoshot who developed the exploit so that he will be inclind to do more work like this in the future .
the verizon and at and t versions have locked bootloaders and are not able to be rooted at the moment .
cf autoroot but it will trip knox http://autoroot.chainfire.eu/
the red cable pictured is a usb-otg cable too . it is no different to having the adaptor-style cable with a normal usb-a to micro-usb cable attached . so if your amp will work with one , it will work with the other too . just be extra careful when using a symmetric-looking usb-otg cable . usb-otg works by having the pins wired differently in the " host " and " peripheral " ends of the cable , so you need to be careful to plug the " host " end into the phone . different cables have different ways of identifying which is which , so be careful to check the instructions that come with the cable . of course , your amp might not work for other reasons . if it lacks an external power supply , then it needs the host device to supply enough power for it . most smartphones can not supply a lot of power via usb-otg , so in that case you had need to use it with a powered usb hub . the other reason it might not work is if it uses the usb audio profile . most android devices lack driver support for usb audio ; there are other questions about that on the site .
although i am surprised it did not work in windows 7 out of the box ( it worked on my pc ) there is a way to fix it . please open c:\windows\inf\wpdmtp . inf in notepad and add following ; Nexus 7 %GenericMTP.DeviceDesc%=MTP, USB\MS_COMP_MTP %GenericMTP.DeviceDesc%=MTP, USB\VID_18D1&amp;PID_4E42&amp;MI_00  in two places - at the end of sections [Generic.NTx86] and [Generic.NTamd64] this method will also work on windows 7 after installing windows media player 11 .
i have had some trouble myself hooking up my nexus 7 with a windows 7 computer , even though i would figure the device is new , windows would be able to locate and download drivers itself . its probably some conflict between the two , have you tried first installing the adb driver after installing the nexus 7 as an mtp device ?
when you add the account through the gmail app , you will enter your account info , it will verify the info , and then ask you what you had like to sync , if anything at all . if you do not want anything to sync from the account , then nothing will be . if you change your mind , you can go into the settings -> accounts and sync , and the change it up .
yes ( if i understand you correctly ) . just go into settings - accounts and sync , then modify what things are synced per account . in other words , work@gmail . com can be set to sync gmail , contacts , calendar , etc . but you can set play@gmail . com to just sync gmail ( not contacts , etc ) . there are checkboxes once you add the account .
usually android can use only fat32 because of permissions in ext file systems . if you have a terminal emulator installed + root + busybox you can do it like that : open terminal ; type su to get root ; insert cable and flash drive ; type dmesg to get device name ; make a folder using your file manager ; try to : mount -t ext4 /dev/(device name) (path to folder you make) ; enter the folder : cd (path to folder) ; change the file permissons : chmod 777 (your file) ; go to that folder with file manager and play . or you could just use stickmount .
try usb mass storage watcher otg ( requires root ) . some people say it works on ext4 . if it does not work , it is possible your otg cable is not compatible .
have you tried the superoneclick root method ?
there are some games around that use over 80+ megabytes of space . cleaning those up first should give you some breathing space .
for limiting gmail storage , at least -- fire up the gmail client . click menu > settings > labels from there you can select how many days worth you want synced overall , and per label . reducing the number could help cut down on the clutter .
there really is not much control you can do over limiting storage . most likely the data is from the apps using local sqlite databases to store information their apps use . you can pretty much only do these things : move the app to the sd card if you have android 2.2 clear the data cache every now and then ( but it is going to grow again )
k-9 mail supports to store mail on the sdcard . so if you are not bound to the gmail or the other pre-installed mail apps , this might be worth a try . details can be found e.g. at technosamigos article how to save email data on your sd card rather than internal memory on android phones/tablets . basically , it requires the following steps : go to settings &rarr ; account settings . check for the storage option select the sdcard instead of internal storage done .
only if you rooted , you can use data2sd , where /data/data linked to /sd-ext/data ( or just sdcard mounted to /data ) . then all application data will be stored on sd card .
k-9 's option account settings > storage will allow you to save messages to the first sd card . most smartphones have no internal sd card , only the external . thus my ( android 4.1.2 ) smartphone stores to /sdcard/Android/data/com.fsck.k9/ . most tablets have an internal and an external sd card and k-9 uses the internal . my tablet ( also 4.1.2 ) stores to /storage/sdcard0/Android/data/com.fsck.k9/ . afaik k-9 cannot store to the removable sd card sdcard1 .
multitouch touch screen digitizers handle ( 2,3,4 . . . ) or more input fingers at a time at the hardware level . single touch devices handle only one finger at a time even if 2 or more are present . if you touch with a 2nd finger , the detected touch will " jump " from the first finger to the second finger location . install a touch screen visualizer or test application like z device test . you can watch a video how it looks with one finger on youtube ( which has fake dual touch and has some flaws ) . so what a fake dual touch driver does is this : it basically detects " jumps " of the finger and assumes it comes from a second and just keeps reporting a fixed virtual event ( coming from the last known position from the ( now vanished ) 1st finger touch ) while the 2nd touch is from your actual finger and reported regularly .
the difference between real dual-touch and fake dual-touch has to do with how the screen is built . real touch screens have an additional layer to allow for additional inputs . there are ways to emulate dual-touch with software . this is helpful in the case of your particular phone . this xda forum page has a list of updates for particular roms including 2 stock roms which enable fake dual touch .
yes , the hspa+ galaxy nexus phone from google play store is the i9250 model . that clip should fit it just fine .
whatsapp requires a sim-card as stated in a comment already . i know from various xda-developers discussions , that it is easier to do a backup from whatsapp on your phone with titanium backup , and then restore it inside your vm . beware : the message database is local and messages are not synced across identical accounts .
i was able to install android on virtualbox normally but never got whatsapp working on it , always errors and complications ( tablets are not supported , etc . . . ) . finally i found the only solution that worked for me on a spanish website . no sim-card needed ! also beginners will understand ! here 's the way i did it : download virtualbox for your system , install it . . . download android with whatsapp included android_4.1.1_whatsapp . ova . this is a fully working android version with whatsapp already installed if downloaded , open virtualbox and select " file"-menu " import appliance . . . " " open appliance " locate the downloaded " android_4.1.1_whatsapp . ova " , select it and press " open " " continue " " import " now you should have a virtual machine in vbox named " androvm_vbox86t_4.1.1_r4-20121002-gapps " . select it and press " start " . a window with running android will pop up , let it load , unlock it ( if cursor does not work , disable in " machine"-menu the " mouse integration" ) your android version will be in spanish language . with translate . google . com you will be able to select your own language in the settings menu in android . whatsapp is already installed , just run it and type a number you can be called with . . . follow the steps and there you go . hope i could help you , i am german , apologize for bad english ; )
feature of vpnroot does exactly do what you want : auto connect/disconnect on a specific wifi ( only for pro ) https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.did.vpnroothl=en
i had a similar issue on mine as well . the process to fix it was not to bad , knowing that you have the issue is the key . once you have gotten the proper ruu for your device in . zip format rename it to firmware . zip for ease of use . place it in your folder with fastboot ( sdk ) boot your phone into bootloader hook up your usb cable . make sure you have the fastbootusb in bootloader screen . then type the following commands , hope it goes well . re-lock your bootloader ( fastboot oem lock ) call up the ruu boot ( fastboot oem rebootruu ) you should get the htc logo at this point . flash the ruu ( fastboot flash zip firmware . zip ) at this point you could get an error 90 use the up arrow on keyboard to reselect your cmd command and hit enter . if no error or when complete type ( fastboot reboot-bootloader ) good luck many thanks to o.m.j. at xda for helping me with this issue when i ran across it .
you need to do a factory reset and wipe the dalvik cache . what bootloader are you using ? twrp or clockwork would be examples . i would enter this as a comment but lack the necessary reputation . this tread on xda may be of use . soft bricked - xda
why not install noled . your screen will light up with dots or icons depending the setup .
at the moment , there is no central spot on your phone to control which notifications show up on your phone and how they behave across apps . for this end , you will need to open up each application and tweak how and when it notifies you about new messages or other events . generally speking , every app has some settings ( or preferences ) that are accessible by the more button . hit the button and a sub-menu of options will pop up , with settings often among them . in most android apps settings , you will find a category for " notification , " " alerts , " or something akin . for the email app that i use for my company emails , it is labelled " notification settings " . find yours and click it ! from the presented screen , you can usually change when and how an app notifies you of whatever it monitors . taking the example of the email app that i am using , i can : un-check the " inbox notifications " entirely to disallow notifications on the status bar . select a ringtone for my incoming email messages . set the phone to vibrate when a new email arrives . with this options you can adjust your app to react the way you intend . note : some system global settings may overwrite your definitions for specific behaviours setup on each app . also some power saving apps like the one i use : easy battery saver have global settings to save battery , included preventing the phone from highlighting or vibrating . i have performed some successful tests using the vodafone huawei u8510 running android os , v2.3 ( gingerbread ) . as far as my knowledge goes , the android 2.2 . x froyo has pretty much the same notification behaviour .
as soon as the device gets factory-reset , you can forget about tracking it with google 's device manager : as your google account on the device is gone then , there is no way for google 's dm to communicate with it . unless you have installed some anti-theft solution which integrates with the rom ( and thus survices a factory-reset – a feature offered e.g. by cerberus , if your device is rooted ) , you will have lost all control then . but even a rom-integrated solution would be gone as soon as a new rom is flashed . as long as it is still working , you could take a second device and follow the lost one . once in range that you should be able to see it , you could trigger the 5-minutes-permanent-ringer . in the hope for an " honest finder " , who should take this as a proof and hand your device back to you . do not wait too long , or the battery might be dead !
i have tried to do this in my own car - here 's my experience with it . from a " hearing the person " perspective , the headphone jack into the car 's speaker system works great . what is even better is that the person does not ( generally ) hear themselves talking either ( no echo or feedback ) . this is using an original moto droid , so your mileage may vary . the problem that i have with this kind of setup is having the person hear me . i still , generally , have to hold the phone up to my mouth for the person on the other side to understand what i am saying . i have found it helps a little bit to enable speaker phone , but then the person sometimes gets the echo feedback . it is really a no-win situation . most likely , you will have to get an aftermarket blue tooth headset .
it is possible to use it this way but the quality of the results are going to depend on your phone , the car and how loud you have the speakers . i have done something similar with my moto droid 1 and will share my experience : the only difference between my configuration and the one you are inquiring about was that instead of plugging directly into an audio jack in my car i used an fm transmitter that i plugged into my headphone jack on my phone ( which then wirelessly beamed the phones audio to 88.1 fm on my stereo ) . in the past i have done the same thing with a tape deck adapter . needless to say the result was that all audio on my phone was coming out of my car speakers . i did this to listen to music and podcasts and accidentally discovered the hands free component when i got a call while it was hooked up this way . needless to say i was surprised to find that there was no feedback loop , no echo , and the person on the other end could not hear the speakers at all . it was also reported to me by the person on the other end of the line that my microphone was picking up my voice just fine , even though the droid was sitting in my cup holder . none of this really seem logical to me but it worked . that being said i do not know how a different phone would respond with a different car . i suggest that you bring a male to male 3.5 in headphone cord when you test drive the vehicle and place a test call to someone you have already briefed on the situation , so they can help you evaluate the quality of the call .
you can try to send the apk . file via bluetooth or via email . but if it does not work at all , go to settings> > security> > unknown sources ( enabled ) . . . beacuse apk . is a non-market apps .
normally phones should be able to install apps even if they are not signed . normally your friend should be able to install your app . i was able to download the application , and i could also start the installation from the link . make sure that your friends phone has ' unknown sources ' enabled in the security menu ( enable settings > security > unknown sources ) . because otherwise it will also not work ( without using google play == unknown source ) . no offense though , but i did not test all the way through the installation , because i do not trust it well enough and i have no idea what the app actually does . for all i know it is a virus ; - )
there could possibly be a bug which is causing the app to delete the latest incoming messages . un-install the application . power off and wait for 2-3mins switch on the device and install the app from the play store check for and install the latest updates for hangouts from the play store always keep your applications up to date in order to avoid some bugs like this in the future
this may not exactly answer your question , but if you press-and-hold the home button , you should get a list of the most recently-run applications . pressing any of them will activate the app . this is built in to ( i believe ) the launcher , so it is possible that this only applies to stock android and that it has different behavior on touchwiz ( or whatever skin samsung put on the galaxy s phones ) .
i usually started an application by inputting the name of the application on the search textbox . in my samsung spica , there is a dedicated " search button " , i can click on the search button to go to the search textbox and start typing the first few letters of the apps i want to start ; the autocomplete will do the rest and you can click on the application you want to start . in android , conceptually all programs are continuous and never halted . when the os needs to reclaim memory , it pauses the application and asks it to save state ; later on , the os wakes the app up and asks it to load its state . conceptually , applications never dies ; conceptually , all applications are running all the time ; android 's activity life cycle is designed to give this sort of illusion .
the app smart taskbar will show you a list of the all tasks ( apps ) that are currently running on your device and allow you to switch to that app , similar to the native functionality but you are not limited to the 6 most recent apps . basically it opens from any screen and also lets you set some shortcuts and widgets and choose from all installed apps ( like the app drawer ) so you can complete any task from anywhere on your phone without having to go to the home screen first . there are a bunch of other apps that let you switch between running apps , just search the market for " task switcher . "
sounds like you are overthinking it . android goes out of it is way to intelligently manage applications and resources . when you leave an app it will generally keep running as long as the resources are available . long pressing home and selecting it or just launching the shortcut again should take you right back to the running app . theoretically it should not matter if it is still running or not , though -- every app is supposed to save it is state in such a way that if the os kills it before you come back , it should still be able to launch back to the same state you left it in . this is not universally applied in programs yet , but it does seem to be much more widespread these days -- presumably because the developers are getting used to the " android way . "
a program like advanced task killer will give you a list of running applications . long press on one of them pops up a menu , and one of the options there is to switch to the application . you can also customize the long press so that the default action is ' switch to ' , saving you a menu . there are lots of reasons why something like a task killer is not something you should be using , but i will not get into all that . i have it on there for the extremely rare occasion that i need to kill a rogue process . you can also do a search over at app brain for ' task switchers ' . appswipe ! looks decent , but i have not used it ( or any of them ) .
i know of two other places in android to get the list of what is currently running . ( this is on my motorola droid . ) from the home screen : Settings | Applications | Running Services  or Settings | Applications | Manage Applications | Running  the views are different ; one shows all the services from each app , the other just shows the apps .
have you tried removing and re-adding the facebook account in your " accounts and sync " settings ? sometimes something in the sync process can get corrupted ( left half-finished , etc ) and that prevents future sync attempts from working properly . if you clear the account info off the phone and then re-sync it ( wi-fi recommended ) you should get a clean copy . if that does not work , something 's borked with your facebook app ; try completely uninstalling and reinstalling the app ( or at least remove all updates , if your phone/provider considers facebook a " system app" ) . if you had said that none of the facebook sections were syncing properly , i would say you were on a lan that was blocking access to the domain , but that is apparently not the case here .
samsung galaxy ace runs at least android version 2.2 and is upgradable to gingerbread , so the device already has the possibility to move apps to the sd card . though , not all apps support this . you can move an app to the sd card by navigating to settings -> applications -> manage applications and click on the app you want to move . then you click the button move to sd card . if you root your device you can move apps that does not support app 2 sd , as well ( except for launchers and widgets which must be installed on internal storage ) . if you are running android 2.2 you can use the desktop program super one click to root . if you are running 2.3 you can read a tutorial here . hope that helps !
i would guess it is an error . the easiest fix would most likely to be to : wipe the launcher app data wipe system data ( factory reset ) return to manufacturer ( hardware issue )
as it turned out , my " raw guess " was a direct hit -- so to make it easier to find for future " searchers " , i make it an answer as promised : this problem is mostly caused by the fact that something got messed up with the apps ' cache and/or data . so what you should try first is : go to settings &rarr ; apps &rarr ; manage apps select your launcher hit the button labeled " clear cache " if that does not solve the issue , take the same steps -- but in the last step hit the " clear data " button ( note : this will reset the launcher configuration as if you just removed the app and did a fresh re-install ) . if you still had no luck , you could simply uninstall and re-install the launcher ( as long as it is not a system app ) . this will do all the above , but additionally remove ( and on re-install re-create ) the apps dalvik cache . count it as " partial factory reset " . having mentioned the dangerous word : a factory-reset can serve as a " last resort " ( as it cleans the entire device ) -- but you would lose all your data that way , and needed to re-configure everything anew . in case you have to do that ( i do not think it is necessary for your case here ) , take care to have a backup of as much of your data as possible .
if you are running adw , you probably activated the " lock desktop " feature . this prevents accidentally adding/moving/removing icons from the home screen . to disable the lock , simply press the menu button and click " unlock desktop " . in the most recent update of adw , if your desktop is locked , pressing the menu button pops up a dialog box asking if you want to unlock the desktop .
adb is the acronym for android debug bridge , which is part of the android sdk ( software development kit ) . it uses a client-server-model ( i.e. . adbd , the adb daemon , is running on the device and can be connected to ) , and in most cases is used via an usb connection . it is also possible to use it via wifi ( wireless adb ) . there is nothing you need to install on your android device , as the adb daemon ( adbd ) is already integrated into the android os . it is usually accessed via a command line interface from the pc , where either the full android sdk is installed ( several 30 mb download archive currently ) , or a massively stripped-down version for " non-developers " , sometimes referred to as " mini adb " or " adb essentials " ( for linux , this is only the adb executable ; for windows it is adb.exe plus two or three .dll files ) : adb [-d|-e|-s &lt;serialNumber&gt;] &lt;command&gt;  ( serialnumber is only needed if there are multiple devices connected at the same time , so you have to specify the target ) it would become a rather long answer to explain all the options/commands available to adb . so i will only name some of the more important : adb backup / adb restore: to backup/restore your device , either single apps with/without their data , or data with/without their apps , up to a full backup of all apps and data , including system apps adb push / adb pull: copy files to/from the device adb shell: open a shell on the device to execute commands directly adb logcat / adb bugreport: display the system log or generate a complete bug report including system log , device information and more adb [un]install: ( un ) install an app this is just a small selection . there are additional commands for scripting , and especially adb shell has a lot of options ( basically , all linux and java commands available on the device can be run through it ) . useful references everything about adb ( a reference for everyone at xda developers ) adb for dummies ( again available via sdk developers . if you miss the guides as i did firstly : the first article is consisting of links only , colorful as they might look : ) ) android adb quick guide
the enabled=true in this list tells whether the ime 's service is enabled in its manifest ; that is , whether the developer of the ime has allowed it to appear in that list . it has nothing to do with whether it is turned on or off in the settings .
uninstalling the yahoo weather app worked for me . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2293566page=2
at the suggestion of a forum member elsewhere , i called tmobile and asked them about their new " uncarrier " plan . it is a non-contract , postpaid plan with the exact same pricing and services as my current tmo prepaid plan , but i regain the ability to forward voicemails among other things . you have to submit to a credit check for a possible deposit ( max is only one month 's plan ie $50 ) . so going to the " uncarrier " plan was the solution for me . hope this helps .
the youtube app does not provide these free movies . i believe the only movies google provides is in their play store ; obvious not free options .
i do see what you are talking about . in my youtube app ( ics version ) i can see several categories under " browse " , where it seems movies would fit in , but this category is non-existent . i do know that there are many videos on youtube that are " not available for viewing on mobile devices " , and i think this is what is happening in this case . for example , " talladega nights " is currently available under the youtube movie section , but cannot be found in doing a search on the mobile app . it looks like this is a desktop only feature for now :/
it appears that the " view free movies only " functionality has not been added to either the youtube app nor the mobile version of the site . presumably this will be added at some future date , but until then , a workaround ( which works for me in canada , at least from brief testing ( i was able to open and start watching final fantasy : the spirits within ) ) would be to do the following : open youtube.com/movies in your device browser . hit the " desktop " link at the bottom-left . open the free section as normal and find the movie you want . when you hit the watch now button , select to open in the youtube app rather than in browser . if at some point in those steps it just jumps on its own to the youtube app , you will need to go into settings-> applications-> youtube and clear the " launch by default " setting for the app .
you can look at the google changes for each release of android , but this device uses samsung touchwiz . this release contains the google changes , plus the changes that samsung made . i do not know of a " change log " page that samsung has . i read that this version is the official gingerbread 2.3.5 release of android touchwiz . but also , if you use a usb jig , that it breaks the that functionality .
disconnect your phone . reinstall the drivers . toggle usb debug mode , reboot your phone and connect it . if that does not work , try putting your phone into download mode manually .
you can check the background process limit box . its the best way to limit your background processes and in a way save your battery . you can also use power saving mode if you have one . . . .
on my htc wildfire ( buzz ) running android 4.0.4 i find the corresponding option in settings&rarr ; data usage , when i hit the " menu " button . this brings up a sub-menu with 4 checkboxes : data-roaming , background data , show wifi , linear scale . tapping the " background data " option i am informed : background data only can be limited if you defined an overall limit for mobile data ( well , i have not defined any limit there yet ) . so that should be where background data can be restricted .
as of 28/03/2013 the difference is that with the free version is limited to a total of 10 downloads ( maps , voice packages , etc ) and does not support offline wikipedia content . i know because i tried the free version and then buyed the plus one to be able to download entire european countries . also i think is a really good application for 7 euros .
there exist 3 versions of osmand the market free version : full featured the market plus version : full featured , used as a way to donate to the developers as incentive to keep on improving . the f-droid version : a source compiled free software version by fdroid with almost no changes to the normal version . not so frequent app updates . the maps are updated the same way as in the offical build . do not under any circumstances install two versions at the same time , it will seriously destroy both of the apps , the map files on sd , your sanity and your battery power .
you could go into the applications option in settings , and clear the data from the play store app , uninstall updates ( if that is an option ) , stop it running etc . then go and enter the store as usual , which should force it to check and update . this might take a minute or so .
usually , google play services will always run in the background and if there is an latest release of the play store is available , it would updated automatically . you may enable google auto sync and check whether it works . if not , there may be some problem with google play services . alternatively , try installing the apk from xda .
and if you are using a open wifi network for example on a café , then you can be watched with a simple app called droidsheep . . but all devices can be detected by such app , even mac and windows and ios . . . so just be careful when you are using a open wifi network . . .
when you say that wi-fi is enabled i am taking you literally : that wi-fi is enabled but is not actually connected to an access point ( hotspot ) . so the answer is no . just enabling the wi-fi on your phone does not make it visible to other devices . it just sits there listening passively . no one around you can see your wi-fi or get it to respond . if you set your device to be a wi-fi hotspot ( typically for tethering purposes ) it will emit a signal called a beacon that allows other devices to see it . also , if you turn on wi-fi direct then it can be seen , but this is a new feature in android 4 that is not widely used yet and i do not know much about it .
i would guess this is not cm9 specific , but based on a quick test on my kindle fire you can just hit the Back button on the account select screen the first time you launch music and it will simply skip it . also , you can unlink your account by clearing the music app 's data in your settings ( Settings-&gt;Applications-&gt;Music-&gt;Clear Data ) .
besides a few visual differences , the look to be the exact same device . the only differences i see between the 2 spec sheets is the dimensions and weight . i5800 specs i5801 specs
glad your problem is resolved . however , to answer the question a little more directly , there are logs where additional information for things such as this often exist . you can download android system info from electricsheep and you can view the logs here . it is very unfriendly but is sometimes helpful .
it sounds like the database is corrupted . i would go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications and clear the data for gmail and gmail storage . if that does not work , try clearing the data for everything google ( talk , google framework services , etc . ) .
seems like gandhicam is dead . . .
i am not sure it is open source , as i could not find any reference to it being so , but you can try using the contact link on their website to report the bug .
this is something you should ask the it support people at your university about . most mysterious problems like this are caused by security settings on the wi-fi network itself . probably it is mac-filtered , so only devices that have been registered with the network administrators are able to connect . you might have forgotten registering your previous phone if you have had it for a long time .
well , that is weird i would say if the device is working with the other wi-fi network then have you tried talking with the network administrators ? sometimes they block mac address to prevent misuse ! i would say this problem can only be solved from the network admins . try talking to them about the problem .
it is possible that your device does not support the encryption and authentication methods that eduroam uses . while normal wpa2 encrypted wifis use tkip encryption , eduroam uses aes . in addition to this , the device must support enterprise authentication ( sometimes called 802.1x ) , and a compatible eap method ( eap ttls-pap , peap , eap tls eap fast ) . which of these is used is up to your network administrator . like the other answers said , try asking your network admins for help .
i have a non-branded htc desire and i get ota updates just fine . you will actually get the updates sooner because these updates are provided by htc directly , which operators have to brand for their devices first before making them available . i can not imagine this being any different for the desire hd . you will also have more options for installing updates by hand , as described here for example ( again , this is for desire , not desire hd )
i received ota update to 2.2 in the summer . i have a sim-free htc desire for russian market . i bought in april . i see no obstacles why a sim-free phone would not get an ota update . generally it should be released faster , because it comes from htc . in case of branded phones , update comes from carriers . that may need additional time as carriers include their software into the update .
afaik , android updates are released by the google then the phone 's manufacturer ( e . g . htc ) writes updates for the drivers , and providers ( e . g . t-mobile ) only help with the distributions . so you will at least be able to do manual updates as long as your phone manufacturers released the update . however , this means getting update depends on your phone manufacturers support ( i heard htc is quite good on this ) . if , for example , your manufacturer decided not to support updating of your phone ( e . g . samsung has no plans for updating spica to froyo ) , then you probably will not be able to update using official rom ( although there is almost always a community update to non-official roms ) .
it has not . the status would change if the message went through . now you will have to check you mms settings from Messaging -&gt; menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Multimedia message settings and your mms apn from Settings -&gt; Wireless -&gt; Mobile networks -&gt; Access point names ( or Settings -&gt; More.. -&gt; Mobile networks -&gt; Access point names in newer versions ) . after you have corrected these and verified that your carrier/operator has enabled mms on your account , the message should be sent . or you have to long-press it and select Retry .
the android bug report system . search to see if someone has already suggested the feature , then submit your idea using the feature request template .
i am not aware of a full-blown replacement for titanium backup , but there are solutions for the specific functions you are after : recent versions of link2sd can convert user apps to system apps and vice versa ( available on google play ) . switchme offers a solution for switching among multiple user profiles ( available on google play ) . the free version is limited to two profiles and " no security features " .
lie ryan’s answer is probably the ultimate solution but it might be worth trying the less severe clear options first . that is , try the browser clear options in the following order : history , cache , all cookie data , form data and finally passwords . one of those lesser options might just resolve the issue , without having to lose all of your saved passwords .
i do not think it is possible to clear only a single saved password in the stock browser , but you can do Menu &gt; More &gt; Settings &gt; Clear passwords to clear all saved password .
on android 4.0+ , there is a section in settings named data usage : when data is enabled , you will see an option to limit your data . once ticked , two markers labeled ' limit ' and ' warning ' will appear . you can drag them up and down to set their values . tapping menu will give you this : as you can see , you can toggle background data from there .
wifi file explorer is perfect for this ! i am using it right now , in fact ! the newest version allows for uploading as well as downloading from pc to device , over wifi . i have been using this app for a while now , and i can honestly say it works perfectly , and there are good devs behind it that are updating with useful functions consistently .
thanks for the answers . but i managed to solve it using some commands i found on the ubuntu forums at canonical . apparently , it is possible to connect the transformer via usb . but since it shows up as an mtp device instead of a normal storage device . . . ubuntu was unable to recognize it . once i installed the necessary drivers , it was possible to mount it like a normal storage device . of course , the only inconvenience is that i would have to type the mount and dismount commands every time i plug and unplug the asus transformer . i chose to do a direct usb transfer instead of wifi , cos i simply found the wifi transfers too unreliable . none the less , thanks to all the other answers as well . if anything i learned something new :- )
the easiest way is probably via a shared folder . see is there a way to mount a windows shared drive so i can access those files on my phone ? for details on that . you could also run an ftp server on your pc and use an ftp client on your tablet .
i share a folder from my desktop and then use andsmb on my xoom to connect and copy files as needed . i have been satisfied with it so far .
had a similar issue between nexus s and 2012 kia sportage . worked fine for about a week , then audio streaming just stopped . connection was still good , could make and receive calls . tried a number of things like cycling the bt on/off , disconnecting/reconnecting , renaming the phone , etc . brought it to dealer but was told the problem was with the phone since they were able to stream using an iphone . in the end , a soft reset ( power off/on ) fixed it .
finally i found the solution : when in car mode ( automatically toggled using llama when my car connects via bluetooth ) , i use car dock home v3 as home replacement . inside it is preferences in the " car mode system settings " there is an option called " samsung usb mount au . . . " ( can not read the complete entry ) . i had already forgotten that i checked this option since i wanted to know what it does . now i know that it mutes a2dp ; ) no idea what it should do but fortunately now i have sound again .
there are quite many ice ( in case of emergency ) apps on the market ; these apps displays your contact information in your lock screen .
matthew 's comment seems most practical . . . but you can try contact owner ; that displays info for one contact on your lock screen . i use it ; it works fine .
there are a few parts to the process : unlocking or bypassing any bootloader protection , allowing the system partition to be written installing the relevant binaries to acquire root . both of these stages can vary from phone to phone , but here are a few examples : unlocking the bootloader on many oem phones , this traditionally involves exploiting a vulnerability in part of the system in order to rewrite certain partitions . sometimes it will mean flashing a new bootloader , a new recovery ( this is becoming common ) or temporarily booting from an image over usb , in order to gain recovery access to the system partiton . on the nexus range of phones , and the development phones that were released by google , it is as simple as running " fastboot oem unlock " , though this will wipe the phone . also , bowing to pressure from the development community , many manufacturers now offer an official route to unlocking the bootloader . installing the root binaries . once the system partition has been cracked then the rest is fairly straight-forward . it basically means installing the ' su ' binary ( this escalates to super user permissions ) , and an apk which provides an android front end to ' su ' , and prompts the user when an app is requesting root permission . there are several approaches to this second stage . the most common has been to use a pre-rooted rom provided by the community . there is often a choice , from the stock rom provided by the manufacturer and then tinkered with to add the binaries , through to a whole range of aosp ( android open source project ) roms , such as cyanogenmod ( one which i contribute to ) . there are some other methods . for example , some phones ( eg galaxy nexus ) can use a " superboot " bootloader , which tinkers with your existing rom as bard of the boot process . it is flashed to your phone using the fastboot program . typically there will be a single favoured approach for any particular phone .
thanks alot . cleaning settings data has helped me instantly . since i am using go launcher and other stuff , i coulnd't find a proper to get to app details of settings . if you have clean master , it is easy . open it . go to app-manager - uninstall - pre-installed apps - cannot unistall [ at the bottom ] - click on " settings " - details . there you go .
i had the same problem where settings would keep on crashing . i just got the snapshot today and it did the same thing . after experimenting i fixed it by going in the app drawer and holding on setting , opening its app info , and clearing data . it now opens and works well . i hope this helps .
i knew i had turned it on ( autotype/autocorrect/wordpredict ) since i first got my phone , but could not figure out how to turn it off , until now . on my samsung galaxy s i use an android keyboard . there are keyboard options and typing options for the phone under settings in the app area . . . but none of those will change the features of the keyboard itself . these features are accessed from the keyboard , on the bottom line ( as it appears when you first start to type ) . . . there is a settings button ( looks like a cog or a sprocket ) next to the go button . . . you will find all the necessary settings you seek to turn on or off all of the annoying features that your keyboard does automatically . cgh
for htc one vx settings > language and keyboard > htc sence input> advance settings > ( turn off ) word prediction .
turn off tracing . this makes it impossible to disable the prediction part because they use same software bits . then disable the prediction .
the following works for me on an htc incredible . hopefully your settings are similar . settings > language and keyboard > touch input > text input > prediction . you should be able to un-check prediction .
i have a nexus s with 4.0.4 and i have turned off settings/language and input/spelling correction , but when writing smses it still corrects me . then found another settings : settings/language and input/ android keyborad -> press settings button next to this , then down you have show correction suggestion ( i am turing it to always hide )
on the galaxy s4 you can turn off the " predictive " text by going to settings in your apps . settings . . . language and keyboard . hit settings ( cog wheel ) then turn off " predictive " text .
i have a samsung galaxy glide . the predictive text feature can be shut of by doing the following : open a text window like you normally would when you send a text using go sms pro . on the bottom left hand corner you will see the settings icon which is the same as the icon for your phone settings . hit this button and it will bring up a screen of settings that you can select . uncheck the predictive text setting and voilà - no more annoying auto complete when you are trying to text !
the tab 4 uses mhl via the usb port for video-out . if you use an mhl hdmi adapter , it'll provide hdmi video out .
try external keyboard helper . a non visible soft keyboard ( input method ) intended to be used with hardware bluetooth and usb keyboards . it automatically brings up the input method dialog when bluetooth keyboard connects or disconnects ( on some devices this can also be made to work with usb keyboards ) . it supports a lot of different keylayouts also provides a lot of configuration options .
here is the ultimate answer : first , on your phone , install a terminal-emulator from android market , then run cat /proc/cpuinfo  which will show you the detailed processor information of your phone ( arm5 in my case ) . afterwards , you need to install an arm5 cross-compiler environment on your linux box ( download ubuntu and virtualbox if you are a windows/mac-freak and do not have a linux box ) , in order to compile native code for your phone . you do this in order to be able to start a privilege escalation attack on your phone . so , next , you need to cross-compile a privilege-escalation attack for arm5 ( htc hero microprocessor ) . for that , use the rageagainstthecage attack made by sebastian krahmer of suse linux berlin ( in binary only ) , reverse-engineered here : http://pastebin.com/fxsgij3n a precompiled version is available here http://cmw.22aaf3.com/common/rageagainstthecage-arm5.zip download the android sdk starter kit from google . install the appropriate android platform sdk ( version 2.1 for me ) . http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html then , download the superuser ( su ) package : http://cmw.22aaf3.com/common/su-2.3.6.2-efgh.zip put all , the superuser package , the su program , and the rageagainstthecage exploit in the same folder as adb ( a program to connect to your android phone from the android sdk ) . you need to enable usb-debugging , and switch of internet sharing . next , you transmit the file rageagainstthecage . bin to folder /data/local/tmp on your phone ( initially , as normal user , you have write access only to the sdcard and the temp folder , but this is sufficient ) adb push rageagainstthecage.bin /data/local/tmp/  then you start a shell on your phone : adb shell  and change ownership on rageagainstthecage . bin to all chmod 755 /data/local/tmp/rageagainstthecage.bin  next , you start rageagainstthecage on your phone as normal user /data/local/tmp/rageagainstthecage  when the exploit finished , your adb connection should terminate . if it does not type exit adb kill-server adb start-server  now connect again to your phone : adb shell  adb shell now runs with escalated privileges ( root ) . so now , remount the file system so you can write on the system partition . mount -o remount,rw -t yaffs2 /dev/block/mtdblock3 /system exit  now push su and superuser to your phone ( remember , you have write access now ) adb push su /system/xbin/ adb push Superuser.apk /system/app/  and then change ownership on su to all adb shell chmod 4755 /system/xbin/su  next download and install one of all those free tether apps that require you to root your phone . start superuser . now start your tether app . a popup will appear , which will ask you whether you want to grant this app root access . say yes , and check remember . now switch of your phone and restart . when it has restarted , everything is back to normal , no more root privileges . but su is still there and executable for everyone . so , when logged in , start the wifi tether app . since you checked remember in the superuser app , it will use su to switch this application to root , which means it will now run fine , with only the tether app with root privileges : ) next , connect with your linux box to your brand-new working android wifi hotspot . after you are sure it works , do not forget to put access restrictions for the hotspot in place . btw , if you use your escalated privileges to export some apk packages for reverse-engineering , you will notice that android lacks the cp command . you can circumvent that restriction by using cat ( copy-cat ) instead : cat /data/app/superuser.apk &gt;&gt; /sdcard/Downloads/superuser.apk  ; - )
you will not like this answer but your carrier may provide the service if you are willing to pay extra for it . sprint offered a wifi hotspot feature for $30/month on the evo pre 2.2 . ridiculous , yes . but may be your only option .
i do not know of any way to do wifi tethering without root ( before 2.2 ) . you can , however , use bluetooth or a usb cable with pdanet which does not require root .
easy tether is an awesome app that allows wifi tethering . http://www.androidzoom.com/android_applications/communication/easytether-lite_eoqh.html
you can get unrevoked , its an app which gives you root access without changing your kernel/flashing a rom/voiding your warrenty , use that on every startup ( its automatic ) and then get the superuser app . then you can use the open tethering app which requires root access . thats the only free way to do wifi tethering . otherwise pay sprint or your provider the monthly enable tethering fee . worst case scenario you can tether using easytether app . it creates a forwarding mechanism for http requests through the usb port . requires software on android + computer . its not wifi tethering , but its free , rootless tethering . for 3 bucks you can get the pro version and do https as well . better than nothing ( or 30 bucks a month --err thats insane-- )
my samsung galaxy s ( android 2.1 ) had a tethering option build in from the start . settings-> wifi-mobile ap and i only had to check a checkbox for it to work . and it works really great . ( not locked here t-mobile/netherlands ) i can not find the application name though .
short answer , you need to root for wifi hotspot tethering , or pay sprint $30 a month . i thought about purchasing the package , but decided against it because they already charge you $10 extra per line for no legit reason . my thought there is they expect you to tether and can not do anything about it really , so they charge you extra and every month , 10 bucks adds up quickly per line , especially for those on your plan who do not even care to tether at all .
switch to custom lockscreens . many provide a way to hide status bar . i use widgetlocker lockscreen which supports this feature .
i assume you have tried the web-based version . interestingly enough , if you add a shortcut to it it has a special icon . i have tried some of the other ones and seem to always go back to the web-based version .
there is a dearth of official apps for google 's own services on google 's own mobile os . no official google reader app , no official widget . that may be because they work on optimizing the mobile versions of those web-services , to obviate the need for an additional app . you have already got the browser -- why install an app for a web-service ? this 2008 article on how greader renders in mobile webkit might explain some of the concept .
according to my market , market differs according to your country , there is no " official google reader " app . may i suggest downloading newsrob , it is in the market and there are two versions ; paid and free , and even the free version features a widget to launch the application , which is simple and light , and it even has a very good feature , you can make the app download all of the new articles or so , with its images , for browsing offline .
i just downloaded the official google reader app from the market . no widget yet .
in my opinion there is an issue with the default mail app on the samsung galaxy phones . i have recently switched from iphone to galaxy note 3 and was really disappointed with the mail app not properly deleting emails from the server using imap . i know what i am doing and have it successfully working on other droid and ios devices . my work - around is to not use the trash can icon to delete mail but instead to use the move icon and choose to move the mail to the inbox . trash folder . or you could just use maildroid as there is much more control over what you want to do . i am back on the default mail app now and happy with my work - around as the samsung email app works best with the galaxy gear smart watch .
this might seem silly to ask , but is your auto-sync to gmail setting on ? assuming your email 's imap settings are correct , then the issue is with your phone . in the case of the default email android client , you need to have auto-sync on for each added email account . once that is checked on , your emails on the server will reflect any changes made on the phone .
it is to do with the transport mode you are using when you tell maps to ask for directions . pick a point on the map . press and hold till the bubble comes up . tap on the bubble , choose directions , now the directions panel comes up with from and to lines and under that will be the choice driving , public transport or walking . choose driving then press navigation . that works for me after i was suffering the same problem as you . hope this helps
no , not directly . however , if you use google voice , you can have all your text messages emailed to you , which would allow you to sync them . link to google voice
sms backup + will sync sms messages to your gmail account , you can then sync those to your outlook using google apps sync .
there is a messaging app called touchdown which will sync sms . it is not perfect but i will never go back . you can see more on their website .
download stock rom from google , and flash it . to check correct version for your nexus 7 2012 , see this question . since it would now be stock , you had have to root it again .
check to see if all of those music processes are running . i would assume they all listen to play/pause events while active , maybe verifying that all but one are killed could get a response from just one .
the app media button router is just what you are looking for . the app allows you to choose the media app you wish to control with the bluetooth forward/reverse buttons using voice prompts . the app does not work perfectly with all media apps , but i find that by playing with the settings you can usually overcome problems . but when it works it is magic !
copy the files directly by mounting your device storage to the pc , do not use kies . see gathrawn 's comment for details ( thanks ! ) .
my advice : root your device first . then copy that available ppd file into particular apps driver location and proceed usb printing .
it is not currently possible yet with the official cwm ( v6.0.2.3 ) or twrp ( v2.6.3.0 ) : clockworkmod recovery v6.0.2 . x will throw this error . you have to update it to cwm 6.0.4.5 which is not yet available for the galaxy tab 2 , 10.1 ( gt-p5113 ) . the latest version of twrp 2.6.3.0 also has this error . cyanogenmod posted about this issue on google plus with old versions of cwm . however it is possible with an unofficial recovery here is a description of the problem you are encountering with android 4.4 , in short , the previously used set_perms method was deprecated and replaced by set_metadata . unfortunately , most of available recoveries didn’t allow users to flash these packages properly , and this has resulted in the following error message : set_metadata_recursive : some changes failed this means you will have to use a different recovery that supports set_metadata_recursive , one such recovery that worked for me was , philz-non-touch-recovery_6 _ ( advanced-cwm ) . tar . md5 it is based off of cwm base v6.0.4.5 . you can find a conversation about it here . what i did was boot into download mode : shut down the tablet . unplug the usb . hold volume up and power . let go of both after it boots and you see it is in download mode . plug in usb . then you are going to want to untar the archive you have downloaded , tar xvvf ./GT-P5110_PhilZ-NON-Touch-Recovery_6_\(Advanced-CWM\).tar.md5  and , finally flash it into the recovery partition , heimdall flash --RECOVERY recovery.img --no-reboot  now when you boot into recovery mode and you are in philz non touch recovery 6 , you will see the option to flash the cm11 . zip , or adb sideload it , which is what i did . footnotes the gt-p5110 for philz works with the gt-p5113 too ; i have the gt-p5113 and it worked fine . this tutorial will also work just fine with the gt-p5110 ( which i think has a official cwm that does this ) . on this page you can also find the download link for the gt-p5100 .
after months of not being able to debug through adb , i have figured it out . according to this answer on stack overflow , the program EasyTetherUSBEthernet can cause problems with adb . running this in terminal , with a reboot fixed all my problems . sudo kextunload -v /System/Library/Extensions/EasyTetherUSBEthernet.kextv  if you need to use EasyTetherUSBEthernet you can reload it using : sudo kextload -v /System/Library/Extensions/EasyTetherUSBEthernet.kext 
just pull down the notification ( not the notification bar , the specific notification you want to expand ) with two fingers to expand ( if and only if , the notification supports expanding ) . if you cant expand it with two fingers swiping down , then just turn on the auto rotation and navigate to somewhere ( which can be rotated , in my case i use to go to settings ) and then slide down your notification bar . it should be visible by now . : )
follow this steps , it will bring you phone back to life http://www.hackmyandroid.com/how-unbrick-optimus-android-phone/1980
the progress bar being stuck for a while is not unusual as progress bars are fairly difficult to get right . an update taking more than half an hour , on the other hand , does not sound right to me . of course your phone could simply be slower at this task than mine .
yes , such internet-based applications normally use background services to stay connected with their servers and use mobile data when wi-fi is not available . but data usage is often very low for such background apps . if you want to stop any data usage of any app when you are not using internet apps , you can disable mobile data temporarily . to do so , go to settings -> wifi and networks -> mobile data and uncheck the option to disable mobile data . also , if you are using android 4 ics or newer , you can disable background mobile data usage for some apps . just go to settings and under wireless and networks , click on data usage . then you will see a list of apps that has used your data . select the app you want to restrict and in newer window , scroll to bottom and check option " restrict background data " . then , no background mobile data for that app is allowed .
use alarm clock xtreme . its reliable and it has everything you want .
ps : i have just talked to some of my friends and on their phone i disappeared from their favourites list automatically without manually refreshing . i have just received the following answer from whatsapp 's support team : hi there , thanks for confirming your account to be deleted within the whatsapp settings . your phone number has been deactivated and it is scheduled to be deleted within 30 days . therefore , please have your contacts refresh their favorites list so that you no longer appear as a whatsapp user . if you have any other questions or concerns , please feel free to contact us . we would be happy to help ! sad that my friends have to refresh their favourites list manually for me to be deleted . especially when exactly this is described by whatsapp 's faq to be done seemingly automatically when you delete your account : deleting your account will do the following : [ … ] delete you from your friends ' whatsapp favorites lists . [ … ]
no . what you are doing there is not just setting a port number away from the default : setting the number at all is what causes the device to start listening . before you run the steps in the question , the device is not listening for adb connections on any port at all . for this reason , there is no " default port " to connect to without setting anything up on the device .
if you have a later version of android ( it works on 4.4 for sure ) , there is a wireless debugging option in developer tools . you can activate that and type this in terminal , adb connect &lt;ip address of phone&gt; it will default to using port 5555 if you do not give it a port . i think that is what you are after .
there is no way i know of to pass on settings to one device or another unless 1 ) they are the same model of phone and 2 ) both phones are rooted . you can back up your current system settings using clockworkmod backup if rooted , then flash that onto the other phone through clockworkmod as well . this will share all your apps you had at the time of the backup . as far as sharing apps , your google account will transfer your apps from phone to phone . just sign in with your google account and re-install from the app store . you do not need root access to do this . for either option , to use most paid apps you need to be signed in to your google account when you use them , otherwise they will not work .
the answer to this question is hideously complex . it requires adb set up on your mobile and pc . cyanogenmod enables adb on the device by default . instructions for setting adb up on the pc can be found here . with the phone connected to the pc , using a command prompt go to the directory containing adb , and start a shell . on my system the command to do this is as follows , but it may be different on yours . cd "\Program Files (x86)\Android\android-sdk\platform-tools" adb shell  you will then get a prompt consisting of a single # if all is well . enter the following command : sqlite3 /data/data/com.android.providers.settings/databases/settings.db  the prompt will then change to sqllite&gt;  enter the command select * from secure;  this will produce a list of parameters . the one you are looking for will be something like : 440|lockscreen_gestures_disable_unlock|1  the number on the left hand side is an &lt ; id&gt ; which varies from phone to phone . the next command is then update secure set value=0 where _id=&lt;id&gt;;  so in this example the command would be update secure set value=0 where _id=440;  reboot the phone , and the unlock button will have returned and you will have access to the phone again .
i had an android for a long time before i got my windows phone ( still prefer android ) , and i used an app called network monitor . here 's the link to it : http://www.androidzoom.com/android_applications/tools/network-monitor_biuf.html i had a htc inspire as well , and it worked perfectly .
i know nothing about ' pandaboard ' . but a usb otg port , acts as both master and slave . depending on the spare pin of the mini usb cable ( if its grounded or not ) . a host port aka your pc can only talk to salves like flash/hard drives . usb otg can talk to flash drives and also act like a flash drive too .
one way to prevent this is to create an extra guest profile with help from switchme : get root , install switchme , create an guest profile , protect your profile with an password and enable switchme 's login manager feature . this allows you to recover the tablet by rebooting into your profile and resetting or deleting the guest profile . note that switchme may not work with your rom .
is your widget application installed to the sd card ? if yes , then that is the problem . when the phone reboots , it takes a few minutes for the sd card to get loaded . this causes an issue for any widgets that are not installed to the internal memory as they are not available when the phone first boots up , causing them to not load . so , please verify the widget app is installed to internal memory instead of the sd card . this is what you are looking for :
since android kitkat , apps cannot access sdcard without special permissions . most custom roms however bypass this requirement
to use those new feature when informations are being pulled from gmail you are going to need the new gmail app there is a flashable zip on xda-developers but its reporting to break some stuff so your best bet is to wait a week or so to get the jellybean update from google .
as titanium backup technical faq states : this option tells the market that you do not want to update a specific app . this option is especially useful if you need to unlink wrongly linked android apps from play store , as this article explains .
after many failed tries to reactivate the htc facebook , i have decided to reset to factory defaults . this fixed the issue . now facebook for htc is working fine .
taking google 's music app as an example ( i would wager most others are implemented similarly ) , there are two distinct parts that constitute the app : the foreground processes and tasks that the user interacts with the background service that actually handles music playback point 2 can be verified in this android developer 's blog post wherein it is stated : music playback runs in a service to allow it to continue operating after the user leaves the music application . this distinction ends up being important when you remove an app from the recent tasks list . as covered in my answer to another question , the following is what happens when you swipe an app out of the list , as stated by android engineer dianne hackborn : actually , removing an entry in recent tasks will kill any background processes that exist for the process . it will not directly causes services to stop , however there is an api for them to find out the task was removed to decide if they want this to mean they should stop . this is so that removing say the recent task of an e-mail app will not cause it to stop checking for e-mail . in this case , that means that the foreground tasks of the music app are being stopped , but the background service ( evidently ) chooses to continue running . this is a product of the way the app is implemented , so you simply will not be able to stop music playback by swiping the app out of the list . instead , you can try the following from the recent apps list ( also covered in the above linked answer ) : if you really want to completely stop an app , you can long press on recent tasks to go to app info , and hit force stop there .
in the phone 's settings : communication -> cellular network -> access points ( the actual names/path may vary by language/type , but that should give you an idea ) i switched from wap to internet . the operator was providing it all along , just the phone was defaulting to wap .
besides being an apn issue , as pointed out by aadi , it could also be that your current mobile contract does not allow some type of mobile communication ( like gtalk ) . you should contact your mobile carrier and ask him .
it is an ap issue , call your operator and ask him to send the gprs settings again . once done , choose it and if it does not work , restart phone , it should work .
you can try to make your ( perhaps incompatible ) keyboard work using externel keyboard helper . if this works here is the fully functional pro version . i bought this app to completely reconfigure the keyboard layout of my bluetooth keyboard and to get an automatic dialog on keyboard connection to adjust the input method and the app is imho pretty useful once you get it how to deal with the configuration interface . ; - ) maybe it works for you as well and detects the input from your keyboard . you can just give it a try as its free anyway .
maybe your mobile does not support otg . it may also need to be connected via a powered usb hub in order to provide enough power .
i have an lg optimus 2x . same , 512 mb of ram . i have used ics . now i am on jellybean ( 4.1- cm10 ) . i have never had a problem using the phone . ( heck it because so much smoother in jb ) . the only problem is that certain memory hungry apps like chrome are a tad bit laggy .
i think smoothness depends more on the processor/gpu/chipset than ram . ram is of course still important but 512mb should be enough . more ram is only needed for multitasking , so android does not immediately kill background apps when memory is low .
i use switchpro widget app instead of the power controls . so many more options and customizable . not free but only 99c . it has a auto rotate toggle among many more switches .
i was wrong about the setting , it was not the auto rotate button . power control widget does not have auto rotate , just wifi - bt - gps - sync - brightness . from http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=42405 : what you consider to be the auto-rotate toggle , is the button to switch the sync ! it will switch whether your device will sync in background or not .
i too was thinking the sync button on the power control widget was the auto-rotate buttong . however i have found that by touching the top status bar and dragging it down gives me an auto-rotate button without having to go into settings , etc . . . this is available while inside most apps so you do not have to exit to go to the settings panel .
have had a look at the kmsg , and logcat , the logcat was showing this : am wondering is there an issue with the camera , as matter of interest , when taking a snapshot with the camera , it usually plays back an audio clip of sound of " snapshot " when the button is pressed ? this is coinciding with the oops : so my guess is that the media player , somewhere , between qualcomm hardware that controls the camera , and the playback crashed . am hedging bets on the kernel 's camera itself . . . best to post this on cm 's forum to see if this is known issue .
i had a look at the klog , all you can do is : search for a different kernel ( is your firmware up to date ? ) ask the ( correct ! ) maintainer/developer to fix it especially if it is an inofficial cyanogenmod build , you cannot ask the cm team , but have to ask in the forum where you got the firmware image from . track it down and fix the kernel yourself ( unlikely , that you have asked this here ) some background : that is definitely a kernel problem , have a look at the line [ 4264.601013 ] unable to handle kernel null pointer dereference at virtual address 00000000 . . . [ 4264.603424 ] pc is at audmgr_enable+0x168/0x1c8 if you want to know more you can read up on stackoverflow on how to diagnose a kernel oops and what is a linux kernel null pointer dereference . there is also a howto available here .
i guess you could try running windows 95 or older versions inside dosbox . of course this would require some knowledge on ms-dos stuff and some patience and skill . . here 's a good tutorial on how to boot win95 on dosbox . http://vogons.zetafleet.com/viewtopic.php?t=24936 i would suggest you try this first on a desktop machine with dosbox . another way would be to run it using qemu for android http://www.mobilephonetalk.com/showthread.php?63990-qemu-for-android-runs-any-os
this has been reported as a bug in the android source but no particular action seems to have been taken . you can follow and star the issue on the android bug tracker . alternatively , one comment on the bug tracker notes some potential workarounds you an take a look at : just an additional comment for all those still waiting for this bug to be fixed : current version of handcent saves the " sent time " of the messages . it can be seen on " message details " . it is not the perfect solution but it is the best solution that we have right now . " sms timestamper fix " from andrperk worked for me most of the times but not always . additionally , some commenters have reported that certain handsets do not suffer from this bug , presumably because the manufacturer patched it themselves in their messaging application or sms framework .
it depends : you are on a cdma network ( verizon , sprint ) you can not call and use internet at the same time ( exepect if you use internet over wifi ) - this is limitation of cdma only networks you are on a gsm network ( at and t for us and almost all other operator worlwide excluding asia ) . in this case if you have 3g connectivity you should be able to use 3g and call at the same time , if connectivity not 3g but only grps/edge you can not have a call and internet at the same time ( because gprs/edge use voice channel )
yes install some other tts engine like , this or this . and as the market page says , to enable it : 1 . menu > settings > voice input and output > text-to-speech settings 2 . check " espeak tts " . 3 . set your " default engine " to " espeak tts " .
can the app record my internet browsing and send it to an outside source ? it may depend on which browser you are using . the stock browser should save it is browsing history within its private storage . if there is no root exploit , an external app should be unable to access the browsing history . can the app upload to an outside source photos that i have taken ? if the app requests and gets granted the write external storage permission , it would be able to access your photos . then it would only need the internet permission , to upload these photos so some site . can the app look at data from other apps and use it ? usually not . but again , if there is a root exploit available for your firmware version , it could use it to access every piece of data on your android device . are there particular app permissions which are rare requirements that might indicate a malicious app ? well , it depends on what the app should do and what permissions are requested . most apps that could also run offline , request the internet permission for ads . contact the app developer if you are not sure why the app needs/requests a particular permission . i would be careful with permissions that could also cost you money : send sms and call phone . i have heard that some strange social network app requests now send sms for some reason . also the read phone state and identity is pretty common , because it is needed for backwards compatibility with older android versions . but it allows the app to read for example your imei , which is unique to your device .
hit the menu button . it should then bring up the day/week/month view options .
battery indicator pro or a similar alternative might help . in addition to showing the remaining battery in numbers , it also tries to " guesstimate " the remaining minutes , depending on light/medium/heavy usage .
posted my question too quickly , i just found a way to do a bit the same , when the keyboard is out , a press on back will hide it , this is handy when filling forms with numerous entries , to make the keyboard pop out again simply click in a text field . . . this is enough so far , and a long press on the menu will bring out the search window .
according to this question/answer , the . asec files are actually dm-crypt containers which can be mounted , and contain the unencrypted . apk . the keys are stored in /data/misc/systemkeys/AppsOnSD.sks . the mounting process depends on the tools available , but it can be as simple as running ( on linux ) to mount and umount /your/mountpoint &amp;&amp; cryptsetup close asecmount &amp;&amp; losetup -d /dev/loop0 . you can also access the contents of the . asec file from /mnt/asec/[app-id]/ if you have it already mounted on your device .
they are stored in your music.db file - mine is /data/data/com.google.android.music/databases ; i am not sure if this is exactly the same across all devices but i would guess it probably is . they live in a combination of the LISTS and LISTITEMS tables , which are defined as such : interestingly , if you are using the new google music beta , playlists that you create do not seem to appear in other apps but they do have entries in the db . it looks like this is possibly because the MusicSourceAccount field is set to your google music account id ; other apps set it to 0 , and those appear across all apps that take data from the db .
i think this might be what you are looking for : meta widget : Create widgets from almost any website element websnap-web capture , web widget : take a snapshot of any web page or part of a page and display it on your Android home screen with a refresh interval of your choice feel free to search google play for related apps .
as geffchang has suggested , there are some widgets that can show a thumbnail/screenshot of the website , but it is not possible to have a fully working , interactive view like you get in a web browser . home screen widgets do not run like normal apps : instead , the widget provider tells the home screen app what layout the widget should have , from a set list of gui elements ( text , buttons , images , and c . ) . it is not possible to include a web browser view in that layout .
i use photowonder for this .
your region is determined by your ip address and your account . what you see in the store is determined by your ip 's location , but what you can actually purchase is determined by your google account . i bought a nexus 7 from the usa and primarily use it in singapore with a singapore google account and credit card . all of the prices are in sgd and i do not have access to things like books or movies . i am currently in japan and a lot of the play store text and app titles are in japanese , the prices are in yen and i can see movies and books . i have bought some apps , but i cannot download region restricted items e.g. books and some games ( even free ones ) .
google uses your ip address and visible wifi networks , as well as the information from the google account you used to determine your region .
there are a few apps that can do this for you , or at least some of these things . one i saw on lifehacker yesterday is agent . agent is a combination automation tool and personal assistant that will silence your phone during meetings , remember where you parked , auto-respond to texts and phone calls while you are driving , and more , all so you do not have to .
no option to do this exists . you will need to select each song individually . to make it easier you could arrange by album instead of song , because you likely have fewer albums than individual songs .
newton 's second law states that force = mass * acceleration . we can use this formula to solve for mass:: mass = force / acceleration . as such , we need a known force in order to take a measurement of acceleration to determine mass . hopping into the air is going to be a variable , instantaneous force . also , your legs are going to act like variable force springs to absorb your impact with the ground . all of these variables would really frustrate your attempt to get anything close to a valid mass reading . nasa has created device that uses the measurement of acceleration to determine mass for astronauts in space . the space linear acceleration mass measurement device ( slammd ) uses two springs to generate a known force on the subject and then reads the acceleration to determine mass . there is a nice video on youtube explaining how it works and providing a demonstration of the device in action .
go to recovery and create backup or use titanium back up to back up apps . one more way is to recompile rom zip with placing needed apk in installation folder . you can find more details on xda forums
as the factory-reset already correctly suggests , the description makes quite clear that such happened . a factory-reset " deletes " everything from your internal-storage -- that is , all the apps you have installed , all data , caches , etc . so nothing is left but what you have moved to sdcard/external storage . while there are possibilities to even recover deleted data ( usually via a nandroid backup or any other 1:1 copy of the entire file system and doing file carving ) , this is nothing easy and you must start the copy as soon as possible , before you do any other initialization ( which you already did ) . with every data change , chances to recover something get smaller . we have some questions/answers behind the data-recovery tag explaining this in more detail , see e.g. how can i recover a deleted file on android ? recover deleted content from userdata partition ? btw : with all other data on internal-storage , also the logs are gone for good -- which is a pity , as it would be very interesting to know what triggered an automatic factory-reset . the only thing coming to my mind is a remote-wipe , which might have been triggered either via your company ( if you are accessing their exchange server via active-sync , and thus accepted the corresponding device-administrator ) -- or the previous owner ( if any ) having set up some anti-theft app , and now pulled the trigger on you . . .
i would be extremely worried there ! the masterkey vulnerability exploit works in the handling of zipentry ( see below - bug 8219321 ) , which is buried deep in the rom itself , its used in the packagemanager layer as well . for such an application claiming " to patch " it , is misleading and false , because it is a user application and not at system level . the real cure to get around the vulnerability is to modify the source code in android in itself and rebuild the rom . the vulnerability exploits roms from donut ( 1.6 ) right up to jellybean ( 4.2 ) . in the faq of the app 's website - this made my hairs stand up : can i trust rekey with root access on my device ? did you see those seals up above ? they look pretty darn official and trustworthy . they have latin phrases and everything . i really do not know whether to laugh or cry ! dynamically patching the bytecode in the android 's java dalvikvm ( runtime engine to the uninitiated ) is unheard of . verdict : i would take those so-called " claims of a user-level app " patching in masterkey exploit , with a pinch of salt and not get fooled by it . source : masterkey exploit ( i ) - bug 8219321 masterkey exploit ( ii ) - bug 9695860 patches : bug : 8219321 - remove duplicate entries in zip . bug : 9695860 - unsigned zip entries .
it is possible that the method of rooting used by superoneclick has been blocked on the tipo dual . i have not seen the phone on any of the compatability lists for superoneclick . there are other methods you can use , and for the tipo dual i quickly found unlockroot and a guide on how to root from xda-developers . use at your own risk .
i had the same problem now i finally worked it out basically you need to go to widget on your phone and look for yahoo news . then drag yahoo news to your screen and the problem will be solved .
i can not say for sure , but there is probably a zero-width non-breaking space , or some other invisible or unprintable character , at the start of the label , causing it to sort ahead of normal characters .
i got a nexus s a couple of months ago . first thing i did was to root it an switch to cyanogenmod . since then , it is all been a nightmare , but i can not really tell if it would have been better if i sticked to the stock rom . thing it the phone will not make it till 9pm . the battery use shows " android os " generally taking over 50% of my battery , way more than what the display uses ( which in most phones is reasonably the main source of battery drainage ) . my veredict is negative . a nexus should be part of the most slick android saga out there . it get 's the cutting edge updates right from google and the community care about it as well . users should not be having to worry about battery issues and which are the workarounds for this . sadly , i have decided to sell this phone and go back to my beloved nexus one , which from my point of view , does deserve its place in the nexus breed .
i do not think it is unreasonable to charge a smartphone every night if you are actively using it throughout the day . some games/apps can be quite taxing on the cpu and actually generate some heat . that 3g radio you have probably has a long journey to the signal tower too . i find that if i use my phone just a as phone - with the odd text message /phone call i could probably last over 2 days , but that is no fun : ) if you are having issues be sure to check the battery usage in settings > about phone . if for some reason you are unable to charge it is possible to stretch out the battery life loads by turning off background data/brightness/switching to 2g etc .
20 hours is not at all shabby for an advanced smartphone . charging over night us just the habit you must get into . before coming to android i had a nokia n95 and i was lucky if that made it through the day !
google has released an app called google opinion rewards . with this , users can get a couple cents at a time , which allows them to " purchase " these books now .
no you cannot read them with out providing your credit card details . you have to provide them or use google wallet .
simply , no you cannot . a sad fact really , as many youngsters want to read through their phone and this limits many to do so .
looks like it depends on the book . from google play support : downloading free music , tv shows , and certain free books and magazines is still considered a transaction , even when the price of the item is $0.00 . if you do not have a credit card associated to your google wallet account or if you do not have not set up a google wallet account , you will be prompted to add a new payment method upon when downloading certain content from google play .
it seems that it used to be possible to register with a generated card number . you can get those for example here : http://www.darkcoding.net/credit-card-numbers/ see how to get google music without credit card for free music . unfortunately i am not able to register a generated card number any more . it seems that google started to perform additional checks of the numbers .
while i am not nearly as well up as you , i have not seen any replies and this might be of interest - if not to you then to others looking for info on prestigios . i have a prestigio pap 4500 duo which bricked itself spontaneously on new year 's eve , sleeping the sleep of death . it is under guarantee so all i was looking for was a possible reboot mechanism . i happened upon this menu which seems to offer lots more than you described . now i could not navigate the menu , but that may be because of a fault , but the menu is there to be accessed . thanks for your info and hope this adds a little , mjf ( click in the image for larger picture )
here are the locations you can try to back up : however , if you are trying to install ics a complete wipe is most definitely required . generally , re-partitioning the internal memory should wipe its contents . i would try manually re-flashing recovery , wiping the device completely ( system , data , cache , and dalvik cache ) and re-flashing the rom . if you do manage to salvage any app data , i would highly recommend not restoring it on the new rom , as that can lead to problems , especially if you are backing up to fat/ntfs drive ( linux file permissions are lost . )
you could try with on{x} a free app by microsoft before going for tasker ( paid ) where you could do it using the " file modified " context on the directory where the images are copied .
you can register for the upcoming android release at http://whoshere.net/android
sayhi seems to replicate whoshere . the plus side of it is that it has a map function so you are able to see how many users are currently online . the downside of the app is that it uses your exact gps location which might not go down with some users ( ie . using the app at home/office ) . also , there are point rewards that you get for completing your profile and using the app frequently . you can use these points to contacting users that have a hot status or use to send gifts - you have the option to buy points but if you use it enough then put that credit card away : )
here 's what i could find so far : match2blue for android enables you to meet new friends and find old ones anywhere , anytime . it takes location- and interest-based mobile social networking to the next level . search with match2blue for users who have identical or similar interests to yours singlesaroundme works to plot singles on a geographical map around you , where you can control the distance from 100 yards to 100 miles /km . you can define your search to display only the type of singles who interest you . you can view a user 's profile , photos and send various flirtatious winks and text messages , add them to your hot list and /or block list . it also features a uniquely fun “destination search” tool , which allows you to look for singles at specific locations of your choice – in bars , restaurants , resorts , distant cities , wherever , before leaving home . flirtmaps , the first geo-aware mobile dating apps to find dates ! you are either very smart or very lucky ! you’ve just found flirtmaps , the first geo-aware mobile dating app that lets you find your next date right in the neighborhood . . . or around the world ! skout for flirting , dating , friendship and love ! chat and browse photos for free ! use skout to flirt , play , party , find a date or new friends . at skout we take your safety and privacy very seriously . no one can figure out your exact whereabouts . i am here plus allows you to use sms text messaging to check the status and gps location of any person on your contact list , as long as they have " im here plus " installed as well . you may also choose to send others your current location via sms , whether with just your gps address or with an edited personalized location . nearley is popular facebook location application to list all facebook users located within your distance . if you root your android phone and enable wifi tethering , you could use your ipod touch tethered through the droid and still use whoshere i have not tested any of these out . if you can comment with which of these you prefer , that would be great ! thanks !
please , give more details . have you saw twitter and facebook messages in the friendstream before ? i have the same phone . did you try to take a look at the " menu-> settings-> show updates " in the friendstream application ? there are checkmarks for every stream-source .
i can give you one suggestion . based on the what you have posted and based on what i understand do the following thing . * . backup all your data through bluetooth and do a settings reset . (Settings --&gt; Privacy --&gt; Settings reset) . and try to connect to computer using your usb setup . if still no help do the next step * . do a factory reset . (Settings --&gt; Privacy --&gt; Factory data reset). if still no help then that might be hardware issue . go to any samsung customer service center . they might replace only the pins section .
i agree that this would be a great idea , but sadly was not implemented for security and carier locking 's sake . but do note that most phones have almost the same functionalty . samsung download mode with odin does pretty much what you want it to do ( flash an image directly to the flash device ) and it is very hard to break download mode . it is very much like on the computer : if the bios is still working you can boot from a cd and restore an image , here the bootloader is a sort of bios and if it works you can flash an image . if you flashed a custom non compatible bios on your computer you could just as well " brick " a pc . if you avoid touching the bootloader on an android device you will not brick it , and even then some devices have " usb jig"s that will force restore the bootloader back . why people are so much more reckless on their phones than on their pc is beyond me . i think the idea is good but there really is no need for this right now , beacuse in practice the restore options and real " hard brick " possibilities are almost identical to the pc world and noone is complaining about pcs . people just need to be more carefull .
the only reason you need to root phones in the first place is that the manufacturer has tried to prevent software choice on the phone platform . the pc design is pretty unique in that it has had a choice of software platform for so long that it is an ingrained feature , although with secure boot on windows 8 devices this is likely on the way out .
the root filesystem of a typical android device can not be mounted because there is no way to interface to it in order to mount it . the root filesytem is typically stored in flash chips soldered to the phone 's board . when the phone boots , it runs a boot loader ( also out of flash ) that does not provide any option to run user-supplied software . the flash is software locked from modification , and the boot loader provides no " unlock " option . the usb port is connected to the cpu , and there is no way to get the cpu to let you run code that mounts the root filesystem . code loaded by the boot loader will only give you limited access that does not include raw read/write to the flash device . thus it is necessary to find some way to break this security chain in order to modify the root filesystem . there are two reasons for this craziness . the primary reason is permit the sale of subsidized phones tied to a single carrier . the secondary reason is to make android devices more reliable because a user can not , either intentionally or through inadvertent malware triggering , corrupt the device to the point where it can not recover .
you can not mount them because there has to be some software to communicate between the phone and your computer . with the phone the full software stack needs to be involved as it needs to take into account what happens when you mount the device when it is running . also there are often multiple partitions on the phones , a raw mount would show up all the raw system files in the computer 's file manager which would be bad and things like windows would probably try and format the linux partitions as it can not understand them . on newer devices you can not even do a normal usb storage mount but you have to use mtp as they use internal storage which still needs to be accessible while mounted . technically it would be possible for them to make some kind of failsafe raw mount mode when it is plugged in while powered off ( or started with some button held down ) , but they have not , they do provide other methods of recovery instead . also the firmware generally needs to be installed somehow , there are scripts and so on that run to set up things . if you have totally bricked the phone then there is not much you can do . but having said that flashing modern android phones is not too risky and actually bricking it is hard . firstly there are actually several images that can be flashed : boot loader ( hboot ) radio firmware recovery firmware rom firmware older devices did have some issue when flashing radio/boot . specifically if you flashed them in the incorrect order and had mismatched versions you could actually brick the phone . but i believe that is mostly a problem with first/second generation android phones , i have not seen it being an issue on newer phones ( also you probably should not flash a radio of a different region as you might lose special features , like the ' hd voice ' for australians ) . now days , in order to actually brick your device you would have to be totally unable to enter hboot , recovery and the main rom . if you can enter any of those it should be possible to flash firmware from them ( although in some cases they might have security enabled meaning you are limited to flash the official stock images , but you can generally break out of them and flash whatever you want ) . hboot allows for fastboot flashing . recovery and the main rom both have the flashing binary in them . finally if you did totally manage to brick it , you can look at using jtag to reverse it . that probably does require soldering a cable onto the phones mobo though as well as a ( cheap ) cable . and some knowhow .
you can do it according to this post on xda : make a file called 99applock . txt insert code below and put you messaging service in where it says ppid ( that usually can be found in data/data if your using aftermakrket sms app ) remove the . txt extension and put file in ect/init . d and just give it 777 permissions , it works for me .  #!/system/bin/sh sleep 60 PPID=$(pidof com.your.app) echo "-17" &gt; /proc/$PPID/oom_adj renice -18 $PPID 
i have a lg g pad and had the same problem . all i needed to do was type the correct wifi password again and the save button was became enabled , allowing me to set my manual proxy settings for adblock plus .
i also had the same issue but not long after i figured the proxy number given was a mirror image i mean the number was not actually typed but instead you had to type the given number in the box . and change the proxy host to localhost but after this you will have an issue with chrome connecting to the proxy server . the solution for me to this was i went to settings in chrome and went to advanced , bandwidth and management and selected reduce data usage and enable it .
its not about adblock i guess . its is just that you have to give proxy server ip instead of hostname ( it looks something like 10 . x.x. x ) . it will enable save button . so you put that ip in proxy hostname and save button will be enabled . ( it worked for me in my android )
i just did it , according to adp instructions . tap on app , which should have an error message about your proxy settings . when you find your network , hold it until modify network appears . show advanced options ( need tablet in vertical position to see this ) . look for proxy settings and set to manual . proxy settings should be localhost . set port to 2020 . on my page , i had to fill in every line , in order for the save button to appear . hit save .
on some devices , the save button will be grayed out until you re-type your wi-fi password .
you can go to messaging , go to settings by pressing the button next to home button , scroll down and disable preview messages . . . or even better disable notification .
i have been annoyed by this as well ! ! even after turning off as mentioned above i was still receiving the notification and preview of the msg my problem turned out to be an add on sms widget for evernote " sms to evernote " that gives you the option to send your sms to evernote . it is not obvious from the pop up that it is evernote there are two options in the " sms to evernote " settings " enable sms pop up " when you enable this you get further options to " hide sms in pop up " the " hide sms in pop up " option does not work you get the preview regardless it took me a while to work this out and i hope this saves someone else some time :- )
yes , you can do that using Settings-&gt;Lock screen settings and changing there widgets .
open the sms app and fire up the settings option from the menu button . in the notification settings sub-section there is a preview message option . if checked , that will show a preview of the message in the status bar and on the lock screen . uncheck it , and your problem should be solved .
mhl compatibility on a tv only means that it will supply sufficient power ( 500ma , 900ma , or 2000ma , depending on which version of the mhl spec it is compatible with ) through the hdmi port to power the adapter and charge the phone . an mhl adapter will work just fine with a non-mhl tv . you just need to supply your own power from a regular charger . this is what the female microusb port on the mhl-to-hdmi adapters is for . you plug the charger into that , plug the hdmi cable into the tv , and mhl cable into the phone and you are off to the races . not all phones support mhl however , the nexus 4 in the question supports slimport instead .
its called a micro usb to hdmi adapter .
take a look at the link i provided , this should rectify your problem . it will explain in great detail how to to wipe the battery stats in recovery , there are 6 methods shown . since your are rooted this will do the operation properly . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1821870 wipe the battery deletes the file " batterystats . bin " which is established among / data / system / . . . . this file contains all the information " vital " and essential for your battery such as charging the maximum and minimum voltage , the charging time and other info . . . this file after it was deleted by this procedure , will be recreated by the system properly .
you have to calibrate your battery . go to play store and install battery calibration from nèma . then follow in app instructions to calibrate your battery . . . . : )
i had a similar problem in that my tablets would connect/disconnect and my laptops would be just fine . so here was my solution . this may or may not help but worth a try . you do not say what the other phone is . different os or whatever . anyway log into the router and look at the wi-fi settings . first go to accessories , command prompt , type in ipconfig and look at your gateway ip and put that number in your browser address bar and do a cr> . ( i type in a different number than my gateway ip , maybe because i have mediacom as my ip provider ) now you will see a box that comes up and something that calls for a username and password . type in admin , password . either all caps or all lower case . if that does not work , just try the word " username " . if that does not work then you need to call your ip and have them reset because admin and password is the default . anyway if you get in , go to setup wireless settings . your channel should be on auto , and your security settings should be set to : wpa-psk [ tkip ] + wpa2-psk [ aes grant you i have an " older " router . there may be newer stuff out there . but since this is the only answer you got so far , it is worth a shot to try and see if it gets better . the other problem may be a short in the antenna which means cracking open the phone and soldering it , possibly blowing the warranty . actually , i do not think i would mess with that myself unless i figured i had nothing to lose and had tried all other options . i would also try using a buddie 's mi-fi or another cell as a hot spot and see if that works . if it is a no-go , it probably is the antenna .
ultimately i plugged the kindle into my macbook instead of my ubuntu machine , and it mounted it just fine . no idea what the issue is with my desktop - all other devices on the hub work fine , switching ports changed nothing , etc etc . if your device will not mount , try it with a different computer . for some reason .
it sounds like you are trying to do something a bit like dlna ? this is the set of technologies/protocols that allow you to play media on one device on another device on a home network . it is designed for connecting things like media servers , media players , tvs , etc all together to play across the home network . you might find the answers to the following questions useful : can i get dlna on my droid ? dlna enabled media player ?
you might consider plex . you would need to install the plex server on some machine and then install the plex player on your android . software is free . i have found that it generally works well over wireless . however , i have been playing from my win7 laptop over to my roku ( with plex installed ) . have not tried it on the phone . in theory , plex works at wan speeds too ; and they provide a login service you can use to find your plex server at home while on the road . oops . . . did not look at the date of the post . sorry .
external keyboard helper pro ( costs $2.50 ) has hebrew support .
first you need to have rsd lite installed . do a google search and look for either 4.9 or above . then you need to go to motorola 's site and install the drivers needed . find an sbf file that will work for you , likely it will need to be a 2.2 file . best thing to do is keep trying until you find one that works . boot your phone in bootloader mode ( volume up button ) and if you get a message about a low battery you will need to find a way to charge up the phone . go to the xda developers forum and search for mcgyver battery fix . ( you can also find sbf files there ) if rsd lite recognizes your phone flash the sbf file and let it do it is thing . more detailed instructions can be found on xda as well , but that is the jist of what you need to do .
@npinti i also faced same issue , now i recovered from that . i will give you the details how to recover from this situation . steps : it is a good thing you are able to run the Zip from the boot menu , first of all go to the link and download the official jordan cyanogen build ( zip file/ installation steps also given there ) . place the Zip file in memory card and boot your mobile . now go to boot menu--> recovery --> custom recovery --> update/install from zip . then select the Zip file and click on install/update . then it will do installation of the Zip file and give the result as completed , then click on Reboot System . that is it ! now you will be able to boot from new os of Cyanogen Mod , it is very nice to use . . if there is any problem you can contact the xda forum or reply here .
the clue lies with the comment above but i just tried ' adb reboot bootloader ' , and it worked . which shows that adb is indeed recognizing the usb connection , but not in fast-boot mode which is where this answer comes in . . . sounds like the udev rule for the fast-boot is absent ! do this : lsusb with the cable plugged in while the handset is in fast-boot mode . typical output should be one similar to this : bus 001 device 012: id 18d1:d00d google inc .  ^^^^ ^^^^  the numbers identifier 18d1:d00d corresponds to idvendor : idproduct respectively . make note of it , and check your udev rules found in /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android-rules . ( mileage will vary slightly with differing linux distributions ! ) if you do not have this file , then its recommended to create one using root , there may be a few rules that need to be added depending on the mode of the handset , i.e. normal , recovery and boot-loader modes . here 's an example of mine , that has differing values respectively when handset is in one of these modes . take this as a template and change the numbers as shown that matches up with idvendor and idproduct respectively to suit your make/model of handset . the user id is added to the androiddev group , which was created on previous occasion , in that way i do not have to sudo at all ! to create a group , using root groupadd androiddev , this creates a group , then to add your linux 's user id to that group . . . usermod -a -G androiddev your_user_id ; replace your_user_id with your own user id used for logging in ) . then when in fast-boot mode , the fastboot binary should work ( bonus ! without the necessitating for sudo either ! )
you should check rawvision : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.caketuzz.rawvision it will allow you to check your photos without converting to jpeg , but there is no way you will check pohtos without sending them to the tab first . now there are several means to have the photos on the tab , it mainly depends on the tab itself and its connectivity . usually , you will want to share the photos after checking them , rather than the other way . so that is what the app will allow you .
there are apps which allows you to connect to your pc and control it with your android device . these are generally referred as remote desktop applications . for android , there are many remote desktop apps , one that i have tried is called splashtop . i know logmein , which is quite famous among remote desktop softwares , also has android/ios version available . however these apps are usually not free . while these apps can do exactly what you want , it can also do much more than just viewing raw photos , basically it enables you to use your android device as your pc 's lcd monitor , so you can run any programs , open any files etc . therefore these apps tend not to be cheap .
instructions:- download aroma file manager latest version place it in the root of your sdcard ( preferred ) reboot into recovery 4 . for cwm : mount all partitions ( including sd-ext if you have it ) and flash aroma file manager from sdcard for stock recovery : in stock recovery , there is no option to mount partitions , so flash aroma file manager , click on menu option and go to settings  select mount all partitions  now , exit from aroma file manager and reflash it .   now , you will see each partition is mounted 5 . now , go to /data/system note : if you have sd-ext mod to increase internal storage , go to /sd-ext/system/ 6 . now , if you have to remove pattern lock , long press and delete gesture . key if you want to remove password , delete password . key if you want to remove gesture , delete gesture . key exit the aroma file manager reboot 
if you have not rooted your tablet just hard reset it .
i saw the cyanogenmod an KitKat tags on the question , so i suppose you own a rooted device with android 4.4 . in general there are good number of apps on the play store which are able to change the dns for mobile connections of pre android 4.4 devices and one ( which i wrote ) which changes the dns on android 4.4 devices . if you need the raw commands , here they are ( need root ) : my answer to a similar question is here and contains references to my app .
update : it was indeed rom toolbox , but the free version did not have those options . the pro version was the version that displayed and unlocked these features .
if you are running the htc sense ui , then it should already be disabled . otherwise check this blog post for a . zip you can flash to disable it .
bearing in mind i am using cyanogenmod6 + google apps your mileage may vary - but i can access my my maps as follows : open google maps ( the application , not the full site ) click menu select layers select more layers select my maps and your maps should be displayed job done [ edit ] looks like i would installed the wrong google apps package when i flash my rom last night , ( tiny instead of medium ) , and the updated version has the layers button up next to the search bar - so i do not need to open the menu ( step 2 ) anymore .
you can use the official ' google maps ' app to view your collections . if you click on the ' pin ' next to the search box to bring up the places screen , then press ' menu ' , you will see an option for ' my maps ' so you can access any of your previously created collections . google maps app -> pin button ( next to search box ) -> menu key -> ' my maps ' link to google maps just in case you do not have it installed ( alternatively , you can skip a couple of steps by opening google maps using the ' places ' shortcut , which takes you directly to the places screen , from where you can press the menu button , then select ' my maps' )
the force stop button is only applicable to apps which are currently actually running . in general , android apps will stay in an idle state on the assumption that you might want to switch back to them soon , but the os will kill apps you have not used for a while as it gets short on memory . some apps also have an actual " exit " option , of course . so , are you sure the app you are trying to force stop is actually running ? in your applications settings , there should be a " running " tab , which should show all of the apps currently running on your device . alternatively there are apps in the market that can show you what is currently going on on your device . i use " os monitor " but i am sure there are others .
you can use a different launcher , like adw launcher . free , and has that function . on the downside , it consumes a bit more of ram .
you should have an usb icon in the notification bar . if you expand the notification bar and click on the usb item you should be able to configure the connection mode you want .
i do not know if this is the reason for you , but i have seen the symptoms you describe caused by usb problems . there are two particular possible problems : the cable is loose , probably at the device end . then wiggling it slightly can cause a brief disconnection . you would not normally notice this , because it only lasts for a second , but it'll terminate an adb shell session , or if you are deploying an app onto the device when it happens , it'll interrupt the transfer . there is congestion on the usb bus . this can happen when several devices ( whether that is several android devices , or one android device and something else such as a usb stick or webcam ) are connected to the same hub . adb is not very resilient to bus congestion , so it can disconnect while you are doing a high-bandwidth operation , such as taking a screenshot or running an adb shell command with lots of output . sometimes this can cause a brief disconnection , but sometimes the protocol gets into a bad state , and you can only recover by physically unplugging the device and plugging it back in again . in either case , you can tell that this is happening because , even if the disconnection is momentary , the device shows the usb debugging notification again as if it had been fully unplugged .
the droid2 has a protected bootloader , meaning custom roms can not be loaded unless it is cracked . ( it has not been cracked yet ) . that said , you can root the phone and you might be able to replace the contacts app with another one . the problem is that the contacts . apk file is more than just contacts -- it is also the dialer . kind of an important file . replacing should be ok though as long as you back up the original and can restore it , but do not expect the replacement to work . googling "2.2 contacts . apk " should give you a few different versions of the app that you can download and test out . note you probably need to deodex your phone before you can replace a system app . to actually replace it , use an app like root explorer to browse to /system/app , mount that folder as r/w , rename contacts . apk to contacts . backup or something , and copy in the new contacts . apk .
the droid2 has a protected bootloader , meaning custom roms can not be loaded unless it is cracked . ( it has not been cracked yet ) . this is only partially true . the droid 2 does have a locked bootloader but that does not stop you from loading a custom rom . look here for several custom roms available for the droid 2 . the fission rom is vanilla android and they also have a fusion rom that adds back some of the motorola apps .
since the issue started when you first flashed cm11 m6 , and you have stated that you have performed a wipe and re-install of cm11 m6 , have you tried wiping and reverting back to an older version of cm from before you started having issues ?
i am not exactly sure what you mean by ' marked as spam ' since i can not see this option in either the facebook app or the facebook messenger app . i am assuming you mean you turned off notifications for her messages since you mention you want to get them back . i will explain how to turn them back on . facebook messenger open up the conversation with person press the ' i ' in the circle in the top right click on Notications and set to ' on ' . facebook app go to your messages and open up the conversation with the person . click on the gear icon in the top right in the Settings tab make sure ' alerts on ' is selected .
try auto memory manager and set your minfree values on the secondary server lower so it has lower chances killing off services . you can also increase the oom priority of the service to 0 ( lower values means less chance of being killed ) , also part of app .
the only solution i have found and seems to be working with more than one services , is to make sure that i leave open in the task manager the applications i do not want to be closed down . this is not a bulletproof approach , but it works for hours or even days ( at least in my case ) and it is much faster than manually changing oom priority ( only to find out that oom changes back after a while by the system itself ) . ideal solution would be an application that monitors oom of services specified by the user and making sure it is kept at certain levels , but i have not found any that can do that until now .
make sure you are using the latest samsung drivers . uninstall all previous samsung drivers , and try to use a lower windows version like w7 . w8.1 is still full of weirdness , especially when mixing 32bit and 64bit software .
would not you have to chmod rwx-rx-rx ? ( ie : 755 , execute permissions for all users ) so that android can actually run the dspmanager apk/app ? or is this not the case on android ?
post #8 on this forum has a flashable dspmanager zip file that apparently the user reports worked with paranoid . if anything , you should also look into flashing beats audio which will give you just as good ( if not better ) equalizer settings .
under the Account Sync action in llama , you can Enable Account Sync then Request Update . it is possible that the play store will update when this is called , but i have not tried it so could not tell you for sure . worth a shot though .
" to turn on automatic updating ? " i highly doubt there is an intent for this - that is a user setting and android does not generally allow apps to change user settings . i think the best solution is to , first , manually turn on the auto-updates feature of the play store , and set it to wifi only , and second , launch the play store when you connect to the desired hotspot . just launching it will typically cause it to perform any pending updates . i am not sure how you specify this in tasker or llama , but you can launch the play store by sending an intent that requests that a play store url be launched ( e . g . the url of a play store app or publisher ) , e.g. new intent ( intent . action_view , uri . parse ( " http://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id= "+appname ) ) more info about that is here . finally , you should go to the wifi settings and mark your home wifi network as metered . whoops . i have seen that setting in the api docs here but now i can not find a way for a user to set it . maybe that is only available for cell networks , or maybe that is coming in future versions of android ( the api was just added recently ) .
you dont need to connect via bt . you can do it via wifi . turn on tethering on the iphone . go to wifi settings and ensure the iphone is not connected to a wifi device . then go to your tab and open wifi connection settings . do a wifi search and it'll find the iphone . connect the tab wifi to the hotspot which is the iphone .
mywi for iphone will do it but may need to install wpa_supplicant . adhocfix on galaxy to accept adhoc network . i did this on my nook color and it works really well .
you could try updating to the latest play store . see androidpolice . doing this fixed the same issue for me when i updated my nexus 7 to android 4.3 . it was crashing like yours , i updated ( and cleared the cache and data ) and the play store started working again . you do not need to be rooted , you can simply install it . it is perfectly safe as it is signed by google .
if you are rooted and have clockworkmod recovery , you can try these steps : uninstall google play services . boot into recovery and select " wipe data " . then select " clear cache " . then select " advanced " and in the sub-menu select " wipe dalivk cache " . then go back and select reboot . now the play store will start working .
try to uninstall any play store updates , and then rerun the app ; if all goes well , it will re-update the app , and the force closing should stop . if it still force closes , and you do not have much data on your device , you can try to factory reset the phone . that usually makes my play store work fine ( although i do not have s5 ) .
rovio now offers rovio account for their games on ios and android . they describe it thus : rovio account lets you store your game progress and continue playing on another device . as of this writing , only the croods and the original angry birds use rovio accounts , but i expect the other games in their stable to follow along fairly quickly . this is not related to the just-announced google play games , which is a general platform for android .
there are a few other options out there such as swarm ( aka swarmconnect ) that have similar functionality ( leaderboards , achievements , etc . ) for android games . on android it often comes down to developer preference .
android as a platform does not have any equivalent to gamecenter currently . some android games use openfeint for leaderboards and achievements , but it is not an official standard of any kind and it is not implemented in the angry birds games specifically . other games choose to implement their own leaderboard systems ( pewpew does this , for example ) .
there are a number of factors that determine if a video will play on android : it has to be the correct codec - see this list it has to either be small enough to download entirely before playing or be encoded in a form that allows streaming . chances are the problem you are seeing is that the codec the videos are encoded in is not supported , so yes , re-encoding with ffmpeg or mencoder or something similar into one of the supported video codecs may well work . to enable streaming , if you first encode it as an mp4 file then pass it through something like mp4box it will tag it for streaming so yuo can play longer video clips on android .
i just saw this article today and thought it would be helpful here . it lists 8 of the best video players for android according to makeuseof.com. liori 's answer is also a good one .
you can find a video player that uses ffmpeg itself to play on android . examples were given in answers to this question : state of vlc for android / media player that plays avi files
in my case ( kde4 on a debian squeeze ) it worked easily after setting the device as msc . it was directly automounted by kde . to do this just go to : settings -> xperia -> connectivity -> usb connection mode as i have spanish language in my android i suppose the translation will be something like that . it also worked in the same computer on a windowsxp inside virtualbox .
for ubuntu you may need to edit the usb subsystem config files in order to recognize your device 's sd card . luckily this is super easy : ) i have also answered this question before , if you want to check that thread . your ubuntu system 's udev config should be edited as so : doublecheck that the vendor id for your neo is 054c using sudo lsusb ; you should see a line something like Bus 002 Device 010: ID 054c:0c02 SonyEricson using your favourite editor as root edit ( or create ) "/etc/udev/rules . d/51-android . rules” and add this line : SUBSYSTEM=="usb", SYSFS{idVendor}=="054c", MODE="0666" make sure the perms are right for the file you just edited : sudo chmod a+rx /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules restart the usb subsystem : sudo restart udev connect your phone and see if your sd card shows up now
you could always unmount your sd card ( if it is removable , like my htc magic allows for ) and plug it into an sd card reader . or you could root and run cyanogenmod - cm 's mass storage mode works great in my gnome2 install of ubuntu , do not see why kde would make it any different .
did you mount the drives from the phone ? once you are connected , you have to open the notification bar , tap on the " usb connected " notification and press the button to mount the drives . this should make them visible on your desktop . after you are done , unmount them from the desktop first , then unmount them from the phone , and then disconnect the cable .
i like disk usage to show simply where are the octets .
if your device is android 4.0+ and rooted , try " greenify " which i developed . you can safely hibernate any app you do not want it to run stealthily ( thus eat your memory , battery and slow down your device ) when you are not actively using it , while still keep it fully functional when you explictly run it , either from launcher or by sharing anything with it . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.oasisfeng.greenify
you can never " choose " per-se an app and dictate that the app will have that guaranteed amount of memory . sure , google maps consume space , but that is for the actual application , does not mean its hogging up memory , android is pretty smart when it comes to memory management . when you long press the home key , it shows the recent apps list , that does not mean they are all loaded at the same time . android keeps track of which activities was shown and if necessary load them again , and once the pressure of ram space hits a certain threshold , android will boot them out to make room for other apps . you cannot override android 's dictation of how and what application should be in ram , just by a user 's presumption that " this certain app should be there in memory and has guaranteed x amount of ram , because i want it to " android is not windows , where their task manager is available at all times via ctrl + alt + del and zap away processes to " free up memory " . . that mantra should be firmly repeated ad-nauseum ! : ) as ryan conrad 's statement in the comment , from the discussion arising out of the likes of ram boosters , task killers et al , this statement sums up exactly why the apps mentioned can have a negative effect on the battery , not to mention introducing instabilities into the system - it is cpu cycles that you should be more worried about than memory . word cpu cycles drains the battery regardless and as the commentator says free memory is wasted memory . let the os handle it . it is better at doing it . it knows what memory can be freed safely without causing additional strain and drain on the device simples really : )
you can try smart ram booster : most of android devices bundle with limited memory . android task manager will selectively kill low priority tasks in order to reserve memory to higher priority task . that’s not always run at an appropriate time , causing low responsive apps , lagging , especially when you launch a new app after heavily browsing web pages . it causes a worse experience . how ram booster works ram booster is designed to overcome these issues by selectively kill less important apps that are running in the background but consumes considerable device’s memory . ram booster comes with auto-boost in 4 levels : aggressive , strong , medium , gentle .
not for a specific person -- but still a shortcut , which simply opens the " compose new mail " screen : compose mail shortcut . there is also send mail shortcut which , from the name , sounds to exactly fit your purpose -- but as it helds no description at all , it is hard to tell . last but not least : mail linker even seems to fit right from its description . unfortunately , as already mentioned , there is no such thing provided by the android core system by default .
i do not believe there is anything built in to do that , but an app like mail widget will allow that .
from this discussion i found that speed dial application can do the trick .
from this xda discussion : create a script in /etc/init . d to do it . you will need to remount / to read+write first though . and solution : thanks for your help ! i am quite firm in shell-operations , i just did not think i could just put a script to /etc/init . d ! : ) i'v created a shell-script named 07sdcard and with the content : code : #!/system/bin/sh rootrw ln -s /mnt/external1 /sdcard-ext rootro works geat ! : )
i saw a professional in china unlocking htc handsets via jtag . a side effect with the unlock was the s-on . the simlock is stored in the radio nvram , is not changeable , but they did the unlock by flashing a patched hboot with s-on and that will report a different simlock status ( my unlocked phone still says simlock in fastboot mode - another proof of that is that the fastboot mode now contains a chinese url )
the sim lock stuff is in a separate rom chip that is not part of the normal phone storage , afaik . it is manufacturer/device dependent . definitely nothing to do with the baseband ( and you can certainly flash other basebands ) .
no , rooting your phone will not let you use it on other carriers . if you have a good standing account with tmobile , and i believe you have to have been a customer for like 9 months ( or something like that ) , you can call them and tell they you are going out of the country and want to be able to use an international sim card . they will give you the code you need to unlock your phone so you can use it on other carriers . you will not get 3g data speeds unless the carrier uses the same bands that tmobile does . for example , at and t does not use the same bands , so you will only get edge .
somewhat depends on what your work email server looks like , but i have a gmail account , two hotmail accounts , and an ms exchange account on my droid and there is an option within each accounts settings to turn on/off " email notifications " and to choose which ringtone is used for that notification . so , by that token , you could have your gmail emails sound off with the default notification and have your work email play any crazy sound you like . does that help or am i misunderstanding your question ?
not with the gmail app that comes with the phone , no . but , if you really wanted this , you could do it like so : create a new gmail account , like emailsfrommyfriendjohnsmith@gmail.com. setup the new gmail account in your android phone , and enable notifications . in the gmail web interface , set up a filter in your current gmail account that has all email from your friend forwarded to the new email address . ( you will still see these emails in your regular inbox . ) voila !
try powering down the device . turn it all the way off , not just reset . this will ensure power cycling the nic . when you power it off , make sure it is off for at least 30 seconds .
if you use a file manager , you can browse to /mnt/sdcard/android/data/com . google . android . music/cache/music and just delete everything you want from there .
as aleverett has stated , there is not a setting within the app to do this . though you could download the free app called app lock and set a password that way on whatever apps that you had like .
by looking at product specification page of penta is701c , it appears that this dongle is not officially supported . but on same page it says that tablet does support 2g / 3g dongle so i see no reason why it should not work .
in general there really does not seem to be a good way to keep up with updates that have not been released directly to you . i find the best way is simply to be involved in the " android ecosystem " &mdash ; reading android blogs and news sites , and so on . sometimes there are stock rom lists maintained on sites like xda , for example this one for the i9001 , and you can monitor those . for actually acquiring roms , see : where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ?
it means some models have the nfc chip , and some do not . from what i understand , at the moment , only the model released in south korea has the nfc chip . my model ( from the uk ) does not have it . though i have been following sgs2 news , i have not read anything about the possibility of retrofitting a chip later - either you have it or you do not .
easytether lite works for me . i have used it on an xp machine as well as a mac . i love that it is cross-platform . shares your phone internet connection with computer/laptop/notebook ( windows 7/vista/xp 64-bit/32-bit , mac os x 10.4/10.5/10.6 , ubuntu 10.4+ ) . easytether works via usb . does not need root access . there is also easytether full . full app allows https - access to secure sites such as facebook , gmail , online banking etc . full app allows you to tether ps3 , xbox 360 , wii via your pc - enable internet connection sharing on your computer for that .
pdanet : http://www.junefabrics.com/android/mac.php
is the app on the play store ? if yes , it should push out an update without user intervention provided the setting to ' auto-update apps ' is set , depending on preference of either wifi or using mobile data . see below :
the official sony page says it has flash preinstalled ( look on the " in business " tab , " fast and full internet " section ) . the xperia mini pro meets the specs for adobe air , so i see no reason to believe you could not download air as well .
if it is an mp3 file , then you can use mp3 cutter . it is free on the play store . if you need one for a different file format , let me know and i will find you a solution that supports that audio format .
you can use an app like wavepad audio editing app . it is said to have the ability to work with multiple audio files . if you do not mind adverts , there is a free version for this software as well .
yes , you will have to reflash rom to restore to purchase day settings . since you deleted those . apk files , a simple reset will not do the trick . imei is hard coded in phone , reflashing firmware will have no affect on that . however , i do not see how any of the apps you listed as deleted should have anything to do with fm radio reception . . . . maybe the samsungapps has the programming to make radio work ?
first you should try to use the settings item " reset phone " . you can find it at settings-> back up and reset -> factory data reset . but remember : if you do this all your data will be deleted so do a backup on your pc or cloud first . if this does not help try to find out your kernel and build and baseband . normally settings -> about phone . load your firmware from samfirmware and flash it with odin . there are several guides you can find ( one is at samfirmware too ) . maybe there is a solution without resetting or flashing , but i do not know any . hope it helps you .
exchange the phone for replacement . most likely defective wifi card in phone .
wifi not blue means net cannot connect with google server ! if u have rooted ur device just go to etc> hosts . bak using root explorer just add a '#' before the ip at the bottom line . hope this will resolve ur issue works 99% with evry1 ! or try that on the first line ip !
i use teamviewer and love it . before teamviewer i used several of the pocket vnc versions you can find for android . some of those version have grayscale options . the drawback is you will have to forward a port on your router to get vnc to go through . the other option you may look at is if the program or programs you are looking to control have a web api you can hit rather then the whole pc . below are some links for the other programs to control your pc via android . edit : thought about it a little more and remembered you can use logmein hamachi and vnc . set up the logmein hamachi client on the pc you want to connect to , then you can vnc into the virtual ip the hamachi client provides . this will enable you to use the advanced display setting in some of the vnc clients . hamachi android remotes more remotes some more
stock froyo ? no , not at the moment . custom rom ? take a look at xda forums , there are some roms currently in progress , but might be unstable on your phone .
froyo is released for the milestone go to this page to get it from motorola : http://www.motorola.com/staticfiles/support/gb-en/froyo/milestonenotification.htm
regular android messaging apps tend to disallow files other than image/video . i use tmail by phonelight available from google play store : tmail breaks the restrictions of all the messaging apps . it is the only app that allows the user to attach any kind of file to an mms message . you are now not limited to image , audio or video file . tmail has expanded the mms capability . you can use the trial version to test it . the unlimited version costs 0,81€ .
the bam kernel v15 beta will root your device . just flash it via odin and that is it ! ! there you will get everything what you need ! i own the same phone , and i feel it is safest way to root because some newbies flash some other packages which break their wi-fi or even cause the phone to boot loop .
your device seems to be quite easy to root . make sure you have samsung kies installed . download odin 1.8.3 go here and download the appropriate file for your firmware . to find out you firmware 's version , you can run dumpstate on the phone ( via adb shell or any terminal application ) . the fifth line of the output will contain the version identifier ( like Build: GINGERBREAD.XWKPG ) . start your phone in download mode . switch off your phone , and restart it while holding power + volume down + home enter download mode and plug your phone into your pc . start odin and put the firmware you just downloaded into the pda box . click start . your phone should reboot after a while . congratulations ! you are now rooted ! switch off your phone and reboot into recovery by holding volume up + home + power . wipe dalvik cache . reboot . source
you are going to need to install a sense-based rom . cyanogenmod is basically a customized build of the android open source project ( aosp ) code , which is released in source form by google . they use only open source components , and sense is a proprietary , closed source ui made by htc . installing a rom with sense is very easy , though . the procedure will be just like flashing cm - boot into recovery and flash a . zip file with the rom that you want ( alternatively , install via rom manager , whatever you prefer ) . there are custom sense roms as well as " stock " rooted roms floating around . the xda boards have a handful of each . you can find a rooted stock rom here , though , if you are looking to go back to the original system as provided by htc ( but retaining root ) . edit : i answered this under the assumption that you have no backups to work with , but if you used clockworkmod to create a backup of your system before installing cm7 ( which is highly advised for any future readers out there ! ) , you can restore that backup and . . . well , be back where you were on a stock rooted system . after all , that is the point of the backup !
the only work around for that problem is , to use this app -> cloudmagic ( https://cloudmagic.com ) solved my problem but it would be reate when google will fix this for the stock email app .
this is a member of the viber r and d team ! viber is compatible with cm7 . please be more specific in regards to the error message and scenario . if anyone has any questions/suggestions for viber , please feel free to let us know , and we will address them shortly . thanks , viber team
the gmail application speaks gmail 's own proprietary protocol back to the gmail server , whereas the email application speaks open protocols such as pop3 or imap , as well as supporting activesync . the email application also has somewhat better support for multiple accounts . if you are only using a single gmail account then it is better to use the gmail application , but if you are using multiple accounts , or non-gmail accounts , you will want to use email . personally , i use gmail for my gmail account ( which i only use for google-specific purposes ) and email for my imap .
the main difference that i can see is the type of accounts that are supported : the gmail app is limited to accounts from google : username@gmail.com read and respond to your conversations online and offline manage multiple accounts view and save attachments set up label notifications email app : username@your_domain.com the main feature is that it works with all email providers , but its a very basic app , you can send and receive emails , but no search capabilities present .
tap to open the folder , then long-press the text making up the name . that should change it to an editable field .
uninstall one of the duplicate apps
you will need to root your phone with unrevoked and remove the cdrom . iso file located in /system/etc/ that is the only way to prevent that . the neat upside is that once you have rooted , you can replace that cdrom . iso with any other iso you had like to auto-mount .
some tablets support usb hubs . source
typically yes , you can use a usb hub to connect multiple devices without any issues . whether or not these peripherals perform adequately may depend on the amount of power that they require , but that is common to un-powered usb hubs in any situation . google 's android support pages actually mention usb hubs . e.g. the nexus s support page on keyboards and other devices specifically states : to connect more than one usb device at a time , use a powered usb hub to reduce the drain on your phone’s battery .
the short answer is that managed items are items that can only be purchased once per user and that google play keeps track of their purchase , unmanaged items are not tracked by google play and they can be purchased multiple times . a fuller description is given in google 's in-app billing version 2 : managed per user account — items that can be purchased only once per user account on google play . when a user purchases an item that uses the " managed per user account " product type , google play permanently stores the transaction information for each item on a per-user basis . this enables you to later query google play to restore the state of the items a specific user has purchased . if a user attempts to purchase a managed item that has already been purchased , google play prevents the user from purchasing the item again and displays an " item already purchased " error . the " managed " product type is useful if you are selling items such as game levels or application features . these items are not transient and usually need to be restored whenever a user reinstalls your application , wipes the data on their device , or installs your application on a new device . unmanaged — items that do not have their transaction information stored on google play . this means that you cannot later query google play to retrieve transaction information for those items . for " unmanaged " purchases , you are responsible for managing the transaction information . also , google play does not attempt to prevent the user from purchasing an item multiple times if it uses the " unmanaged " product type . it is up to you to control how many times an unmanaged item can be purchased . the " unmanaged " product type is useful if you are selling consumable items , such as fuel or magic spells . these items are consumed within your application and are usually purchased multiple times . note that only version 2 of the in-app billing deals with both managed and unmanaged , version 3 only deals with the managed in-app product type .
when i go to my date and time settings , there is option that says : automatic - use network-provided values . so , basing on this wording ( also in other languages ) , i would say that automatic time is provided from your carrier . there are apps , that can sync your clock with gps satellites or ntp servers .
the solution is possibly covered in : set mp3 ringtone in nexus s . in summary , copy the downloaded file to /sdcard/media/audio/ringtones , and it'll be available as a ringtone upon next boot . if this does not help , another way could be as given here .
if you are using the sprint version of the s3 , see if sprint connections optimizer is turned on under settings > more settings > mobile networks . make sure it is turned off , as it can cause wi-fi to be a little funky sometimes .
you could separate your lecture audio from music using playlists from the native android music player or with doubletwist . another option might be cloudaround . you can use the player to sync music from various cloud storage providers but it also allows you to hide what you do not want to see or play from your app settings . you could hide all music files and use the player for dedicated lecture-listening .
deadbeef allows you to manage multiple playlists . the playlists are not those in a traditional sense ( where you load pls , cue , etc ) in that you select directories to populate the playlists . if you were to store you files on your phone in such a manner : /sdcard/music/lectures/ . . /sdcard/music/music/ . . you could then create two playlists , loading the respective directories . deadbeef will ask you to install a plugins pack on first launch . these plugins allows you to play mp3s , as well as flacs and cues . android market qr
id like to do exactly what your are saying . have my phone synced to my tablet using wifi or bluetooth and use the tablet as my handsfree interface for phone there is this app but its still in its easrly development phase although those that have used it say its not too bad and has plenty of promise https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.funkyandroid.phonelink cheers mark
it looks like the phone can no longer connect to the sd card . since this survives a reboot , it is most likely a hardware failure . if your phone is rooted , adb shell su dmesg should contain messages that confirm this . the “external storage” in a galaxy nexus is actually some non-removable flash storage . i do not think you can replace it ( but i could be wrong ) . it is possible that the filesystem is merely corrupted , in which case reformatting would work . you need to have a rooted device for that , and to install some additional tools from a linux distribution .
you can add any public calendar in your android device with out any app . how to add country holiday calendar on android phone
on my nexus 7 ( jellybean 4.2 ) , i went to settings then clicked on my google account ( eg somebody@gmail.com ) . under that option it showed the optional calenders i have on my pc version which i could then select . hope this helps .
can you see the calendar if you go to your calendar app and open menu -> more -> settings -> calendars ? check that it is enabled there . you could also try to remove/readd the calendar from the pc and then sync your phone again .
i had a similar problem to yours on my galaxy s . i have about 5 calendars set on google , but the calendar app of the phone only shows 3 of them to be displayed . on the vanilla android calendar there is a way to add more , but samsung removed this option from the menu . fortunatley i have found a not-too-sophisticated workaround for this . from market i have installed a calendar app called jorte . in jorte , you can choose to use the google calendars , and it has a similar setup screen where you can pick which calendars to display . that screen is verify similar to the stock calendar 's setup screen , but has one extra option : add calendar , which helps you to add your other google calendars . after this , you can even uninstall jorte , the calendars you have added will appear in the stock calendar app as well .
well , if its working before and has started giving you problem after the update i would say why do not you try uninstalling the updates . try heading over to the application manager> youtube application> uninstall the updates . see if that helps you out , it that still does not helps your then try clearing the cache and the data stored by the google play services application and then again try restarting the youtube application .
i am aware of an option in developers settings which limit the amount of background processes . is this option set to anything besides standard limit ? aside from an app killer application i can think of nothing else except crazy oom settings .
did you download wireless tether from the market or from http://code.google.com/p/android-wifi-tether/ ? if you are running android 2.1 you need to take the extra steps listed here : http://code.google.com/p/android-wifi-tether/wiki/setup_htc_desire_incredible if you are running 2.2 then in theory it should just work . i would first try the latest release candidate here : http://code.google.com/p/android-wifi-tether/downloads/detail ? name=wireless_tether_2_0_5-rc2 . apk and can=2 and q= let me know how it works out .
the file is not encrypted , unless your specify so when creating the backup . it is however compressed ( using deflate ) . you can find out the exact format by looking at android source ( com/android/server/backupmanagerservice . java ) code , and , technically , should be able to extract specific data from it . however , iirc , there are some file integrity checks in place , so it most probably will not work if you just delete a bunch of data from it . unfortunately the restore command does not seem to have an option to restore a particular app/package only or exclude a package .
i started working on this . i am posting my results so far here as a " community wiki " answer for two reasons : first , if someone else wants to join in , there is a place to talk ; second , if i get pulled away from this project , there will be hints for someone else to start working . &nbsp ; the backup logic on the host is entirely contained within https://github.com/android/platform_system_core/blob/master/adb/commandline.c, in the function named backup . the function is very simple : it validates the command line options , sends the command mostly as-is to the adb daemon on the phone , and writes the phone 's output to the file . there is not even error-checking : if , for example , you refuse the backup on the phone , adb just writes out an empty file . on the phone , the backup logic starts in service_to_fd() in https://github.com/android/platform_system_core/blob/master/adb/services.c. the function identifies that the command from the host is "backup" , and passes the unparsed command to backup_service() in https://github.com/android/platform_system_core/blob/master/adb/backup_service.c. that , in turn , is a thin wrapper around /system/bin/bu , which is a trivial shell script to launch com.android.commands.bu.Backup as then main-class of a new android app process . that calls ServiceManager.getService("backup") to get the backup service as an IBackupManager , and calls IBackupManager.fullBackup() , passing it the still-unused file descriptor ( very indirectly ) connected to the backup.ab file on the host . control passes to fullBackup() in com . android . server . backupmanagerservice , which pops up the gui asking the user to confirm/reject the backup . when the user do so , acknowledgeFullBackupOrRestore() ( same file ) is called . if the user approved the request , acknowledgeFullBackupOrRestore() figures out if the backup is encrypted , and passes a message to BackupHandler ( same file . ) BackupHandler then instantiates and kicks off a PerformFullBackupTask ( same file , line 2228 as of time of writing ) we finally start generating output there , in PerformFullBackupTask.run() , between line 2367 and line 2453 . first , run() writes a header , which consists of either 4 or 9 ascii lines : "ANDROID BACKUP" the backup format version : currently always "1" either "0" if the backup is uncompressed or "1" if it is the encryption method : currently either "none" or "AES-256" ( if encrypted ) , the " user password salt " encoded in hex , all caps ( if encrypted ) , the " master key checksum salt " encoded in hex , all caps ( if encrypted ) , the " number of pbkdf2 rounds used " as a decimal number ( if encrypted ) , the " iv of the user key " encoded in hex , all caps ( if encrypted ) , the " master iv + key blob , encrypted by the user key " encoded in hex , all caps the actual backup data follows , either as ( depending on compression and encryption ) tar , deflate(tar) , encrypt(tar) , or encrypt(deflate(tar)) . &nbsp ; todo : write up the code path that generates the tar output -- you can simply use tar as long as entries are in the proper order ( see below ) . tar archive format app data is stored under the app/ directory , starting with a _manifest file , the apk ( if requested ) in a/ , app files in f/ , databases in db/ and shared preferences in sp/ . if you requested external storage backup ( using the -shared option ) , there will also be a shared/ directory in the archive containing external storage files . encryption details an aes 256 key is derived from the backup encryption password using 10000 rounds of pbkdf2 with a randomly generated 512 bit salt . an aes 256 master key is randomly generated a master key ' checksum ' is generated by running the master key through 10000 rounds of pbkdf2 with a new randomly generated 512 bit salt . a random backup encryption iv is generated . the iv , master key , and checksum are concatenated and encrypted with the key derived in 1 . the resulting blob is saved in the header as a hex string . the actual backup data is encrypted with the master key and appended to end of the file . sample pack/unpack code implementation ( produces/uses ) tar archives : https://github.com/nelenkov/android-backup-extractor some more details here : http://nelenkov.blogspot.com/2012/06/unpacking-android-backups.html perl scripts for packing/unpacking and fixing broken archives : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?p=27840175#post27840175
great and detailed answer from nikolay elenkov . however i should added that somebody already develop a software that do just that and package it here : http://sourceforge.net/projects/adbextractor/ the package contains both java and perl tool . i myself prefer perl over java any day , so i extracted the perl codes , make sure they are executable , installed the required perl library , and run the backupdecrypt.pl against an adb backup file , and it convert it into a tar or gzipped tar file without any issue . i even formed a one liner in bash 3 that allow me to do adb backup directly to gzipped tar file : adb backup -f &gt;(backupdecrypt.pl -D -z - backup.tgz) -all  hope it helps .
cisco offers a rooted anyconnect vpn client , and it turns out they also have an ics anyconnect available in the play store as well . this should help !
have a play with surelock in the play store . it is pretty good at locking the home screen down .
by workspace you mean homescreen ? you could try a custom launcher , like apex or nova , which allow you to backup your homescreens .
you can backup app and data of the native twlauncher app using titanium backup . see , e.g. , discussions here and here .
there is hope . i coded a proof-of-concept app that does exactly this ( and using it as my everyday keyboard ) . starting from cupcake , the system has a InputMethodService that allows to override keypresses on the fly . this allows applications to change keycodes on the fly without requiring root . the source-code is available here ( for the most curious only )
with desktop os 's keyboard layouts are held in the software of the os , and i can not imagine android is much different . since the only devices that are designed for android and that have a physical keyboard ( that i can think of ) are phones i doubt there is even an option in the android stack to change the keyboard layout since you obviously can not just pull the keyboard off your droid and swap it with another one . there might be some way of intercepting the input from the keyboard before it hits your device and remapping the data , but it would require a specialized app ( if the option does in fact exist in the android stack ) or for you to plug something in between your keyboard and tablet .
if you are rooted , you may be able to modify the keyboard layout files defined here : http://source.android.com/porting/keymaps_keyboard_input.html warning : i have not tried this myself , so i do not know if it will work . modifying system files may brick your android .
you will have to copy and paste . i do not know why the long click does not work , but i assume because the url does not start with " http " . i have found the easiest way to create bookmarklets is to do it on the pc and then import the bookmarks , or by copying the text of the js url to a text file , emailing or dropboxing it to my phone and then copying and pasting the text into a bookmark .
installing wifi keyboard as suggested by gathrawn made input much easier .
there are only two of them . simplecinema ( by developerrevolution ) : it works with both quicktime-variant chapters and nero-variant chapters . the former is more popular . it is a small player that just does one thing . lvoe media : if you are not sign language user , you probably will find its sign-language-optimized interface a bit weird , but i have tested that it can do quicktime variant chapters , nero-variant i did not test against this player . chapters in video files is a good feature , unfortunately most people do not know it exists .
i basically do all my file transfers ( copy paste fashion like you mentioned ) using ftp client like filezilla on my pc and an app called software data cable for my android device . that way i can see all the contents of my phone like how they would appear when viewed through the file manager on the phone . hence this makes the destination for storing and accessing content much simpler . and the plus point is that you do not need any cables . an active internet connection is required tho . hope this helps .
brian - i had this problem too . the folders you can are the sd card 's folders . you just have to make sure your tablet is not plugged into the usb in order to also view the sd card 's folders on your tablet . otherwise your tablet will say that the sd card is empty .
first make sure usb debugging is turned off in your phone settings . also make sure you have all the latest drivers on your computer . when you do this your phone should show up in your windows " computer " folder ( or my computer in xp ) . you can tell if you have an sd card by going to applications--> settings and their should be an option labeled " sd card and phone storage " . if you click on this option it will bring you to a new menu where you can mount and unmount your sd card .
most android file managers and dialogs start you off in the sd card ; if for some reason yours is not , it is located at /sdcard . this is also the directory that is mounted when you hook up your phone to windows via usb . just to make sure here , you are not trying to access the pdfs while the phone is still mounted in windows ? you will not be able to , if that is the case . if you want to look around more on your phone to find out where the pdfs are , you need to use a file manager on your phone . most phones come with one preinstalled , simply called " files " in the app drawer . usually they open directly to the sd card directory ( which is /sdcard in the root file structure ) . if you do not have a file browser already installed , try es file explorer from the market , it is quite good and has boatloads of features . it also starts off browsing in the sdcard by default , and if you have root you can explore the entire file system , not just /sdcard . it also has a " search " function which may help you find your pdf files by filename .
install adobe reader from the market . once the app and it will autmatically scan your sd card and list all the files in the sd card . its a free app too mounting android to windows using usb
as long as you log in to the new device with the same google account that you use on the incredible you will have access to all the apps that you purchased / downloaded . you will not have to purchase them again . the android market is tied to your google account , not the device .
a system update will most likely un-root your phone , but if all you have is the tethering hack , i would recommend updating , re-rooting , and reinstalling the hack , after making sure the the hack is supported in the next version .
solution that worked for me : connect the phone to the charger switch it off ( 10 sec press power button ) as soon as the led light up and the phone screen is black , disconnect it from the charger the phone should remain off ( wait for 10 sec to be sure ) connect again the charger and then unplug it after 5 sec now try to boot the recovery ( power + volume up ) once you are in recovery : fix the permission to enable r/w on system . clean cache and dalvin cache if you need flash it again ( you can push file with adb ) now the phone boots perfectly ! i am using lewa mod for reference .
to update the ring tone directory , the media scanner has to run . usually restarting the phone will do this , but if media scanner is not checking that directory when the device starts you can try to create a file in the sdcard ringtone directory with an app that triggers media scanner . i think astro file manager will trigger it . if that does not work , you could try clearing the cache ( i assume root since you are using root explorer and deleting system ringtones ) , the system may be caching that information and thinks they are still there .
looking through the hyperdrive rom page for note 3 at xda , power menu toggle can be adjusted by the following steps . open the application Hyperdrive Tweaks included in the rom . in the app goto General Mods &gt; Extended Power Menu select the options you want for power menu toggles viz ( shut down / restart / recovery etc ) . however , i cannot find out where to disable the volume settings control from the power button , my assumption would be under audio mods of hyperdrive tweaks . reading further down in the thread , few have mentioned that enabling the power toggle in the hyperdrive tweaks app should override the current volume control toggle behaviour by power button ( long press ) .
is your samsung galaxy s3 from us cellular locked for us cellular only ? if yes , you will not be able to use a sim card from a different carrier with it . you will have to unlock the phone first so that it allows sim cards from other networks .
no . as reported and commented on by various users , there is no exfat support built in to android , so the nexus s will not read the disk .
i was able to use a samsung driver . go to device manager , find the android device , and select update driver software . select browse my computer for driver software select let me pick from a list of device drivers on my computer select adb interface from the list select samsung android adb interface ( this is a signed driver ) . if you get a warning , select yes to continue . done ! for good measure , i ran adb kill-server and adb start-server . then when i ran adb devices i finally saw a device listed so i fired up intellij and all is good in the world again !
with tasker you are able to achieve this . the tasks can be defined as e.g. wifi on and there are different trigers for those tasks . amoung many others , time can be a trigger .
i would recommend llama as you have wished for a free app . further more this is a location based profile . this can not only do what you have said but also do what you want based on your location .
phone schedule
you can use an external bluetooth or usb keyboard with the nexus 7 . for more information see the connect to keyboards , mice , and other devices section of the nexus 7 manual . mike elgan reports that the nexus 7 also works with an apple bluetooth keyboard .
i have just published an app for automatic photo upload to google drive with lots of convenient options . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mynextandroid.drivephotosync it is free so give it a try ! brs
i use sweet home ! free app to upload photo 's and video 's from my android devices over wifi at home to my nas google drive folder . ( this is fast 300mbit/s ) . then the google drive tool on my nas ( which has windows os ) uploads the pictures and videos to google drive to be able to share and have an extra cloud backup . google+ app comes in to easy watch and browse through the pictures . so i do not use the upload function in google+ , because i can not find an easy way to sync the photos localy after that and uploading right from the mobile device to internet is always slower than locally to the nas . florisz
use dropbox . its app has " camera upload " functionality . and you get free space for uploading photos .
i was seeking an answer for about 2 hours , finally i found the correct answer on google picasa sync with google+
there is a thread on google groups that covers this issue . by the answer provided by analikeslattes , this is being considered and possible prepared by google staff since 5/1/12: android instant upload to drive hi all , thanks for your input . we have heard many requests along these lines , and are definitely looking into potential solutions on our end . i will do my best to keep this forum updated once relevant features start to become available . in the meantime , please keep posting your requests about the drive android app ! we are always excited to hear from our users . cheers , ana as far as i can tell , this is not yet implemented and a year has passed . since both applications are from google and they alone can take the necessary steps to have this feature implemented properly , i would suggest to you and any interested person to visit the thread and leave the " feature-wish " there . app suggestion while it would be great to have a native solution for this problem , oliver salzburg commented on my post at google+ about this issue refering the app suggested bellow , that i have just now tested and is working beautifully sending all of my files to my desired destination on the google drive . foldersync lite foldersync is a application that enables simple sync to cloud based storage to and from local folders on the device memory card . it currently support multiple skydrive , dropbox , sugarsync , ubuntu one , box .net, livedrive , hidrive , google docs , netdocuments , amazon s3 , ftp , ftps , sftp , webdav or windows share ( samba/cifs ) accounts , and support for more platforms are planned . you do not need more than 5 minutes to complete the 3 basic steps : add your google drive account add a folderpair start the sync process
if i am understanding what you are saying , you synced all your iphone contacts to windows and have * . contact files in the contacts folder . so download samsung kies and you will be able to sync the contacts from pc to phone . alternatively , in windows export your contacts as a csv file and then import this into the gmail/google account you have linked to your phone . these contacts can then be synced from google to your phone .
if you are going to change your iphone or just want to take backup of your iphone contacts , here is a simple way to export your iphone contacts as csv file in windows 7 and you can open this csv file in excel . you just need your iphone and itunes running in windows7 . windows xp users here . export iphone contact as csv file or to excel download and install itunes , after installation run itunes . connect your iphone with computer using data cable . on the safe side backup your device first , right-click on your device and select “back up” ( in-case of any problem with iphone contacts you can restore your device later ) . when itunes finish the back up process , click on “info” tab click on “sync contacts with” check box , select “windows contacts” from drop down menu and click “apply” or “sync” button press “windows + r” keys form keyboard to open “run” window and type “wab” in “open” filed and hit ok click on tiny arrow and select “export” as shown below select “csv ( comma separated values ) ” option and click “export” button click on “browse” button , choose location to save iphone contacts as csv file select iphone contacts fields that you want to export and hit “finish” button you will see this message if iphone contacts exported as csv file successfully , hit “ok” button . now you can use this csv file to import iphone contacts in any other application or device or you can open this file in excel to view all iphone contacts .
easy solution solution that i found was dumber than expected : make sure the .contact files are in your C:/Users/username/contacts folder go to kies , on the top right corner make it " lite mode " . ( next to the x / close button ) click on the sync tab sync contacts with windows contacts . crazy eh ! ?
technically speaking there is no completely safe rooting of any devices , this is because rooting allows complete access to device files . so rooting no there is no really ' safe ' way . you can however root your phone and then just be careful with what you install and do on your phone . i honestly do not see much of a reason to root a phone , but if you want to then just be careful . also there had not been a release of saferoot and probably will not be for awhile due to android 4.4 kitkat still being a fairly new os .
i believe this is not specifically to do with your sd card . did you have songs in a play list ? i find my music is fine unless i add it to a play list , if i do tracks get deleted .
that sounds like a bad sd card . insist doing that over and over again , with sound files and movie files as well .
try b1 free archiver , or androzip™ file manager . if the file still does not open properly , it might be possible that the archive is corrupt . try opening the same archive on pc as well , just to be sure .
solid explorer should be able to open rar files . try opening the file on a pc , as it may be corrupted .
well , i just tried it on my own device ( nexus 4 , android 4.4.2 ) and indeed you are right : there is no restoring option when using a password or pin . it only shows up for me when using a pattern . there is still a method i just figured out . log in to your google account . go to https://www.google.com/android/devicemanager accept the device manager pop up and click on your device on " lock " . enter a new password . i just tried it and it works very well here : ) best regards ! visi0nary edit : i just figured out that you need to have " remote wipe and lock " enabled in android device manager on your device . i hope your gf has enabled that option . edit : this only works for the original ( admin ) account on a nexus 7 . device manager is not available for other accounts .
the problem may be that the android device in question has no google account registered to it . can you install apps to it from the google play web store ?
you might want to take a look at this answer or , even better , at android folder hierarchy , which most likely gives you the necessary details . using that information , your best approach to backup via adb might be : if is the device to back up , of the target ( i just placed the image file in the root of your sdcard , you might wish to adjust that ) . take care not to mix up the two , or you might destroy your system ! ( this is why dd sometimes is backronymed " data destroyer" ) . bs defines how much data to read/write in a single operation , my example uses 1 mb ; you might play with this and e.g. use "8m " to speed things up , but do not set this too high . above example just handles the /system partition . repeat it similarly for any of the other ones listed in the linked question which you want to have backed up .
this happened to me again . the process of unlocking was as follows : - call the android phone from a normal phone - pick up the phone - press the options button - click the button to add someone to the call - press the " go back " button it should return you to the home page . after that , setup pattern unlock . it only uses the touch-screen , so it works with a broken lock button .
the newest versions of fullhdmi work without root , but my understanding is that the performance is degraded on unrooted devices ( have not compared myself , so i do not know if that is accurate or how bad it is ) .
try to change the channel of your wireless router . maybe it was caused by the congestion of the working channel ( maybe channel 1 ) .
i ended up looking at cyanongenmod 's source code and figured out how they did it . here is my working . sh script : echo 'boot-recovery ' &gt; /cache/recovery/command echo '--update_package=/sdcard/update.zip' &gt;&gt; /cache/recovery/command reboot recovery 
compared to my first answer , there is another ( simpler ) solution that also worked for me : use the mylocalaccount app to create a local account . you can then easily sync your contacts with your pc using myphoneexplorer .
since ics , google stopped allowing you to store contacts locally . some manufacturers add this manually to their own rom 's . you now have to sync it to a type of account .
if you are rooted use titanium backup pro and freeze " google contact sync " . it'll be in red text but do not worry about that , freeze it anyway . now if you go to whatsapp , for example , and add a contact it'll give you a message about adding an account , click " keep local " . you are done , keeping the contact local will be the default option now . to reverse the process for whatever reason , just defrost the app from titanium backup pro .
you can use local calendar from the android foss repository http://f-droid.org/ i am using it without any problems on my phone .
one solution that worked for me is the following : host your own instance of owncloud , then sync your contacts via the carddav app . ( btw : if you want to sync your calendars as well , i suggest you use icalsync2 ) for another ( simpler ) solution see my second answer .
disable the google contacts sync app ( Settings -&gt; Apps -&gt; All -&gt; GoogleContactsSyncAdapter -> disable ) and reboot , then try adding a contact again . if this does not help and you have rooted your android then you can delete /system/app/GoogleContactsSyncAdapter.apk with a file browser ( but take a backup first ! ) . either way , next time you create a contact you should be informed that the contact will be stored locally . as far as i can tell this will not break anything else . however , if you also use another account with sync function like microsoft exchange ( for hotmail ) , you will have to remove that one too . ( in case of microsoft exchange , it is best to remove the entire account , because just disabling the app prevents you from receiving emails anyway . source
there may be a better work-around for this problem , but i just tried this : make sure you have all your contacts on a safe place outside your phone . create another ( than your current ) google-account , e.g. Locale.Phonebook@gmail.com . add it to your phone . make it the one that it used for new contacts by default . delete the account on google again . if you had not had any contacts in your normal google account you are done . just make sure that your syncing software uses the correct ( new ) account . if you had contacts in your normal account , you will have to transfer them from the normal google-account to the special new account somehow . i used the software my phone explorer ( mpe ) to do it , but it is tricky . first you need to set the folder/account used sync the contacts in the mpe-client on the phone to the one still containing the contacts . then sync . this will get the contacts over to the pc . on the pc copy all the contacts to clipboard . also make a backup with mpe . then delete all contacts on the pc ( select one , then press ctrl-a to select all , then delete ) . then sync . this will delete the contacts from the ( normal ) google-account . now change the folder/account used to sync the contacts in the mpe-client on the phone to the new one . also change the folder/account where new contacts go into ( to the new account ) . on the pc paste all contacts again into the application . then sync again . this will create the contacts in the new account . now your contacts are stored in a google-account ( which keeps your ics/jelly bean phone happy ) , but you are certain that the contacts cannot be accidentally synced with google ( which hopefully keeps you happy ) . why do they make us doing such things ? i think who wants to keep his data private should be able to do so without using tricks . is someone out there able to program a new content-provider for contacts using a local store ? btw : mpe is still able to store the contacts on the phone locally the way it worked before ics when you sync with your pc . however the problem is , that on the phone you cannot add a new contact to this local store , it is just not being displayed when your are asked where to store the new contact . pitfall : occasionally you will see a message , that there is a login-problem with the deleted account . instead of being angry about that , you can be happy because it shows you that you just have successfully prevented data-leakage from your phone to google ; - )
this is not possible without a third-party application . a quick search on google play shows several apps which should allow you to do what you want .
those of you who had tried ota ( over the air ) or used kies to update - and failed . my recommendation is flash your smartphone using software . i went to an authorised samsung dealer who flashed my phone - and did not have to backup either - and it took only 10 - 15 minutes , in total . flashing uses proprietary software .
not all models of galaxy s3 support update to 4.3 jelly bean at this moment . this update is model , carrier and location specific . you can google about it . having update through OTA is the best choice as you always shall receive legal update (stock firmware) through it . if OTA fails to receive the update you should understand that either your device model or carrier is not supporting the update legally . however , Samsung Kies also plays role as legal update booster which you are unable to receive through OTA . if you are unable to receive the update via Samsung Kies you can be sure that there is no legal update of stock firmware available for your device . if you are still eager to update your device to 4.3.2 jelly bean , flashing the ROM is the onliest choice . you can download the custom firmware of android 4.3.2 jelly bean either from http://live.samsung-updates.com/ or http://sammobile.com which is not location+carrier specific ( only location specific firmware is acceptable in this case ) and flash it through `odin . you shall do that at your own risk . you of course shall backup your device before you do that as you many encounter some incompatibility issues after you flash the custom firmware . for most of the android versions , you must have your device rooted in order to flash custom firmware . there are many operating system specific resources available on the net about how to root your device . you can learn more about ClockworkMod (CWM) recovery and TeamWin Recovery Project (TWRP) before you root your device . anyway , do not forget to install the root keeping app like Root Keeper and super user app like SuperSu after you root your device in order to manage your rooted android as well as keep OTA alive .
the linux user ids that android uses to isolate apps from each other are completely unrelated to user profiles on android 4.2 tablets . in android , each app gets its own directory for saving data . the linux user id system is used to make sure apps can not read each others ' data . but all these data directories are inside one directory on the filesystem , /data/user/0 . let 's say the first user is called abulurd , and he installs the app showr . it might be given user id 1004 , and the directory /data/user/0/com.shadowburst.showr . now , let 's say you create a new user profile for beatrice . she gets a fresh directory , /data/user/1 , which starts off empty . when she logs into the device , and installs showr , it does not download the app again ( because the android app installer knows the apk file is already on the device ) , but it does create a new user id 1007 ( for example ) , and a new directory /data/user/1/com.shadowburst.showr . android uses linux filesystem permissions , and the different linux user ids , not only to make sure that abulurd 's showr can not read the data of abulurd 's other apps , but also that abulurd 's showr can not read the data of beatrice 's showr . the two instances of showr run in different processes , with different user ids . if you are familiar with linux terminology , making a new user profile is similar to using chroot on the device to get an isolated part of the filesystem to run apps in . what i have described is the usual process , but just as apps can be written to share a data directory with other apps by the same developer ( signed with the same key ) , android gives apps the opportunity to say they work with multiple users . this way , an app can be written to have one process for all the user profiles , to let them share data or perform some special function . the lock screen has to work this way , for instance , because all user profiles share one lock screen app , which has to read all users ' lock-screen settings .
what happens when you add a new user account is that a new account ( or " user profile" ) is created . this has nothing at all to do with the user/group management on os-level . you will notice that most how-tos ( e . g . this one on howtogeek ) speak about accounts , as the term " user " would be rather misleading . i am not an android dev , so i cannot give you a deeper technical explanation . but as far as i know , the multi-user feature is realized on-top of the linux core ( i.e. . in java/dalvik ) . edit : dan posted his answer at the same time as i mine , so see there for the technical background : )
you can use apps like exif tag editor ( photo ) and pixelgarde to view/edit exif data of your images . both apps has the ability to batch-process the images . if you are looking for a way to automatically add information ( particularly the camera model as in your question ) , you cannot do anything rather than waiting for an update from your device manufacturer . this is because embedding that information is configured the the rom itself .
i have managed to solve my problem taking the following steps : install the clean master ( cleaner ) app : clean master is a free , top-rated all-in-one cleaner app for android™ devices . clean - cache files and residual files clear - search/call/text/etc history app management - move app data to the sd card and uninstall/backup apps kills tasks - smart memory booster clear the system cache ; restart the phone .
workaround : create a filter that applies a label ( e . g . zz_all ) to all emails you receive . also apply this filter to all pre-existing emails and you have a label you can sync .
it appears it is just not possible to sync messages without any label whatsoever , even in android 4 . *
create a new filter f.e. " all " and every mail what goes out or comes in get this lable . use it for every existing mail and here you go . change settings on your android device ! dirty variant . . .
app purchases are not bound to devices , but to the google account they have been purchased with . so as long as you use the same google account on the devices , there should be no limit afaik .
it is completely depends upon applications but in most of the cases it is not restricted on devices or mail account , as spb launcher etc track your registration so you can not use those app , but angry birds , etc you can use . . . . it is depends upon app to app
there is no limit . from google support : downloading previously purchased and downloaded apps when you download a paid or free app on google play , the app is connected to your google account , meaning that you get several benefits : if you get a new device , remove an app to free up space , or reset your device , you can reinstall the app without purchasing it again . if you have multiple devices , you can install the app on all of your devices without purchasing the app again . you can quickly find free or paid apps that you previously downloaded .
you can use tasker for this ( play store link ) . tasker can create macros that are run on certain triggers , such as connecting the phone to a charger . an example of the necessary programming can be found here . check the link for additional info , but here 's the necessary part :
it turned out that mount is not actually supplied by busybox , but by toolbox . with this knowledge , it was easy to track down the cause of the bug : unlike busybox , since i do not have another " toolbox " implementation with a correctly working mount command , it is likely that the behavior would've been easy to see from the code . in fact the problem is here at line 330 : it checks if type == NULL , but then outputs an USAGE that erroneously shows -t as optional compare with busybox at line 1930 : // Loop through filesystem types until mount succeeds
i think this is done by facebook 's photo sync , not viber . see facebook 's help page on how to disable photo syncing . how do i turn photo syncing off ? android open the facebook app and tap the top left main menu in your sidebar scroll to the bottom and select settings > app settings choose do not sync my photos
hold the Pwr &amp; Vol- 60 seconds . release , press and hold power button for up to 10 seconds . release . if this does not work , it is fairly easy to remove the back cover and detatch the battery .
the solution is to buy a galaxy tab . my nexus is dead . asus not even accepts it to make a diagnostic . the " global " warranty is not valid in brazil . by a better quality product from a company that respect their users .
if it only happens when the phone is plugged in , i seem to remember this referring to the fact that Android Debugging was activated , though i also thought this usually showed a pull-down notification as well . if it only happens when you are plugged into a computer , try un-selecting Android Debugging under settings , and see if it goes away .
you can try taking it to third-party repair shop . it might work better than samsung as they do not care if you voided your warranty or not .
most phones can not upgrade ( officially ) without a signed firmware package designed to upgrade from the existing version of android that is already on the phone . in those cases , you can not upgrade without rooting and/or unlocking your bootloader and/or flashing a custom recovery , which all void your warranty . some phones may not be as limited ; for example , the original software on the original galaxy s devices allowed unsigned updates to be flashed without needing to unlock the device . theoretically you could try to flash a firmware package from a different region ; it is hard to say how that would affect your warranty ( and besides , that is really off-topic here :p ) . you could also of course flash a custom rom with a newer version of android , which again will void your warranty just like rooting .
i use mixzing music player . i have set it as default player for music and when i click a mp3 file link in browser , it opens the file in mixzing by default and streaming works well . it plays the mp3 file in background when you press the back button . this is an alternate solution . i do not thing it is possible to play the mp3 links in background in android 's default music player .
i have run into the same issue . i usually long-press on the link and choose Save Link to save the mp3 file to my phone , then i just play it in my media app of choice .
with an installation of the official android sdk , virtual devices are available to you ( so you do not have to use bluestacks ) . you can simply install them via adb to your virtual android device and test them there . you can customize every aspect of the device , ranging from resolution , hardware buttons , modems , and software . if you are developing using eclipse , simply install the sdk and the plugins , and then press the " play " button , and eclipse will send the app directly to your phone . read more here : http://developer.android.com/sdk/installing/installing-adt.html
when there is any app installed through the play store ( through your gmail account ) the app gets listed under my apps> installed apps . so instead of downloading it again from your mail separately ( the apk file ) you can directly download the apps through the installed my apps in your device ( under options from the play store on your device ) . for this you just need to login with the same account you had logged in with the blue stack . in this way you could at the least save the trouble from sending the apk file to the email and then again downloading it on your device . else you simply download the adt to develop apps and later test it on you own device through the usb cable . for further questions regarding app development visit this site
nexus ones do not ship with ' s-off ' , they ship with a " locked " bootloader which then must be unlocked . you can actually use fastboot to unlock the bootloader , just run fastboot oem unlock on your pc using adb ( android device bridge ) . modaco has a post here with complete instructions and a multi-platform download of the needed tools .
the applypatch command is indeed used for ota patching . as an example , i have the update . zip provided for my vzw sch-i915 tablet . . . in my case , i do not want to allow this ota update to occur , so i wish to patch /system/build . prop to fool the device into thinking it has already been done . within the update . zip file , there is an ' updater-script ' file which details the patches . the one i sought was : apply_patch ( "/system/build . prop " , "-" , db0889f98b62e625283e5273bf35d790532b10bd , 5934 , 7a52fd5ec0d5afcbaf159c330374dfb0c5cbc159 , package_extract_file ( "patch/system/build . prop . p" ) ) ; i extracted the appropriate patch file to my sdcard . then , the syntax to perform this action on a secondary copy of build . prop i had made ( so i could check the output before copying into /system ) is altered thus : /system/bin/applypatch "/mnt/sdcard/build . prop " "-" " db0889f98b62e625283e5273bf35d790532b10bd " "5934" 7a52fd5ec0d5afcbaf159c330374dfb0c5cbc159:/mnt/sdcard/build . prop . p . . . which created the same build . prop file i would have ended up with had i allowed the ota to proceed . i hope this helps .
diff and patch are unix/linux commands used to easily check for differences , send updates to huge files by shipping only the differences , etc . ( see wikipedia ) . they are mostly used in development ( to update source code ) , but can also serve practical purposes in non-development environments . applypatch is one of those patch-tools on android , and used e.g. for minor updates ( ota and the like ) . so it is most likely not intended for the " normal end user " to deal with it directly .
there is no such method to know whether all apps would work in ics , i have seen some issues with hardware acceleration problem in old apps when running in ics , it depends on application build , if any authentic applications like browsers mozilla chrome would update their application depending on os which it has . no need to worry about applications which gets updated on time to time , still people are trying to fix all so should work on ics , . let us c
you can check the changelog and comments on the market for information , quite many apps have recently been updated to be ics compatible and there is usually a mention of this in the changelog . also , if the app is not compatible , there is usually a comment about this . in my experience , almost all of the apps i use are compatible with ics or have been updated . some may not have all the compatibility features such as the new menu style , but ics is backwards compatible with the old style too . edit : developers can also specify the parameter android:maxsdkversion in their androidmanifest . xml which restricts the application from running ( and afaik also from showing up in the market ) on newer platforms . i have not published any apps in the market so i am not sure if there are separate settings in there to restrict the apps from installing on higher version platforms . you can try to check the androidmanifest . xml of your apps by using android-apktool , but this requires you to know how to get the . apk files to your pc .
you could set up the android emulator with ics , install the market on it , and try it for yourself . unfortunately all the instructions i have seen for installing the market on the emulator are for older versions of android , so i am not sure if they had work on ics . here are a couple : http://blog.varunkumar.me/2010/11/how-to-install-android-market-in-google.html stackexchange-url edit : this link seems to indicate it might be possible , using an android ics vm instead of the official emulator : http://vmlite.com/index.php?option=com_kunenaitemid=158func=viewcatid=9id=8838limit=6limitstart=84#8951
this xda post describes how to change the key remapping . however , as the file ( s ) are in the /system folder , i believe one needs the device to be rooted . you need to edit the files english . us . kl and qwerty . kl found in /system/usr/keylayout folder . open each of the 2 files and replace : " key 115 volume_up " with " key 115 dpad_up " " key 114 volume_down " with " key 114 dpad_down " save the files and restart on my galaxy s2 , i only found the qwerty . kl file . have not touched it as i am not brave enough . :- ) do report back if this works and of course , make a complete backup of your device before you attempt this .
to my knowledge , there is no way to do this system-wide without heavily modifying the rom , or at least system files . especially if buttonremapper doesnt show your volume keys as programmable buttons , then it will not be easy . some apps will , however , let you customise their behaviour . for example , i know browsers such as dolphin and miren as well as google reader can change the volume button 's behaviour .
you had most definatly require root access for that . then flash a rom which supports volume key scrolling .
you can get pre-alpha builds of vlc that i have had little issue with playing just about any video format . as i said though , it is pre-alpha . i have tried many other apps , and most worked fairly well , but i also stream a lot of videos over my network after mounting shares to my device and none really worked with the mounted shares . vlc works fine with them .
i first used diceplayer trial to verify it worked properly , and the bought the full version , and 720p material works well on my galaxy tab 10.1 . give it a try : )
since i put icecream sandwitch ( ics ) in the adam the mx player definitely works best for me . it decodes most things i encoded with handbreak in h/w-mode -- the things it can not , i am not sure why . but even some 720p/h264 stuff i could not play before are now running smoothly .
it is a problem on your rom . i also had that issue , until the rom dev fixed the sdcard mount points . it is because your sdcard has two symlinks ( usually @ /mnt/sdcard and /storage or whatever ) so your phone thinks that you have 2 sdcards . you can solve this by excluding one of the mounts like i do on mxplayer before it was fixed . you should inform your rom dev about this issue so he can fix it .
apps can store data in both places , but the sd card has a fat filesystem which does not support file permissions . this means that a malicious app could erase or change app data very easily if the data was on the sd card . as well , you can swap sd cards or format your card , and then the app would have " forgotten " all its settings and lost all the other data . so it is a very good idea to put app data in the phone storage , where android can manage access to the data and protect it .
it is not something i would look to developers and blame them for . quite frankly , there are many cases in which our apps do not even work while living on the sd card . i have had situations where music and podcasts are stored on my sd card because the app in question puts them there , but if the card is out , does not register on boot , gets swapped , etc , and something does not work when it is time to use the app , users run straight to the market to bash the app developer when it is their own fault . developers often try to save users from themselves , because quite frankly we as users do stupid things , and sometimes that can be viewed as being lazy . when in reality , we are doing what makes sense because we can predict how things can break down .
android devices ' inherent behaviour is to opt for a wifi connection over mobile edge / 3g / 4g data . in order to force a device to use the mobile data connection instead of the wifi , just turn off the wifi . there are a number of apps like llama / locale / tasker that can automatically enable/disable your wifi connection depending on your location and other user-specified conditions .
you can use the autostarts app ( requires root ) to modify which apps can listen in to particular events . in your case , you had remove the media player apps from listening to the event ( s ) triggered by plugging in the audio cable .
i had some problems with music apps autostarting on my droid . see my answer here on how i handled it .
text to speech - voice to text is an app that can do so : just talk , it will type for you , an animation will speak for you and send message to your friends , it lets you convert text to voice using the text-to-speech engine on your smartphone .
one method i have found very useful for troubleshooting exchange activesync problems is to use the troubleshooting and connection logging functions built into the touchdown exchange client ( 30 day free trial app ) . it is helped me out with troubleshooting my exchange connection in the past . on the app 's initial connection attempts to your exchange/eas server it logs the entire communication , with an option to save the logs for future reference . once you have setup the connection there is a diagnostics menu option on the main screen that can be set to log everything that happens between your phone and the server , with the option to attach the log to a new mail , or copy to the clipboard for use in other apps .
is strange , i also go the same problem . but then , i used titanium backup to move the default launcher from a system app to user app . only after that , i am able to set other launcher as default .
i am having the same issue likewise on nexus 4 and on nexus 7 ( 2012 ) , with android 4.3 and persistent after updating to android 4.4 . as i do not have rooted devices , the only ' solution ' i have seen was deinstalling the nova launcher . nova launcher was the only alternative launcher i have had installed and with only the default launcher left , the dialog is gone . a pity , though , as nova enhances the user experience considerably .
it is still unclear what is causing this to happen and i have found only one other mention of the problem so far . in the end i simply disabled the stock launcher by freezing it using titanium backup and also disabled all other custom launchers . soon as only one launcher is available , the dialog goes away . more of a workaround then a solution , so if anyone has an idea how to continue debugging , then i am open to any suggestion .
you can also use anysoftkeyboard , which supports the ₹ symbol now . just long-tap the $ key .
google recently released Google Hindi ime ( input method editor , a techy name for keyboard ) which i now saw with my friend 's nexus 4 . it has the requested rupee symbol :
if you are ready to shell out a few bucks then you can buy swiftkey . it shows the rupee symbol over the key ' x ' . just make sure you set the language of your phone to " english ( india ) " otherwise you will not get the rupee symbol ( link ) . there is also a trial version of swiftkey available for one month .
you describe the options displayed with a word highlighted including " share " . behind this item hides an entire menu , the so-called " share menu " , where many apps plug themselves in as receivers for compatible content . a highlighted word might serve as such content for several things -- e.g. a web search ( so google search could pick it ) , send by mail/sms , or -- the interesting part here -- some dictionary/translator app . while i would suspect google search could cover that as well , i want to give you another interesting idea : colordict dictionary wikipedia is an app that can be used for online and offline " word lookup " in dictionaries , be it translation , synonyms , or definitions . the app supports a bunch of dictionaries for offline use , as well as several online dictionaries and , the name suggests it , wikipedia . if it integrates with the " share menu " ( which i guess it does ) , this would make the perfect candidate for you : colordict ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants )
dd is a block-based copy tool -- it does not care what data it covers . adb backup is rather file-based , which is something completely different . as you have tagged your question backup , you might follow that tag to its tag-wiki , which gives you some insight into available backup methods . you will quickly see the one coming closest to dd being nandroid , which copies entire partitions . though you cannot restrict it in the way you can with dd , you could still take its resulting files , copy them to your linux computer , and use dd to work on them . one tool not mentioned in this tag-wiki is dd itself . you could check with a terminal editor whether it is present on your device -- chances are good : i just checked with one of my extracted nandroid backups , and found dd as a symlink in /system/bin , being a symlink to /system/toolbox . if you cannot find it , but your device is rooted ( which i assume , as otherwise dd would not make much sense ) , you could look for a busybox which brings it along .
you could also check just that does much more than changing volume , plus it has an easy to use interface .
a free alternative to tasker and locale is automateit from muzikant .
i would suggest you try llama . why because its free and its awesome . it can not only handle ring volume but wifi , mobile data , run apps and many more . the best thing is it works with cell mesh , so you do not have to keep gps on .
i would recommend checking out locale , it is meant for this kind of automation . or tasker could work too , and it has a 7-day free trial on the manufacturer 's page .
if you have root enabled , you also could install afwall+ . it allows you to add custom iptables rules per app for each outbound connectivity .
assuming you have got android 4.0 or higher , you can do the following : go to settings&rarr ; data usage activate the limit by marking the checkbox , and moving the red and orange bars for " deactivation " and " warning " ( hint : you can set them imaginary high to not have any effect -- but they must be enabled ) now scroll the list below the graph and tap the apps you want to limit . at the end of their resp . pages , you will find another checkbox to limit their background data -- mark it . limiting data usage now those apps can no longer use mobile data without your consent : only actions you triggered yourself ( "foreground data" ) will be performed by them , no sync in the background or other background activity . ( almost ) independent of the android version used , but root available : you can use a firewall app such as e.g. droidwall - android firewall or its successor afwall+ ( android firewall ) to explicitly permit/forbid apps to use either mobile data or wifi or both . whitelists ( forbid all except . . . ) or blacklists ( permit all but . . . ) are possible . droidwall and afwall+ ( source : google play ; click images for larger variant ) else worth a try : noroot firewall . not sure if and how this works without root -- but it is free , so nothing to lose : ) noroot firewall ( source : google play ; click image to enlarge )
in communications with the coder who created terminal-ide , known only as spartacus rex , the terminal-ide community is fairly new and no one had yet created a community . so , i did . you can now find : a web site where there may one day be a wiki ( help needed - can you help set up a wiki ? ) . an email list to join to ask and answer questions . this list has a searchable archive . a new blog-site . and , at least one new contribution of code to help user 's out . it is called resolver . happy ? give it a thumb 's up !
if you go into /system/media/audio/ui , you can delete/rename LowBattery.ogg to remove the low battery sound . this will work as long as it is using the system low battery sound as an alert . i do not know anything about audio manager , or whether this is even possible , but it may be using its own sound , in which case this would not work . this requires : a rooted device a superuser enabled file browser/terminal emulator /system to be mounted in read/write mode
you have several options that have varying degrees of difficulty and effectiveness ( depending on what you are ultimately trying to do of course ) : develop your own custom rom that only includes only the apps and functions that you want . root the device , and then remove system apps that you do not want . for an unrooted device , you can download one of the numerous apps that hide and lock apps like ilock . i suppose this would be useful theoretically if you had a device that wanted to implement in a business where you were letting your customers or sales people use if for a very specific function and did not want them messing around with anything beyond that . i had a 4th option to share but i forgot it as i was typing the other three . i will update as soon as i remember it .
you can modify system image . pre-installed applications are located at /system/app/ folder . you can add new application to this folder or remove pre-existing applications from that folder . applications from this folder are not removable ( if device is not rooted ) . as a fast example for customizing android emulator : go to android sdk folder , . . . /platforms/android-9/images/ note system . img file , it will be modified ( you should back it up ) extract system . img using unyaffs customize files inside extracted folder pack new modified system using mkyaffs2image ( this tool is built when android source is built ) . replace old system . img with new customized system . img create emulator for android 2.3 , launch it and verify that your changes took effect . this mostly an overview of process , and customization of a real device is much trickier .
check to see if there is a . nomedia file in the folder . it could be what is causing the files to not display . a work around would be to install quickpic for the play store , it allows you to show hidden files on the device .
the first solution that springs to me is to install tasker ( it is paid app , and quite cheap , but it is worth every cent ) . setup task that copies the last picture that was created into your sms folder back to your dcim ( camera folder ) folder . there are probably other solutions as well . if you cannot get the hang of tasker , i will be more specific when i have more time .
with later updates to the system , it seems that the issue has resolved itself .
in this case , tethering means connecting the phone to the computer and using an application on the pc to update the firmware of the device . an example of this is updating with samsung kies or odin .
no , it would probably not work if you do not sleep alone unless the one you sleep with do not move at all in their sleep .
in short . it does not work . the movements you have when you sleep indicates " muscle paralyzation " , which is one of the factors that indicates your rem sleep cycle . however , this is one of the not-so-accurate ones . if you want real accuracy , you will need those that measure ecg with a headband ( zeo , for example ) . in addition , most apps in the market does not give an accurate reading of your movements due to interference and sensor sensitivities .
it seems i was running the 5.0 version of google maps . i tried to search for an update on the market , but i could not even find the app . the most surprising thing was that using the exact search strings , i was able to find it very easy in the browser . i downloaded the 5.2 apk , and i installed it from the sdcard . afterwards , everything worked .
you have not specified the android os version nor the gmail app version , but since the settings are pretty much straightforward , i will leave here an overview covering the basics for all available versions . summary three things might be happening : you are receiving notifications for each email that arrives ; you have the " notify once " active and are receiving notifications for the email that arrived , but also for a label you have setup to notify ; you are receiving notifications from the gmail app , and from another app where you have also configured the same account . below is a summary for the gmail app settings by version . try and adjust them to fit your needs . if you continue to experience the same issue , you are probably facing a bug and the best option is to report it . android 4.0 . x ( ice cream sandwich ) to change gmail settings , touch " menu " > " settings " from any gmail screen . under " account settings " , you will find : email notifications : when checked , you receive a notification when you have new email . ringtone : available when " email notifications " is selected . touch to change any of three settings : the ringtone and vibrate settings for notifications , and an option to notify only the first time you have new email since you last read your messages , rather than each time a new message arrives . official gmail app support page by google for this android version . android 3.0 . x ( honeycomb ) to change gmail settings , touch the menu button at the top-right of the application bar and touch settings . under " account settings " , you will find : email notifications when checked , you receive a notification when you have new email . notify once check to receive a notification from gmail only the first time you have new email since you last read your messages , rather than each time a new message arrives . official gmail app support page by google for this android version . android 2.3 . x ( gingerbread ) to access the gmail app 's account settings menu : open gmail . press menu . select more > settings > select account under " notification settings " , you will find : email notifications when checked , you will receive a notification when you have new email . labels to notify manage your notification preferences by label . you can only manage notification settings by label for labels that are synced . you can enable notifications for specific labels , each means additional notifications when emails arrive : when you enable sync for a particular label , you can also change your notification preferences so that you are notified when you receive new mail for that label . press menu and touch more > settings . select the gmail account whose settings you had like to modify . touch labels to notify . select a labels to change the notification preferences . you can modify the following settings : email notifications ringtone vibrate notify once only labels that have been set to sync will appear in the notifications menu . official gmail app support page by google for this android version .
what you probably want is your phone work as adhoc and as an ap at the same time i guess it is called bridging http://compnetworking.about.com/cs/wirelessproducts/f/apbridgingmode.htm i do not think that at first android phones support the adhoc mode at all yet . stackexchange-url the bridging is only possible for normal wifi routers not for android phones . routers also support wds http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wireless_distribution_system there is no such thing as wds for android phones yet afak . hope it clarifies the matter abit . thanks .
related : can we use an android phone as a wi-fi repeater ? the answer is basically no . it is theoretically possible , at least with some wi-fi chips , but the software needed is fairly involved . some android phones do support ad-hoc mode , but bridging is the problem as sergey indicates . i do not know of anything that is been ported to / written for android to do this , since it would probably involve altering proprietary drivers ( pretty hard without the source code ) .
thanks to t0mm13m 's comments : the keyword is nitz - that is where it comes from . certain roms fail to handle it , others do . if it fails , can always fallback on a ntp app like clocksync ( this requires root btw ) : )
buy a samsung s3 - it alarm app has a built in widget function that allows you to set a widget , and then assign the alarm you want to it . its a 2 block widget and you can toggle it on and off , plus it provides details about the alarm . perhaps you could see on xda if someone could pull the app for you and then you could try running it on ics . i am surprised there is not another app out there that is similar .
yes , it is . when you first boot the device , it asks for your google account . just select the option " i do not have a google account " and then the option that says you do not want to create one . note that you can not use some google services like play store which require a google account .
the problem could be your proximity sensor , which is located on top of the front of your phone . basically the way it works is if you are on a call and you put your phone to your ear , the screen will go out to avoid your ear messing with the touch screen . if you are under warranty , have it checked on your nearest service center . i had this problem once , told my service center that i think the proximity sensor is the problem , then they fixed it in under 30 minutes . check out this question and install the apps from the top answer and see for yourself : how do i test that proximity sensor on galaxy nexus works as expected
i do not know whether it will work for your device , but the xdas have a tool supposed to work with several lg devices at least . you can find it in here , and it looks like this : you might want to browse through the linked thread at xdas . as far as i remember , there were some people trying it on other devices , and had success . no guarantees , however : )
seems as if google is evil¹ and removed that option from jelly bean to enforce their drm schemes² . i found however a tool which restores it : automated framework kit ¹like we didn’t already know that . ²i have no idea what was the rationale behind it , but remember it’s the company which has a mail service that’s immensely popular despite not properly working with any major mail client .
some devices , like the motorola xoom , the sony ericsson xperia active and the galaxy nexus , have an air pressure sensor built into them that measures the barometric air pressure . i have the barometer hd app installed on my xoom which seems to give roughly the same reading as my suunto electronic barometer . support for a barometer pressure ( and other environmental ) sensor was added in android 2.3 to follow the trend of linking to the related developer resource , i believe this is a type_pressure sensor . see also this related stackoverflow question android devices with pressure sensor , and this gizmodo article for some of the possible uses for the barometer , which includes helping the device to calculate your altitude in gps apps . android engineer dan morrill made a post to google+ explaining why the galaxy nexus had a barometer internally : i have seen a lot of hay made about the barometer in galaxy nexus . here 's the skinny ; it is not really as dramatic or weird as people think . the primary purpose of the barometer is ( at least , i have been told ) to make gps lockons faster . locking on to a gps involves numerically solving a 4-dimensional set of linear equations -- 3 dimensions in space , and time . ( yes , you get accurate time for free if you lock on to gps . ) because of the way gps works , this can take a few minutes . this goes much faster if you already have an estimate of your location . this is why " agps " ( assisted gps ) services are so popular : by starting with a rough city-level coordinate fix through something like cell-tower network location , you can reduce the amount of math you have to do to lock on . this is where the barometer comes in . the 3 dimensions in space are latitude , longitude . . . and altitude . the barometer gives you a reasonable first-cut estimate for altitude . this gives you a bit of a leg up on one of the dimensions -- especially combined with "2d " agps -- which can help speed up lock-on in general . now of course , the barometer can also be used for things like , well , determining atmospheric pressure ( although i am not sure it is really weather grade . ) but the main reason it is in your phone is to help with gps .
it measures finger pressure on the touchscreen . source : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/view/motionevent.html#getpressure(int)
if you need to unlock the bootloader first ( i could not find that in the instructions ; you might check the script for the term oem unlock , usually done via fastboot ) , this includes a factory-reset , which would mean " all clean up delete " , i.e. all data and your self-installed apps would be gone . otherwise , if no bootloader-unlock is involved , the rooting process itself would usually not delete anything .
the kindle fire will function as it normally would , but you cannot use the video on demand service while you are rooted . the amazon appstore functions fine even if you are rooted . you can revert to the " original functionality " with the " unroot " button provided by superoneclick . nobody knows this but amazon . honeycomb was not open-sourced when the fire was being developed , and amazon forked the android open source code to create the kindle fire 's codebase . thus , the fire was built using the newest available source at the time of development - gingerbread . i rooted my kindle fire ~30 minutes after i got it , largely because i wanted access to the market but also to ease any development i do with it . everything works like normal except vod ( as noted above ) .
in order to save apps ' data you have two options : if your phone is rooted , use the famous app titanium backup ; if your phone is not rooted , use helium with a windows pc .
i finally found the solution . yes adb of beaglebone is rooted but there is not a su binary . so i was not able to execute this code within my app : process proc = runtime . getruntime ( ) . exec ( "su mount -t vfat -o rw /dev/block/sd* /storage/usb1" ) ; but i finally find a program to root beaglebone black and install a valid su binary . you can download it here : http://www.unlockroot.com/unlockroot.html but be careful ! it installs bunch of unwanted programs to your computer too . once you install the program , connect your beaglebone via usb . first you need to unroot beaglebone . so open the program , you downloaded , and click unroot . it will take a couple of minutes . then restart your beaglebone and click root from program . then restart your beaglebone again . and voila :d you have 100% rooted beaglebone with a valid su binary . you can mount and unmount usb storages and copy files within your application . but you should do it like that :
yeah , that happens to me with my galaxy ace . i had to download samsung kies . i just run kies and then works great as usb storage ( you do not need to use kies , only run it ) .
in case some one else comes across this . i did not completely figure out why 1 updated firmware tablet works and 1 non updated tablet does not with the same file path from sdcard0 . i did notice on the updated firmware tablet in storage i have folders emulated ( read only ) , sdcard0 ( read/write ) , and sdcard1 ( neither ) . what i understand these are android 4.2 multiuser folders . using the html file from either legacy/0 folders within the emulated folder turns out to work fine with chrome . both those folders are read and write . so that is my solution for now . side note , the emulated folder is not on the non updated firmware tablet .
it is caused by smart app protector . just open the smart app icon . then , go to settings and uncheck the observer .
it is caused by the app smart app protector that maybe you installed and activated an option called observer . just check the observer and watch who wanted to enter your apps . good luck .
this is a common outcome for many possible problems . if you can get in to clockworkmod ( or whatever custom recovery ) try reflashing cm9 . if that does not work try doing a factory reset from recovery ( clear data/factory reset ) and then reflashing cm9 . on the international sgs you always had to flash cm-roms twice ( on first flash it sets up the partitions and on the second flash it finaly flashes the rom ) . if you still can not boot , flash a stock rom with odin ( i think it is odin you use for flashing stock roms , since it is samsung device , if not use whatever is recomended on xda-developers under topic named something like " restoring a stock rom" ) , and check that it boots that . after that install root , recovery and cm as before . if you still can not get it to boot after that , let us know .
i am guessing here , because you are missing some crucial information in your question , but . . . the clock has been completely redesigned in android 4.4 . here 's a comparison i found on in a post on android police . you will not be able to change it on the stock clock . however , you can easily find yourself an alternate clock in the play store . ( here 's just two i found : jelly bean clock and clock jb . there are dozens of others . )
in theory no limit on recording . but as you say overheading is a big problem on summar days . i experience that camera did shutted down recording video because a software problem . when you recorded , everyframe have to processed by processor . and camera recording process is a stream between processor and camera chip . during this stream , if a bit of stream 's data changes , processor will handle an error in stream and will delete all recorded stream . this is a one scenario . scenario 's count can be increased . for example if processor heat up , and after heating up , on transistor level will one electricity jump 1001st transistor to 1002th transistor and this cause a processor error and this can be the limit of recording video . i hope i could explain .
plug your keyboard in , later go to Setting , select the language and input settings and under the Keyboards and Input Methods menu , your usb keyboard had been listed . select and change the language . if not listed , this means you have problem with your android . i could changed that way .
if you unlock your gsm smartphone , you can use it in the us without a data plan . i have a smartphone unlocked from at and t ( not android ) now on tmobile with data blocked , so even if a button gets hit accidentally , it will not go through . no extra charges . even if your company " detects " that you have a smartphone , they are not allowed to force you to buy a data plan unless you are getting a new phone from them .
yes . you will use it as a regular phone , but will be disconnected from the networks ( facebook , twitter , ims , sync , etc ) yes . you can access your calendar offline . and yes , you can sync when wi-fi is available . yes , you just disable data traffic .
while its physically possible to use a phone without a data plan i do not know a single carrier in the us that will allow a smart phone be activated on their network without a data plan . edit : just saw that you are not in the us so this may not apply to you .
according to whatsapp 's faq , you may need to refresh the list . you also will still see the deleted contact if there are past chats you have had with that contact . how do i delete a contact ? the contacts that you see in whatsapp come from your address book . there is no way to directly edit the select contact screen . to delete a contact from the whatsapp contact list , you will need to delete the contact from your phone 's address book . in order to find the whatsapp contact in your phone 's address book : find the contact in the select contact page . tap on the contact . then tap on the name at the top . on the contact info page , go to [ menu button ] > [ view in address book ] . from there you can find the option to delete the contact from your address book . then , refresh your whatsapp contact list by opening whatsapp > [ compose button ] > [ menu button ] > [ refresh ] if you still see the contact , it is likely that you are seeing the conversation on your chats screen . simply tap and hold on the contact and then select [ delete chat ] to delete a chat .
i had a similar issue with the in call volume . i restarted my phone in safe mode , and it fixed the issue . to restart the phone is safe mode , hold the power button to turn off phone . hold the power off option for a few seconds and reboot to safe mode . the problem should be fixed once you delete any apps that crash in safe mode . restart the phone and the volume should be much louder .
you can tune volume level for lots of things in your device with es task manager . go to Power Optimizer > Other ( in the bottom right corner ) > Volume . here you can tune the volume level for incoming calls , notifications , medias ( music and video ) , alarm , volume during a call and system sounds .
call volume can be adjusted by using the volume rocker buttons only during a call . if not in a call , it adjusts ringer volume and if a media is played , it adjusts media volume . so , if you had mistakenly increased media or ringer volume then you might not have any effect on call volume . try making some calls and when it is dialing , press volume up to raise volume level . i am just saying all this because you said you are new ( though this is a common feature for other phones as well ) to android . if you had already done this and still you can not hear properly , i am afraid there are no further solutions to improve the volume . however , there are work around like using hands-free or headphones .
you can also use an app like volume control + to adjust different types of volumes : media , ring , notifications , in-call , alarm , system .
you can install cyanogenmod or any number of custom roms , but it sounds like you will need to develop a specific rom for your situation . if you only want the user to run a single app , i would imagine you had have to develop an app that declares itself as a home screen/launcher , and have your rom only include that app as the main launcher . this is basically how barnes and noble made the nook simple touch . their own launcher is very limited and does not let you install apps or see anything that looks like android . as soon as you get root via an exploit , you can easily install your own launcher that gives you access to the standard android interface and turns the nook simple touch into a fully fledged ( if limited ) tablet . a specific implementation is outside the focus of this stackexchange site , but you can get programming advice at stackoverflow . com
the nexus 10 has a-gps , so it can speed up the time to the first fix , either via gsm ( if it has one ) or via network from an assistance server . see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/assisted_gps
the nexus 10 has agps and also a hardware gps built in .
yes , you can turn off " wi-fi and mobile network location " from settings , which disables a-gps features leaving you with plain , unassisted gps . you can read more from google nexus 10 help : manage location access
i believe nexus 10 has gps hardware which can provide location information without any aid from gsm or wi-fi sources - same as my nexus 7 wi-fi only model . i have used my nexus 7 on road ( without any data connection ) and used is gps capabilities . i am just wondering how a did you get this suspicion when the specification clearly says about availability of the gps ?
seems that facebook messenger has updated overnight , and i do not notice this issue anymore . sorry for jumping the gun !
so i have discovered that beyond pod will do this . it has an autoplaylist function that will allow you to build smart playlists . there is an option in the settings that will share this playlist with other apps ( basically it generates and m3u and updates it as it downloads podcasts ) . this works ok . i would love if there was an app that could generate a per-podcast playlist , but for the time being having a single playlist with all my podcasts is better than having to search for them within my entire music catalog .
open the photos app on android . the three dots in the upper right corner -> settigs auto backup -> under the third section backup settings choose back up all make sure that your connection settings permit you the backup - you must be using a wifi connection if under back up photos you have chosen wifi only and you must be charging if you have put at tick next to while charging only . the same procedure could be done through the google+ app instead of the photos app .
go to Settings/Accounts &amp; Sync/Google/ ( choose google account if necessary ) / google plus photos is probably already checked . un-check it and re-check it . this will force it to re-sync immediately . someone should develop a button to do all this automatically . i edit all my photos in google plus before posting on etsy.com. i force the sync so i can work continuously . htc one s running android 4.1.1
from the google+ app , select Settings -&gt; Instant Upload and press the Upload all item , it will just upload any photos that have not already been uploaded . as noted in the comments , you can also share individual photos in your album via google+ .
the fact that the " connected " message only appeared sometimes and that lsusb was unable to detect the nexus casted a doubt on the cable . i just tested with another cable and it works . my other cable seems to have a damaged connector .
take a backup of the same twitter client on your phone , with a known handle and email , and then search the resulting files ( or backup image ) for the know handle and email . then look in the same place on the original image/files .
i ended up contacting twitter support and they verified ownership of the account using a dm .
some launchers ( nova , launcherpro ) can create shortcut on home screen which can launch custom activity from any app . this may allow you to launch alarm settings directly . also you can create custom app to launch activity from another app .
go to settings> apps> all> google play store> clear cache and clear data settings> apps> all> downloads> clear cache and clear data settings> apps> all> download manager> clear cache and clear data if you are rooted i would suggest wiping cache and dalvik-cache from your recovery . also you could try installing the latest version of google play application using the apk .
i found the solution for the problem , as i had the same issue . the problem for me was when i recieved calls from people that are linked to twitter . when i removed the twitter-association from the contacts it worked fine .
i get the same thing but only with skype calls - sometimes it just keeps ringing indefinitely . it does not lock the phone though . it seems to be worse when my 3g connection is bad or there is some sort of delay . if it is only happening with certain contacts , try to identify what all those contacts have in common . for example , android tries to show contacts ' facebook statuses etc when they ring - maybe it is having trouble sync'ing some piece of info like that ? try turning off sync for certain contact types ( in settings , account and sync ) .
no . it is not just a question of adding something to the chooser ( the menu of apps ) : there needs to be an app on the other end to take the photo , log into flickr , and understand flickr 's api ( the programming interface that apps use ) in order to upload the photo . it also needs to handle possible failures , such as resuming or retrying the upload later if you lose internet connection . if you want a share option that shares to flickr , there are many flickr apps on google play that only do uploading , and do not have any functionality to browse or view photos . that way you can have the share option while still keeping your phone lean . alternatively , you can browse to the flickr website in your web browser and upload photos from there . it is not as convenient but it is the only way that does not involve any kind of special-purpose app .
depending on the version of cyanogenmod rom you have currently installed , this can be easy or impossible . if you already have cm7 , and simply want to try out the nightly builds , rom manager and rom manager premium unlock automate the entire process . with a single button tap , it can download the latest version of the rom , reboot to recovery , take a backup of the current system , flash the new version , and reboot back . if you are on an older version of cm ( 4/5/6 ) this cannot be done in one click , because of the drastic differences between the roms . a full wipe of the device will be required , which means all of your settings and downloaded apps will be deleted , and will need to be re-installed manually ( or in batch via titanium backup or appbrain . )
i also had similar problem on htc desire and i have made a blog post about its solution in here . basically you have to open " manage applications " , and clear cache of " market " and " download manager "
it does not appear that there is a native way to do this in ics . however , you could use the folders feature in ics to add multiple contacts to the home screen and group them into a single folder . not exactly what you are looking for , but this seems like it is the best native ( non-3rd party ) solution in ics .
if you have access to your router , you can clone its wireless mac address . i did it on mine with dd-wrt , and now i get the correct location . all i needed to do was to change part of the mac address . two things that can go wrong , though : 1 . your router may not enable you to do it ( and you may be unable to install dd-wrt on it ) 2 . the wi-fi network that is causing the wrong location is not from your router . other than that , its a quick fix .
tl ; dr version : just use the gps . long version : turn on wifi positioning ( "location and security > use wireless network" ) , turn on gps ( "location and security > use wireless network" ) , use google maps ( or other gps applications ) , then walk/drive around your city . when you turn on both of these services , before the gps acquires a " fix " , android will send the wifi 's mac/ssid and cell tower base stations cid/lac around you to google 's server and google 's server will send back your location information ; after the gps acquires a " fix " , your device will send the wifi mac/ssid , cell tower cid/lac , and your gps location to google 's server and google 's server will collect this information to refine their own wifi database . note : i believe the device could also be sending other data , like signal strength and possibly ping latency ; but i am not sure about the specifics of these . also from google 's support forum : by christopher ( google employee ) if your location is being incorrectly detected by a google maps or latitude using google 's cell id ( cell tower ) or wifi ( wireless network ) location database , you can help provide updated info to correct google 's database using google maps for mobile . at this time , you cannot provide individual updates to google 's location databases , though they are being updated and improved constantly over time . open google maps on an android 2.0+ , windows mobile , or symbian s60 phone and enable gps . while maps is simultaneously connected to a gps satellite and a cell tower or wifi router , you will be providing updated anonymous geographic data for the cell tower or wifi router to which you are connected . please note that this data is anonymous and may require a significant amount of data from you and other users before changes are made to google 's location database . android : you must enable settings > location and security > use wireless networks and have previously given consent for anonymous location data collection . you can check if you have given consent by un-checking and re-checking the ' use wireless networks ' setting .
why do not you just update the sid of your wifi ap ? i believe location will then be free from previous data .
apart from lie ryan 's great answer above , i think this wireless location bug form is quite suitable for correcting mislocated hotspots and as a result for submitting new ones . has anyone tried this ? : ) please use this form if a google product reported a very incorrect location ( e . g . wrong city , state , or country ) while your device was connected to a wifi or wireless network and using google 's wifi location database . you will need to use a computer on the same wireless network you were connected to when your location was incorrectly reported to submit this form . note : submitting this information may not immediately correct your specific router or access point 's location in google 's wifi location database but will be used to improve the overall quality of google 's products and services , including the wifi location database .
try turning the camera 180 degrees . clearly evernote is confused about where the top and bottom are . also , i have found when editing in the gallery then uploading to evernote , if i only rotated the picture the edits do not seem to take . it does work however if i rotate it , then crop it ( i do not really crop anything out , but just go through the motions ) and save it . on those photos , evernote recognizes the edits .
in case you want to append country code to your contacts or append +91 , here is best way to do and be sure of it done : open the csv , xls , or xlsx file as google spreadsheet edit > find and replace select the option Search using regular expression find ^91 will search all numbers in sheet beginning with 91 . in replace , put +91 similarly , do for all contacts of yours with other country codes
currently , the best app to achieve this ( and more ) completely automatically and for free is twitch ! contacts formatter . i used it and it worked perfectly . it also marks the contacts with invalid phone number for you to decide what to do with it .
i had used an app from the market to correct this as well . google contact formatter . not free unfortunately , but it did the trick just fine .
you can try syncing your phone contacts with gmail , preferably into a group . then use gmail 's web interface to export that group into a google csv format , use a text editor to replace " , 00xxx " with " , +xxx " ( and do any other editing while you are at it ) in the csv file , and reimport into gmail .
there is an android app called right number ( source available ) to do exactly what you want . it reformats all the numbers to a canonical form , and then automatically adds the local prefixes whenever you do a call . disclaimer : i know personally one of the authors of that app .
the build you flashed appears to have an associated xda thread . the first post of that thread ( by the rom 's creator ) contains this a little ways down : - flash this if your are having root issues - http://goo-inside.me/superuser/superuser-3.0.7-efghi-signed.zip i would start there , and see if it resolves the problem . you should just need to download the zip file and flash it from recovery ( i can not test this myself , unfortunately . i do not own an sgs ) . edit : this looks like it may be a common problem with that particular build . there are some posts toward the end of the thread where people are saying they can not get root to work either . another post has a flashable zip file attached that is apparently intended to fix the issue as well .
search " android device id " app in the google play market . download and install the most popular one . it'll show you several things including your phone 's imei no .
tap anywhere on the page and the menu reappears .
i do not know how to get it by the adb command . but you can get it programmably with the sdk . there is a class build which have many information of the current running phone , such as you wanted model number can be got by the build . model .
after ignoring the message for a while , i now see that there is an option to postpone the update :
i called at and t , and this is a mandatory update . other than rooting , there is no way to avoid the message . you can avoid the download by not going onto wifi . if you install the update , you need to re-enter wifi passwords every time you reconnect to a wifi network . horrible ! i am avoiding this thing even if have to keep hitting the home key when the message pops up .
very unlikely . that is the mediascanner 's responsibility . for faster access it scans all directories on given events ( e . g . sdcard mounted , boot_completed ) and stores the results in a database , where most players pick it up from . so you can either use a tool like e.g. sdrescan to trigger the mediaplayer ' s scan whenever you have manipulated files -- or find yourself a music player that does not use android 's media database but rather works e.g. folder based .
most likely the files in question are on the sdcard , try deleting any suspicious-looking files on there ( do not forget about hidden files beginning with a . )
32gb lexar microsdhc class 10 card . with sd tools benchmark i get 23.7 mb/s read and 9.1 mb/s write performance on cyanogenmod 7.1-rc1 . on stock 2.2 rom it had considerably lower values with read even less than write . the benchmark is run just after reboot to prevent caching mechanisms inflating the real values .
htc desire hd and htc inspire 4g supports sd cards up to 32gb capacity . but 64gb is not supported . i have checked it by myself . so you can buy 32gb card and be sure that it will work .
i have a 8gb class 10 microsdhc in my desire .
16gb microsdhc here with no problems .
the " hc " in every sd-card name simply means " high capacity " - i.e. every sd card with more than 8gb is a SDHC card . every " sdhc " card is sd-standart 2.0 ( "sd 2.0" ) . which means your device is compatible with a microSDHC card up to 32 gb .
in general , you can assume that " sd " refers to " sdhc " . it is the standard . if your phone supported sdxc , it would definitely be advertised .
the htc desire supports only microsd and microsdhc up to 32gb . sdxc is still relatively new and at present no handsets support it .
i also have a samsung galaxy s . if i open contacts and hit the " menu " button , one of the options i have is " import from sd card " ( also , " export to sd card" ) -- that should backup your contacts . i installed funambol sync to sync my contacts to my laptop -- that is another good option if you do not like google having your data . if you turn on usb debugging ( settings > applications > development ) you can connect your phone to your computer with a usb cable and copy the export file to your computer so you know you have got it backed up .
there is an application ( backup and restore ) that comes with android phones to back up all your contacts , messages , call logs , etc . use that and backup all your contacts . its going to place the file in sdcard . you can even store that in your computer . so later you can use the same file to import the contacts . i do not know why root come into picture . .
the samsung galaxy s comes with sim toolkit which allows you to move contacts from the sim to your google account . once done then your contacts are automatically backed up .
for a quick backup of your contacts to your sd card , you can use the export functionality of the contacts app . this is on a htc desire s ( running 2.3 ) - i would imagine that this is common functionality though : open the people application press the menu button select import/export choose export to sd card choose which account you want to export - in this case you are probably wanting the phone contacts , but you could choose sim instead . copy the created backup folder to your computer , the internet , etc .
did you try it over the build-in android &lt ; -> google account synchronization ? that keeps your contacts always synched up and moreover you have them available also online within gmail . from there you can even export them in different kind of formats as an additional backup if you like . more details , perhaps . . . : in contacts-> menu-> more-> contacts storage ( translated from my non-english-speaking phone . . . ) , you can select google . that will store any new contacts you add there , but as far as i know does not handle pre-existing contacts on your phone . what i did to sync up these old contacts was contacts-> menu-> import/export , and exported the contacts to a file on the sd card . i then used the gmail app on the phone to send this . vcf file to myself as an attachment ( menu in the gmail application to attach a file ) and used gmail from my pc to import the contact list from that message , merge any duplicates etc . etc .
if you are on jelly bean and rooted you can use an app i built to manage notifications for all applications from a single place . notifications off allows you to turn off notifications for all applications . it can also automatically disable notifications for new apps as soon as they are installed . the next version will have support for profiles , tasker integration and a widget for switching profiles .
to turn off notifications for google+ , open the google+ app , press menu-> settings-> notifications , then press the on/off toggle in the top right . to turn off notifications for gmail/google apps mail , open the gmail app , press menu-> settings , select the account you wish to disable notifications for , uncheck the checkbox that says : email notifications to turn off notifications for google talk , open the google talk app , press menu-> settings , select the account you wish to disable notifications for , press im notifications and select off , and the same for video chat notifications to turn off notifications for google voice , open the google voice app , press menu-> settings-> sync and notifications , and uncheck the boxes for text and voicemail notifications . note : this is based on android 4.0+ , some of these apps ( especially google talk ) may function differently on pre-ics .
actually , on jelly bean ( 4.1.1 ) , it is Gmail &gt; Settings &gt; **username@gmail.com** &gt; Notifications .
just upgraded to 4.3 and for me this setting was in the " hangouts " app .
launch the google play store app and hit menu then settings . . then go to google admob ads and uncheck .
delete the account and set it up again , before finishing unsync sms . . .
are you talking about this ? source .
ah , supersu you clever girl ! apparently greenify was updated and it was constantly asking for root access . the prompt woke up the tablet each time . boy do i feel silly now !
this answer applies to 4.4 ( kit kat ) and " calendar " version 201404xxx . although i am guessing it will apply to most other versions . when i click on the menu in the calendar app i have two options that may be relevant 1: " calendars to display " . i can choose from all the calendars connected to my various accounts including shared calendars and birthdays etc . . . 2: " settings " . i have the ability to add new accounts
clock is the standard application for alarms . in android , pretty much every feature is an application , and one application can be replaced by the other .
the cyanogenmod aftermarket firmware supports netfilter . you can follow the instructions from cyanogenmod 's full update guide for the sgh-959/samsung vibrant to install cm7/9/10 ( downloads for the vibrantmtd are here ) .
gaosp is your only option . it is in beta 3 , so it is a pretty sure bet .
here is my understanding as a developer : android 1.5-2.1: right-to-left support is built-in , but most roms do not contain the letters . this means that hebrew in most applications will show up as boxes ( but in the correct order ) . this does allow individual applications to include their own fonts and thereby display hebrew correctly . android 2.2: the default system fonts now include hebrew characters . right-to-left layout still works . ( although the rules for justification did change , annoyingly . ) based on some bug reports , google did not yet consider support for right-to-left languages to be final in this version . ( note the comments by google engineers , such as romain guy here : https://review.source.android.com/#change,15955 ) . android 2.3: the sdk has been released , but no updates for actual devices . the sdk does include a hebrew locale for the first time (http://developer.android.com/sdk/android-2.3.html#locs). also note that locale support ultimately depends on the vendor of the actual device ( either the carrier or handset manufacturer ) . they may choose to remove locales they deem unimportant to save space , or they may choose to add some that they deem important for their targeted market .
froyo/android 2.2 added support for displaying text in hebrew and arabic ( among other languages ) , including the needed fonts . unfortunately , previous versions do not have hebrew support in the stock source , though i would not be surprised if a device maker added support to their device on an ad-hoc basis .
some of the below is speculation , or given to me by sources i can not cite so take it as is . some ( many ) of the oems ( manufacturers ) like lg and samsung embed their propitiatory widgets within their own launcher . this ( allegedly ) is down to them not wanting you to emulate their own look and feel in someone else 's launcher . samsung , beside android , have their tizen operating system . it is almost identical to their touchwiz overlay on android . so if a user has a samsung , they can use this device without porting over any knowledge , to all intents and purposes they do not know what os it is running as the interface is consistent . keeping touchwiz and those things their own , and unique is a way of retaining their customer base and keeping the ui the same across a range of devices makes it an easier decision to ' get the lg ' or whatever to keep what you are used to . the galaxy gear 2 smart watch actually runs tizen , not android as a real world example . it is a business decision , not one i am a fan of as i believe in customisation and options . any ui ( ala touchwiz ) that deprives me of choice is one i quickly abandon . it is worth pointing out that there are thousands of widgets on the play store , many of which bear an uncanny similarity to those of the oems . last point i will add , htc are currently rolling blinkfeed ( their launcher/news stream ) onto the play store . this may be the beginning of oems splitting onto the play store as google did a while back ( calendar , keyboard , etc ) . this may be a way to get some of the widgets you love , without owning the device . however , the locked widgets remain an issue .
i cannot lock down a feature list , and i do not have a tablet to try it on , but i have found that the aokp roms are pretty far along . i think it may have camera support , but you will have to let me know .
a rom with camera support is now available . i found it on the xda developers forum .
samsung have started rolling out the official ics rom now ( at least it was applied to mine recently ) , i would be surprised if that does not support the camera .
unfortunately i do not believe this is possible . no app can interact with the phone once the phone has been locked / put into standby mode . . . therefore without installing a custom rom ( which has modified the code allowing other buttons to unlock / wake up the phone ) this is not possible .
you need to go into input properties and choose the languages you want . if you do not find the desired language then you must root your phone and use an app like language enabler from google play .
you can try external keyboard helper , which is designed for bluetooth/usb keyboards but i believe it should work for the chat 's physical keyboard !
you can try a 3rd-party keyboard like go sms pro . it will allow you to use different keyboard layouts , including russian . i think it has czech ( but probably not written in english ) .
i had a similar issue as i was learning spanish . i was finding it almost impossible to key in the spanish words using english text , one by one character . to get round this , i enabled two languages and therefore my phone now recognises both spanish and english words and therefore i have no problems when switching from contacting colleagues to learning languages . to do this , go onto ' settings ' , then ' language and input ' . then scroll down to the option titled ' samsung keyboard ' and click the setting cog next to it . you should then see an option called ' input languages ' and from there , you should see a list of all the available languages on your phone . simply check all the tickboxes of any languages you would like to use and then those languages will be enabled and you will be able to type with them throughout any app on your phone . hope this helps and answers your question .
aww you cant just make your physical keyboard to enter different language , you can try this : -use on screen keyboard -download google input for your desired language -and change input method by long clicking any textfield
if it happened only once , it might have been a battery calibration error . this seems to be a defective battery . i would send the device back , if i were you . the drop seems to be too steep to be from a continuous drain ( like wifi ) .
i have got the same problem since some weeks ago ; it is the same , the wifi remains connected even when the screen is off . . . one friend solved it removing the outlook app but i am not using it . ( i am suspecting the simpsons game . )
the second image , which shows the battery go down to 0% shows that wifi is what used all the battery . it seems that the battery stats do not show its " progress " to 0% , maybe because the device was in " stand by " mode , but still connected to wifi . wifi is a big drain on your battery even when the device is not used . there are applications that will still use the data connected ( wifi or mobile ) even when the screen is off .
you can use " emulator " from console . that way it will stay on regardless of eclipse state . starting emulator also , try using adb devices to find out is your emulator really running
you can reconnect your emulator using the android debug bridge ( adb ) . there are 2 primary methods to do this : in eclipse , open the " devices " view . the last button on the right ( upside down triangle ) will open a menu of additional options . the very bottom selection is " reset adb " from a command prompt you can type the following 2 commands to stop and restart adb . adb kill-server adb start-server
no . i have made my current city offline . but , when i do local search with third-party apps , the map is displayed after consuming internet connection . its task of third-party apps to cache fetched map data for future use .
looking at this , gsm:900/1800/1900 mhz , 3g td-scdma 2010-20250 mhz and scrolling on down a bit on that page under the ' data application features ' . . . data service gprs ; edge ; td-scdma that would explain it , no umts/hspa/hspa+ mentioned in the spec of that hardware , as that would be required to have t-mobile operating to enable 3g data . it may be basically a cheap and cheerful but crippled phone , but only for a certain market segment , if there is no supporting data protocol support such as umts/hspa/hspa+ , it will fall back on 2g .
i solved this myself after trying a few things . i deleted the news and weather app 's data by going to settings> applications> manage applications> all , tapping " news and weather " , and then " clear data " . i needed to delete and re-add the widget and set my refresh settings again , but now it works .
roms are device specific . so : no , you cannot flash the rom from your exhibit on your dart without most likely breaking the latter .
you need to fully drain you devices battery until it turns off by itself at then plug it in the outlet and leave it overnight . explanation : battery needs to be calibrated especially if you are not charging the battery to a full 100% . tips : charge your battery to 100% at least a week : ) ample power company suggests : conditioning batteries how do batteries that are only four months old die ? perhaps they were not broken in properly ; maybe they sat deeply discharged for a few days or more ; perhaps they were allowed to self-discharge . there is plenty of ways to murder batteries . all batteries that refuse to accept a charge are not necessarily ready for the scrap heap . often , a deep discharge followed by a slow charge will recover lost capacity and charge acceptance .
that is really not normal . the phone should behave completely normally right up to the point it turns itself off . since it is still under warranty , you should make a warranty claim . trying to fix it yourself ( or taking it to someone else to fix ) will void the warranty , and might not fix the problem , which would leave you worse off than you started . from what you have described it is not possible to tell where the source of the fault is . if you have a friend with an s3 you could borrow , you could try their battery in your phone to see what difference that makes ; but if you make a warranty claim , they will likely want to test both the phone and the battery , even if you think you have isolated the cause yourself .
maybe shadowsocks ? there are different os client/servers , even for routers . http://www.shadowsocks.org/
try uninstalling winamp first , and see if the issue is still there . there seems to be , by the sound of it ( no pun intended ) , conflicts with the stock player and winamp , and both are trying to get a stranglehold on the media playing , competing with each other .
apple ios no official native solution by google ( except for the safari web-app with a subpar user experience ) beware : all 3rd party providers seem to need your friend 's plain google password to be able to offer push support ( not just their app ) ! all have some sort of session timeout for push notifications ( when the app is in background ) : needs a relogin after that timeout ( eww ! ) . 3rd party apps i found : im+ pro , free , ad supported , push with unknown session timeout im+ , 9.99$ , no ads and longer push session timeouts as above . good reviews . beejiveim for gtalk : free , push session timeout up to 7 days , no voice/video chat for google talk pro : 0.99$ , push with unknown session timeout , noticed bad reviews in germany , good in us though windows phone todo blackberry has good support , download here symbian todo bada todo send me your findings , i will happily include them here .
try using the business calender app , or one of the offline calendar apps .
if you enter the dialpad to call , you should see a microphone icon that you can click to voice dial . you can also add a voice dial icon to your home screen . as for needing a data connection , it is not the processing that is the issue - it is the amount of data that would need to be stored on your phone in order to do that processing that is the problem .
last time i checked hands-free voice dialing is not possible with android . http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=9817 put simply , android is not car-friendly telephone . in fact , android phones may be banned from use while driving in some states , as android does not support hands-free operation . perhaps , nothing wrong with that if we consider it as just a small internet tablet and not demand full telephony capabilities from it .
" voice control without internet by k and j software " app seems like all you will need . description from the play store:- unlike most voice applications on the the market which require internet connection , this application installs a light-weight speech recognizer on your phone , so it can run locally without internet connection . you can make your own speech commands to start an app , call a friend or browse a website . speech commands can be defined by phonetic alphabets , so it literally supports any language . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.knjsoftware.voicecommanderhl=en i have not tried it out yet , but it looks promising and has decent ratings . not sure how well it performs . . it also seems you can set the " voice dialing feature " through this app . hope it works out well ! : ) note : free version has a few limitations .
installing external keyboard helper pro seemed to fix the keyboard shortcuts in chrome . ( i have no idea why it helps ; this was completely unexpected . i was just installing it to get rid of the onscreen keyboard . )
it turns out that the solution to this is rather easy , but scarcely documented . to switch between forward-is-up and north-is-up , simply tap the red/white compass needle in the upper left hand corner of the screen .
i am afraid there is not as calls are not recorded by default or even stored temporarily . sorry this did not add any more information than izzy offered in the comment just thought it should be put as the answer . if you are in a similar situation in the future or need to record a call there are plenty of apps available that will let you do that .
it is in /data/sdext2 now i just need to understand how to mount it manually .
while you are in each sub-folder go into Settings-&gt;Sync Options and change to sync automatically or on the schedule that you want .
endless hours were spent trying to connect my motorola razr to my computer . this finally worked : go to google playstore on the phone . download motorola pim ( all upper case ) . if you have an extended battery case/charger on the phone , remove the phone and insert the usb cable into the port on the top of the phone . or download “airdroid” and connect wirelessly . hope this helps someone !
in my experience the udev rules are only required for fastboot and this should not be related to charging .
i am guessing the power output from the port is low , although i would think the hard drive would not work either . you could try connecting your phone to a powered usb hub , and connected the hub to the computer . or if you have a desktop , it could be a power supply problem , in which case you could try one with a higher wattage .
it is actually very simply . drive has that option built in . you just go to the options and click on download a copy . it will download the file into your download folder .
astro file manager with clouds works great . took less than 5 minutes to install and start copying folders from google drive to my android .
i would recommend using a file manager , e.g. the astro file manager . there you can access your dropbox , google drive , box , . . . and copy files and whole folders to a local folder .
you can use es file explorer . to get connected : press the settings button on the phone , or the app . expand the network list , and click cloud . click new , and choose gdrive . enter your google credentials , accept the terms , and you are all set up . to copy a file to the phone : locate the file on gdrive through es file explorer . long press the file . press More , then Copy to . select the location to copy the file to , and press OK . or . . . locate the file on gdrive through es file explorer . long press the file . press Copy . navigate to the location you want the file . press Paste .
this may not be helpful , but when i long press any file and set it to " make available offline " , it ends up in /storage/sdcard0/Android/data/com.google.android.apps.docs/files/pinned_docs_files_do_not_edit/{hexadecimal string}/ . from there you should be able to copy them to some other location .
open up jorte and go to the " tasks and memos " section . click on the " task list " button , and there should be a " create " button that lets you create a new list . to view other lists , go back to the " task list " button and check/uncheck the lists you wish to show/hide . i do not know if there is a limit to the number of lists you are able to have in jorte ; i would imagine the number is a technical one that is much higher than an average user would ever need .
the max amount of task lists appears to be 3 , at least for me anyways !
its a pretty useless app if you do not use it ( forever ) . so what you can do is disable it . go through Settings&gt;Apps/App Manager&gt;All&gt;Voice Dialler&gt;Disable . thats it . you can enable it again if you wish when needed .
the google voice app it self only lets you choose three things : all calls with regular number , all calls with gv number , or you can choose at a call-by-call basis . i do the call-by-call basis to get sort of what you want . i do not think there is any way to automatically have it choose one way or another per contact level .
you can do this with voice plus
i just found voice choice which claims to do what i want but i have not tried it yet because its a big purchasing decision at $3 . i will have to discuss with the family and check with my financial advisor . i will report back if it actually does the job ( or not ) .
although it does not address the real request , the widget available with the latest version of google voice makes it easier to switch modes as you can step through 4 modes ( do not use for calls/international calls only/ask for every call/use for all calls ) from your home screen . the widget is fast , so i think once you learn the sequence , you had be able to rapidly select the mode you want for a call before opening the phone app . i only wish you could select which of the 4 icons in the widget you want displayed so it could use less than 3x1 spots on the home screen .
i still have not tried voice choice , but i just downloaded this free app : voice plus this looks perfect . from the description : allows you to set rules for which number dialed will use your google voice number . specify rules based on area code or by contacts ( using contact groups ) . no more annoyance of having to press another button when dialing to choose where to call from !
i use " shh ! auto-silencer " for a similar purpose , screening notification automatically ( so i do not get calls at work rather than while sleeping ) . it is a time profile based app that silences your phone between time a and b and allows you to set exception for contacts . the best thing about it is that it runs in the background ( boot on start-up and runs off the alarm clock service ) , you do not need to enable/disable it as a sound mode . shh ! auto-silencer lite
the setting profiles app can do that . from their site : what if i don’t want to miss an important call while i’m on mute ? you can overwrite current sound settings with a rule based on incoming call condition . here is how to : create a new rule add incoming call condition and set it to your preferred contacts group ( like vip or family ) add activate profile action to activate the profile where sound is on and/or some custom ring tone specified that’s it ! now even if your phone is set to mute , it will still ring in case of a call from someone from contact group you have set up in step two . they currently have two versions of the app - a lite and full . i would try the lite version to see if it has this feature first . qr code for setting profiles lite : qr code for setting profiles full :
apndroid does not work on cdma phones . this appears to be the case with most such apps . internet scheduler and greenpower claim to work on them if you have gingerbread , though . there are some other solutions you can try in this google groups thread .
by default , 3g/4g cannot coexist with wifi , 3g/4g will be disabled whenever wifi comes up , if you need this so badly you can use some custom rom 's source and modify the below code to enable 3g during wifi , also you need to route like u already do . http://gitorious.org/0xdroid/frameworks_base/blobs/234551c44102003c1fb2de5c16f60f9f0cefe71d/services/java/com/android/server/connectivityservice.java#line224
you need to download and install android central sideload wonder machine to your computer and connect your device to the computer . this link will surely help you out . just follow every step carefully and you will get rid of that issue . hope that helps .
to answer your question on what the ' black bar ' is at the bottom of the screen - it appears to be called the System Bar . i thought it was the Notification Bar but apparently that is part of the System Bar . here are several links that i found in my search : android 3.0 highlights from android developer site talkandroid . com esato . com phonearena . com stackoverflow question where someone called it a ' system bar '
you should be able to just plug the controller in to your tablet with a otg usb cable and then an app like usb/bt joystick center 6 will map the controller inputs to something your device can recognise .
i found out there are two types of xbox360 controller . the regular wireless controller ( with optional usb-charger cable ) the actual wired usb controller allthough the wireless controller with usb charger cable looks like a regular usb controller , it does not behave this way . also when connected via usb it will still operate wirelessly . so the problem lies in the controller . to use a xbox360 controller via usb , we would need the actual wired usb controller and not the wireless controller with charger cable .
use titanium backup pro to do so . start the app . tap menu in the top right corner . scroll down to the special backup / restore section and choose backup data to xml there - choose wi-fi access points . to restore , choose restore data from xml .
on newer versions of android , wifi settings are backed up along with your google account ( if you have enabled it in Settings -&gt; Backup &amp; reset -&gt; Back up my data ) , and restored when you link your google account back to your wiped or new device . note that in my personal experience , the google backup feature is a bit flaky , sometimes it works , sometimes it does not . on new devices it usually works , but when wiping/installing roms it may fail .
just a precision , to be clear : bootloader-unlocking does not network-unlock a device . it also voids the warranty and stops any drm'ed video/music/app from playing/working . lots of good explanations here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1839477
the term " unlocked device " is as confusing as the term " rom " ( see the rom tags tag wiki ) . only from the context one can tell whether it refers to " a device with an unlocked bootloader " , or " a device without network/sim lock " . this means , your question cannot be answered with a simple " yes " or " no": though the terms are used as synonyms , " unlocked device " stays ambiguous without proper context . but it is quite more likely that " unlocked device " refers to the " network/sim lock " .
no , they are completely unrelated things . as you say , an unlocked device means it is not locked to a particular carrier : you can insert a different sim card to change to a different carrier , and it will work . a locked device will not connect to another carrier if you change the sim card . the bootloader is the first thing that runs when you turn the phone on : it is responsible for loading the core android code , so that android can load itself and run . a locked bootloader uses digital signatures to verify the android code it is loading , which means it will only boot a rom ( firmware image ) that is signed by the device manufacturer . in contrast , an unlocked bootloader will load any rom . unlocking a locked bootloader will wipe the device .
as you do not give any example , we need to guess . i doubt it is for " stopping themselves " for the call dialog like amit suggests ( as a background " live wallpaper " , they do not need to do that specially for call dialogs : either they generally need it for any dialog , or not at all ) . i rather suspect some ad module behind this ( see my answer here for details ) . for ad modules , the combination of INTERNET and READ_PHONE_STATE are quite usual : the former to retrieve the advertisement material , and the latter to access your imei for identification ( good cop : to know which ads you have already seen so they are not repeated too often ; bad cop : to get imei , imsi , your phone number , phone numbers you have been in contact with -- so a profile can be built ) . note that the developer of the app ( or live wallpaper in your case ) has no control at all what those ad modules do . all he can do is to take care to chose a " good one " , and avoid the " more malicious " ad modules .
looks like the cause of you problem might be : your sd card is corrupted or with some problem your version of android is very outdated and might have bugs try to use another sd card , if you get the same problems then i highly recommend you to flash a custom rom like cyanogenmod 7 for example . here you can get some tutorials about how to make it update xperia x8 with official firmwares or custom firmwares
i solved my problem by going to Settings -&gt; SD card and phone storage and unmounted then remounting the card .
i faced the same issue at least couple of times , but now its stable . i also have android 2.1 update 1 version on my phone . i strongly recommend you back up all your data ( call logs , messages , bookmarks , contacts and market apps ) to a pc . after backing up your data try the following : reset the settings ( settings -> privacy -> settings reset ) . it is going to restart the phone . let it restart the phone . if step 1 does not help then do factory reset ( settings -> factory data reset ) . it is going to remove all the data from your phone . if still no help then use sony ericsson update service to flash the stock ( original ) rom into your mobile . please format , remove and reinsert the sd card into your mobile . you can try nathan 's solution , but your phone 's hardware should support the latest android versions ( > = android 2.2 ) otherwise there are custom roms . as far as i know your phone 's hardware will not support higher versions of android . it allows you to flash the custom rom but you will be able to use very minimal features of that android .
this could be a hardware issue . if the sd card is continually failing / un-mounting like this , try another sd card , and try the first sd card in another device . if the first card fails in the second device , it is the card . ( cards are cheaper to replace , so hope it is this . ) if the second card fails in the xperia x8 , it is probably hardware related . i would not root and mod to attempt to solve this problem as it is more likely to be hardware/warranty related .
you cannot change the font on some books if it is using an older format . because those books are older topaz format instead of newer azw format . you can not change the font type with the topaz format , although you can still change the font size . if you look at the content of kindle with your computer , you will notice that the books with the older topaz format has . tpz extension while the newer azw format has . azw extension .
a simplistic solution to your problem would be the following : set up any one of the ip camera apps on the play store . access the ip camera app 's web interface via the server . set the web interface to record the video feed to its storage . this would work ; but you have not specified if you own the server or not , what type of server it is , or whether you are on the same wifi network as the phone .
enhanced sms and caller id will vocalize text messages and allow you to reply using your voice .
check out blue control on the marketplace . routes sms messages to your bt headset .
the following is another resource for such apps : http://eyes-free.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/documentation/android_access/apps.html#ps at least one of the 5 listed ( handcent sms ) is sms-specific .
there are a number of apps that will do this . drivesafe . ly is what i use right now , but have not really had the opportunity to thoroughly test their tts engine . it can also be set up to start whenever bluetooth is paired , or if you put it in a car dock . i did try another one out a few months ago , but can not remember the name right now . a search through the app market ( or your favourite online app site ) may reveal some more .
" assistant " for android is free and it reads incoming text messages aloud , and it will let you dictate a response . it does many of the other things that " google now " does , only not as well .
sms speak does text to speech for your sms messages . it has support for routing audio thru a connected bluetooth too . you can install different speech synthesis engines from the software libraries on the marketplace as well .
by far the best hands free app out there ( and believe me , i have tried all of them ) is speak drive text by speakeazy . so many options , just a great app .
handcent sms has a " speak text " feature .
announcify - currently in beta . it is the successor of , the already mentioned above , saymyname dessert .
there is an app called smart receiver , it speaks sms and incoming call details very well . i use it , it is very nice .
starttalking seems like an app to check out . it will let you listen to incoming text messages and even replay to them . it does not require any bluetooth devices ( but i think it will work with one ) , and it is true hands free - meaning you do not have to press any button to use it , both for listening to it and replaying , it is fully voice activated . oh and the tts sounds surprisingly good .
saymyname dessert will read sms text . when bluetooth is attached , it still uses the speaker or wired output , though .
i know this is an old thread but here is some links to a good 100% hands free sms for android . speak and hear sms in google play : speak and hear sms
only dual-transfer mode phones and networks can use both voice and data at the same time . i can not find any hard details on the desire hd but i assume it is not dtm enabled/capable .
today netflix released an offical app ! currently netflix playback is supported on the following phones : htc incredible with android 2.2 htc nexus one with android 2.2 , 2.3 htc evo 4g with android 2.2 htc g2 with android 2.2 samsung nexus s with android 2.3
if you did not take a backup before fiddling around with your system ( which i assume is the case ) , you will have to get yourself the rom ( see : where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ? ) and flash it to your device . advice for the next time you start playing with system stuff : backup your current rom ( which can be done via custom recovery as nandroid backup ) . so in case anything goes wrong , you simply need to boot into recovery and restore that backup , which includes the entire system and your user stuff as well .
if your phone starts up normally and does not have home screen alone if you had enabled adb debug , you can copy the apk for home ( you should know the name as you deleted it ) from some one 's phone of same model having same version of rom as yours . then you can connect your phone to your pc and use adb install commands to install the home launcher .
you have to install new rom , but you lose your warranty permanently . because the rom is locked first time , when you re-install you unlock it . after re-locking it'll show your status as re-locked instead of locked and it means you have no warranty any more . you must backup your phone before any system modification .
backup the phone and try to reset the phone . so that you`ll get all the apps which are coming with your phone .
i found a way to establish a working teamviewer connection between my android tablet and my windows pc . i use mhotspot to create a wifi hotspot on my windows laptop and connect my android tablet to this new hotspot . teamviewer is accepting this way immediately .
the 1st thing to do is 1 . connect your android device with your lap or pc using wifi hotspot . 2 . turn off your mobile internet which was shared with the connected lap/pc . this makes sure that no internet is shared and only the network connection remains between these devices . 3 . once these 2 steps are done properly , the teamviewer id changed from number ( eg:164716358 ) to its local ip address ( eg:192.168.43.118 ) . so connecting with this ip address connects the mobile and lap/pc using wifi and this allows remote desktop connection . but still using this method file transfer was not successful , still remote desktop connection was successful , which solved my issue after lot of research :d
there is another android application , named bluetooth remote pc , which will give you the remote connection to your laptop by using either your android cell phone 's bluetooth or wifi connection .
for that you need the full version of teamviewer . reference : http://www.teamviewer.com/en/help/40-can-teamviewer-be-used-within-a-local-network-lan-only.aspx you can establish remote control sessions on your local network directly by using ip addresses or computer names . by default this feature is deactivated because software firewalls may open an acceptance dialog when configured this way . to activate the lan mode in teamviewer full version and host module : In the menu click on Extras and then on Options On the General tab activate Accept incoming LAN connections  when selecting accept exclusively it will display the ip-address of the computer in the id-field . a connection can now be established using the ip-address or alternatively using the host name .
try a complete clean installation . i mean wipe system data cache d-cache then install the is and gapps only . probably something stable . then test it for 2 days .
important addition : when my battery gets drained and i put it to the charger , it gets fully charged for few minutes ! i tried wiping battery stats before and after every rom installation , tried using battery calibration app , but nothing helps !
from your answer ( phone charged again in a few minutes ) i would say there is a problem with either your battery capacity or your battery stats ( either the phone thinks the battery is empty while it is not , or it thinks it is fully charged when it is not ( and so it is emptied again very quickly ) . the screen is always a big battery consumer ( i never seen it under 40% on my phone ) so if your battery life is reduced , it can drain it completely in a couple of hours . what i would recommend is to try to charge the battery for a long time after the phone has drained it , like overnight . you may want to try another charger also since there is always the possibility that something had gone wrong with yours . if it does not help and you know someone with the same phone , try swapping the batteries ( after both are fully charged ) : if your phone still die in one hour , then you definitely have something consuming too much battery . try looking into the number of wakelocks as recommended in the comments ( also you may try to revert to stock rom . if the issue is still there , there may be a hardware failure causing this issue ) if the other phone die in one hour and your is still good , it means you are battery was not fully charged . if this is the case , try to charge it again on the other phone and do the test again : if the battery works fine the second time , there is an issue with your phone which does not charge batteries the right way . in this case i am not sure what you can do ( that may also be caused by a hardware issue ) if it still does not work for more than one hour , then you just need a new battery
i installed stock 2.3.3 rom and now everything is fine . . . i will back it up , and then try experimenting with some newer roms : ) thanks for all the responses !
a google engineer said ( on google+ , i think ) that nexus phones are designed to not charge the battery to 100 % , as it is stressful for the battery . even when a phone shows 100% and charged , the circuitry actually charges and discharges the battery , always keeping it under 100% ( and above 92% , i think ) . i tried to find the source , but google search has not turned anything up yet . will add it here if i find it later . so when your device does not show 100% , do not panic . that is by design .
install androidzip or es file explorer and you will be able to upload files from any browser .
you have to take into consideration that the 4.1 system you had be installing isnt a stock build , it is a rom created by a developer . cyanogenmod is generally pretty stable , but you would want to do your homework at the xda developers site to determine if there are any bugs or known issues , or how the performance of 4.1 is on your device by reading users ' reviews . this would also require you to root your phone , which may invalidate your warranty , which is another consideration .
try pointing them to this link on the sony mobile website : http://www.sonymobile.com/global-en/software/phones/xperia-x10-mini/ it has some software to download for mac or pc which will allow your friend to upgrade their device .
gingerbread ( 2.3 ) has the setting : settings-> wireless and network settings-> mobile networks-> data enabled for turning off mobile data without needing an app . dunno if this is specific to gingerbread - it is my first android and i have had it for less than a week , . . .
see my related answer about battery conservation . in your case , you want your phone to become a " dumb " phone . use apndroid to cut off your data . there is even a widget to make it a one button press . other than that , keep your screen dim and you should be good to go .
if the " move " option is greyed out , it can mean either , or both of the following : 1 ) the application was granted device administration privilege previously . to disable device administration for an application , go to menu | settings | security | device administrators ( please note these options vary between android versions , but they should be similar ) . then , the " move " option should be enabled to allow you to move data to your external sd card ( i.e. . microsd card ) . or 2 ) the application was designed to only run in internal memory . this is set in the application by the developer and there is nothing you can do about it ( unless you know how to reverse-engineer the application ) . the reason for this is that some android functions only work if they are executed from the internal storage area . sometimes , you will have applications that do both of the above . so , if you cannot move an application , the above are the reasons .
moon+ reader in the pro version supports almost all formats available , including epub and pdf . you can even highlight and annotate text ; with pdf files , these highlights/annotations will be directly embedded into the file ( so you then can simply transfer the pdf to another reader and have your notes included ) , while for the other formats they are stored separately . support is pretty good , fixes and new features are constantly released ( developer is quite active and responding ) .
both aldiko and fbreader support pdf reading without conversion . as the app should update , you can check them again . i found these later : aldiko only supports non-drm'd epub . nook for android by b and n and kobo ebooks seem support both pdf and epub . get the information from : http://www.pdfmate.com/read-pdf-with-ebook-reader-app-for-android.html
i am using bluefire reader . it is free of charge and can display pdf and epub files with adobe drm .
aldiko is a good free application for reading pdf and epub documents .
txtr purports to support both , but has not gotten very good reviews . speak text easy and multireader are primarily for text-to-speech , but they both appear to support both file formats .
no , you can not install a rom on a different device than the one it was compiled for . even devices based on the same soc usually need differently configured rom files , let alone ones based on different socs such as these two .
there are multiple possible solutions to the problem behind your sync issue : make sure auto-sync is enabled press your device 's &lt ; home > button , then press &lt ; menu > . select settings . select accounts and sync . make sure the checkbox for auto-sync is checked . turn sync off and on press your device 's &lt ; home > button , then press &lt ; menu > . select settings . select accounts and sync . select the account with sync problems . uncheck the box next to sync calendar to disable calendar sync . then check the box to re-enable calendar sync . note : if the box next to sync calendar was unchecked , simply check the box to re-enable calendar sync . clear cache press your device 's &lt ; home > button ; select App Settings ; select All ; swipe until you find the calendar app and tap over it ; tap over clear cache ; perform a resync to google . if that does not work , go through the same steps but tap clear data and perform the resync to google . sources : google support : problems with sync google calendar app not syncing to google calendar online
did you try syncing your calender ? go to Settings--> under the Accounts select Google --> in that menu select your email address --> then in the new menu " uncheck " Calendar and " check " it again . it will sync and most probably you will see the shared calender .
by default , email attachments and browser downloads are stored at : /sdcard/download  can also be identified by some file managers as : /HWUserData/download  if the device does not have a user-replaceable sd card the location should be : /mnt/sdcard/Download  some apps may have their own default location , or save to appropriated locations based on the file extension .
if you can find someone else with an unlocked nexus s , you can use nandroid backups to do everything on their device and then duplicate efforts to your device , like so : let 's call your phone device a and theirs device b . boot into recovery on both devices , then make a nandroid backup of each device , which i will call nandroid a and nandroid b , for each phone . using some sort of wireless file-transfer application ( airdroid , samba server , etc ) , transfer the nandroid backups to a computer for safekeeping , and then put nandroid a onto device b and boot into recovery on device b . wipe the cache , dalvik cache , system partition , and data partition , then restore nandroid a onto device b . once the restore is complete , boot device b normally and perform the ota update as you would under normal conditions . reboot into recovery on device b after installing the update , and make a new nandroid backup which i will call nandroid a2 . then , move files around wirelessly as outlined above and wipe device a and restore nandroid a2 to device a . finally , wipe device b and restore nandroid b to device b and give it back to your much-indebted-to friend . be careful when you wipe before a restore /not/ to wipe the internal storage on the device . the nexus s does not have an sd card slot , otherwise i would just advise you remove the sd card altogether while restoring . . . but twrp has a pretty straightforward checkbox that will help you make sure you are not wiping your internal storage . yes , this method is roundabout and long-winded , and yes , it does require access to hardware that you may not be able to get your hands on . but it will work .
use an app like wifi file trasnfer to transfer the stock image to your phone and then flash it using whatever recovery you are using .
no . such list could never be exhaustive as all the developers who got booted would need to collaborate to it . most warez markets do not exclusively deal with banned apps either , they usually host free and paid apps available in play store as well . for the record the term " apps that google does not like " is quite misleading . it is usually carriers or another external force that ask for removal of apps .
if you are using wi-fi you can use a remote file transfer tool like websharinglite . you can start the app , browse it in any web browser with the ip and port and upload your . apk or explore your files .
to install . apks from sources other than the android market , you have to enable the " unknown sources " feature in the " settings/applications " menu . otherwise , you will not be able to use any third party apps . for example , nothing from the amazon app store can be installed without this setting . also , dolphin mini browser is great , lightweight , and allows direct installation of downloaded . apks .
also , if your cord is broken and you are looking for a way to transfer files effectively ( including . apks ) , try wifi file explorer . there is a free version , but the paid one lets you push files to your phone , and i found it to be perfect for transferring . apks without a cord .
absolutely . the gmail app will not allow downloading of attachments ( images and the like are only " previewed" ) but you could use a third-party email app or the gmail the website to get around that . be aware that unless you have something like download crutch installed , android may not let you download apks through the default browser . you can just use firefox or another browser instead .
i believe it is necessary to install the android sdk first on the samsung galaxy tab3 . thank you , frank .
immediately back-up all pictures to your computer , because i think the sd card is failing . if it is internal memory , are the pictures instantly empty ? or are they empty after a while ? can you also state your make and model ?
the dialer may have hard-coded the api key for the lookup service . the error occurs when too many requests are sent using a single api key in a short interval .
actually it is very intuitive , open the app drawer , look for settings , then follow below : language and input > keyboard and input methods > android keyboard ( aosp ) settings > input languages and in this list tap to put a check-mark for both english and french .
you can achieve this using third-party keyboard apps . try multiling . i like it particularly for 2 reasons : it is highly customizable : from the look to keyboard layouts to languages to sounds to effects to emoji icons to tablet layouts and much much more . it supports my native language = ) ( uzbek - a minority language ) with the autocompletion dictionary . and the best part ? it is free ! background info although i do not need french and i only use the qwerty layout , i tried adding french and the layouts you mentioned and it worked and i was able to do that pretty quickly . note that you will not be able to change the keyboard layouts as quickly using a shortcut as you would change languages ( swiping the space bar ) . however , i am assuming one does not need to change layouts that often since it is a matter of typing preference . setting up languages and layouts once you install the keyboard , follow these steps to add languages ( the app will actually present a very convenient step-by-step set up wizard when you first run it ) : settings ( not android settings , but multilang keyboard settings - there is a key for that on the keyboard . this will open a popup ) > languages > tick off the languages you want . to install the autocompletion dictionaries , go to " install dictionaries " on the same screen . this will open developer 's website with links to download dictionaries from google play . to change the keyboard layouts : settings > keyboard settings > themes , sizes and layouts > abc layouts > select the layout you want . press back several times to go back to the input screen and you are good to go . switching layouts if you want to use qwerty with english and azerty with french , there are two ways to achieve this : changing the multiling keyboard settings where you have english and french set up - following the steps above ( total of 7 taps or 4-5 seconds ) . using the stock android keyboard with english language and qwerty layout , and multiling with french and the layout of your choice . in this case keyboard switching is done through the notifications screen ( as far as i remember on ics - i am on jelly bean now ) . bonus information here 's a promo video for the keyboard which shows the different languages , layouts and styles . you will see my language on the 33rd second : )
quick settings has a separate " notification volume " which for me controls all of my apps notifications ( although i have fb and twitter notification off at the source ) . another app i use is quick profiles for fast switching between preset profiles . this app also can control the " notification volume " . i have a specific profile set for when i sleep that turns off all notifications . another thing you could do is turn off autosync at night which is a toggle on the stock power widget . that way you had still get calls and texts but it would update any of your email or apps . for the record , quick settings can control the following volume levels : ringer volume notification volume media volume alarm volume voice call volume system volume as well as the master volume .
1 ) app notifications use the ringer volume for how loud the notification is played . 2 ) you could use an application like locale or tasker to automatically silence your ringer volume during the night . then you could create exceptions if you need for certain people to be able to call you during the night .
i normally do this by using the wifi tethering option built into android - and it works perfectly . as of this moment , the only way you may be able to do it via usb is using adb , but i have tried using multiple apps and have never got it to work .
to access localhost of pc through usb tethering on android , do the following:- assign a static ip to the pc or find the internal ip of the pc . make sure usb tethering is active . using stock browser , disable proxies and type in the static ip ( internal ip ) of the pc .
google 's android device manager service can do all of that apart from the remote control , though unless your phone has a new enough os to have it installed by default ( instead of pulled down as part of the google services updates ) it is difficult to remove rather than impossible . find your lost phone with android device manager remotely lock android devices
making an app " impossible to remove " is , of course , impossible to accomplish . nothing is impossible to remove . for other features you are looking for , i would recommend looking into airdroid or cerberus .
you should make sure that your router is in n-only mode , since if there is even one g-mode device in the access point , the speed gets dropped from all devices , except if the device has separate chips for g-mode and n-mode . also , your devices cpu and ram can cause limitations . for example , my galaxy nexus can handle speeds up to 30mbps whereas the original galaxy capped at about 10mbps despite being attached to a 100mbps access point .
the speed is limited by weakest point in the system . if you are using a class 2 microsd , you can not get speed more than 2mbps even if your network can transfer 1tbps .
op fixed the issue with the following solution : edit : i fixed it by following the instructions from theunlockr - how to : unroot the htc desire and flashing this rom [ direct link ] . community wiki under " best-practices " defined by this meta answer .
afair that setting is only applied to apps installed thereafter , so you have got to disable it for each app separately in addition . i have made that back then right when the autoupdate feature was introduced , so i do not remember anymore where exactly this has to be done ( playstore app or playstore website ) . doing a little google search brings up e.g. this article : how to disable automatic app updates on android , which in short describes the required procedure as follows : globally disable/enable auto-updates ( applies as default to apps installed after changing this setting ) : open the google playstore app head to menu→settings toogle the auto-update apps setting to the wanted value adjust it for apps already installed : open the google playstore app head to the list of your installed apps ( "my apps" ) open each app separately , hit the menu again , and toggle the auto-update checkbox restricting google play to wifi : ( also see my answer here , with screenshots ) from your homescreen , go to settings→data usage enable a " global limit " ( can be pretty fake , e.g. "5 tb " – it just needs any value , which one does not matter for this case ) in the list of apps below , scroll to the google play store app open its entry , scroll to the end of the page tick the checkbox to " restrict background data " above order ( 1 and 2 ) applies to " i want auto-updates globally , just not for certain apps " . if i understood correctly , the " auto-update " checkbox on the apps ' pages only becomes visible when auto-updates are enabled globally . so if you want to deactivate that for all apps , you might have to reverse this order : enable auto-updates globally disable it for each installed app separately disable it again in the global settings ( so it will automatically be applied to apps you install from now on ) not very user-friendly , especially with many apps installed – but it at least should work . item #3 will stop google play store from working while on mobile data . while usually , this just affects background data , play store will most likely refuse to work altogether , as it relies on gcm ( google cloud messaging ) , which relies on background data to receive messages . more references : how to stop google play store from auto updating ( youtube video ) <a href="stackexchange-url how can i turn off the “allow automatic updating” for all apps ? ( right here on android . se ) is it possible to disable google play updates ? ( specifically for google play and google play services , which – according to the answer there – can not be excluded from auto-updates ) how can i turn off the “allow automatic updating” for an app ? ( again right here on android . se ) how to enable play store auto-update for just a few apps ? ( one more here on android . se ) is it possible to selectively limit background data usage ? how does “restrict background data” work ? there are many more links , not all fitting in this answer : )
you could try an app such as airstream if you are rooted which streams all audio on your device via airplay .
you could try and exploit your receiver 's support for the dlna / upnp protocols , by installing a dlna / upnp control point app , such as bubbleupnp .
the magnetic field of a certain point is directional and has magnitude . the x , y , z returned by the sensor is a vector that describes the strength and direction of the magnetic field relative to the device measured in microtesla . for example , a value of (x, y, z) = (50, 50, 0) means that there is a magnetic field sqrt(50**2+50**2+0**2) \u2248 70.7107 microtesla strong in the direction of 45 degree to x-axis and y-axis of the device .
go to downloads , click on it and send it to trash . worked for me .
i hope this is your problem , rt ? just go in downloads , select other downloads and it will appear facebook build 141046 and then select that and click cancel . or settings --> apps --> all --> download manager --> force stop , disable and clear cache then enable again help/more
i do not know about cm themes in particular , but android app package names are based on java packages , which means they have to start with a web domain you own , in big-endian order . that is , if and only if you own the domain mikroskeem.eu , you can use any package name starting eu.mikroskeem. there is no way to enforce this convention , but following it makes sure that package names are unique .
on my device ( samsung galaxy s3 with jelly bean 4.1 ) i could change this by setting the " size to retrieve emails " to the minimum ( 2kb here ) on the account settings in the email app .
i would try clearing the data for it . do so via Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications and finding voice search ( or the relevant app if you are using another ) under the all tab .
you could set each one of your contacts individual ringtones to be a sound file that is just someone saying their name . it would be pretty tedious , and it would not work for numbers that are not in your contacts , but at least it is something . see this thread on how to set custom . mp3 files as ringtones .
sanity is another neat app for this . alternatively , it is straight forward to configure a tasker profile to ' say ' an alert including the caller 's name .
i do not know about rooting your device , but i can help with getting your device to be recognised by your computer . exact instructions will depend on what os you are running , but basically you need to find the . android folder in your home directory , and replace the adb_usb . ini file with this one . this tells your computer to let adb work with a load of different usb devices . you may need to type this on the command line to get it to work after you do this : adb kill-server adb start-server  and now running this should show you your device adb devices 
the galaxy s ii does not have a locked bootloader , so davidap 's ( deleted ) post does not really apply in this case . it is also theoretically possible to exploit a flaw in a bootloader or something and re-lock it , though i do not know of such a method . but anyways . as noted here , it may be possible to fully back up a samsung device through odin , though we have not been able to get it working . doing so would allow you to backup your stock rom and restore it in perfect condition . via odin you can also flash a stock firmware image , completely obliterating any trace of rooting . this also might not be perfect , depending on where you get the firmware image &mdash ; some of them are re-packed ota updates and so on , and different from any " real " odin package samsung might use internally . the problem is not with the real data on your phone , though ; as noted it is easy to go back to stock and leave no trace of rooting . there is a counter that gets incremented when you flash your phone with odin . it is possible to reset this counter , but that increments another counter . samsung does check this counter sometimes so you should flash with clockworkmod or mobile odin to avoid that . if you brick your phone , that is certainly your fault and i would not expect help from the carrier/manufacturer . if you need them to fix a cracked screen or something i would not expect them to care about any flashing you may have done , though who knows . that said , i of course am not encouraging you to void your warranty ; that is up to you .
likely the wpa_supplicant file is corrupted . if you are rooted , you might be able to use an app like titanium backup to wipe the data for it . if you are not rooted , i am not sure what all you can wipe . you can try and wipe the settings database ( settings -> apps -> all -> settings -> wipe data , which might include the file , but i do not know for sure ( this will obviously erase all your android settings ) . . but you should be able to fix it by performing a factory reset/data wipe ( settings -> backup and reset -> factory data reset ) . google should remember your apps and automatically install them once you type your password back in , and all your sdcard content should stay untouched .
the reason can be find in appbrain faq : 4 . i cannot find some apps , what is going on ? it always says " the requested item could not be found " . appbrain lists applications that are available in the us that are available for android version 1.6 and up for devices with a normal screen size . developers can restrict availability of apps by country , android version and screen size . this means that if you are not in the usa , have a device with a small screen size ( for instance the htc wildfire or tattoo ) , or when you are not on the latest version of android , you may often get the " not found " message from the android market . so , to give you an example , i am a developer and published an app on android market , that is restricted to france and germany , so users from those country will find it on android market , but not on appbrain , who lists only us applications .
this version of google talk can be downloaded from http://goo-inside.me/gapps/ . the current version is gapps-gb-20110828-newtalk-signed . zip . details can be found in rootzwiki at http://wiki.rootzwiki.com/index.php/google_apps#google_talk_with_video.2fvoice_chat
for #1 , it appears that google changed the api for the gmail app , and frederico has disabled that functionality as a result . for #2 , go to the settings in the gmail app and select the account you are using , then uncheck " email notifications " .
settings > lock screen > lock screen widgets > personal message/personal information . that should be what you are looking for if i understand correctly .
you can use filtering to include only the selected app 's messages by the tag ( s ) used . use the syntax adb logcat YourTag:I *:S to show logcat output only from YourTag and hide all others . you can have multiple tags also , just separate them with space and have the *:S entry as last . if you need to get all messages from multiple tags in the same app , you have to fish out the pid . if you use linux/osx , you can use the command : adb logcat | grep `adb shell ps | grep com.android.example | cut -c10-15`  or you can check out proclogcat and use : adb logcat | proclogcat 
did you try wifi mapper ?
you could try " wifi maps light " for android , available for free in google play .
i had a couple of undesirable contacts , on my frequently contacted list , on hangouts as well . i was signed into my account and went to contacts . google . com on the left side , there is a " most contacted " option that you need to click on ( it is underneath " circles" ) . from there it will show you a list of people that you have contacted most frequently . when i deleted the offending contacts , they were removed from hangouts . i have a nexus 7 so hopefully these tips will help you out .
long press on the contacts name when using hangouts from your phone . you will then have the option to hide the contact . the contact will then no longer show up in your frequently contacted list . if it is a contact that you do not want in your hangouts list at all , go to your gmail account and delete them that way .
you can use automateit to enable/disable airplane mode on a schedule . this may be easier than finding a custom alarm clock .
gentle alarm does that . at night , when you set the alarm , it goes into flight mode . when the alarm kicks off in the morning , it takes itself off flight mode .
i had this problem . apparently when you boot into recovery with the 3-button-method , you can not install zips . no idea why . solutions to try : enable Reboot into Recovery in power menu . first , enable Developer Options by going to Settings &gt; About phone &gt; tap Build number a bunch of times . then go to Settings &gt; Developer Options &gt; Advanced Reboot . then power down and select Reboot into Recovery . this option never appeared on the power menu for me . no idea why . use adb to reboot into recovery . enable usb ( android ) debugging via Developer Options . i gave root access to apps and adb also . plug device into usb port on laptop with adb . enter this into your terminal : adb reboot recovery  if you have not installed adb , i would try here first if you are on ubuntu or debian : http://wiki.cyanogenmod.org/w/doc:_adb_intro
my solution was to flash back to factory rom ( eh03 gingerbread ) . reinstalled cwm and su , then flashed cm 10.1 once more from sd card . cwm returns to boot option menu after install , at which point i installed gapps before rebooting into fresh flash of 10.1 - problem solved .
not sure if you managed to resolve this but i had the same problem and found a fix . first , i had to flash using rt4formatter , then mount /system and then flash the google apps . this worked for some of my google services but still missing google play and and other things . only gmail and calender were installed .
the " error mounting /system " line seems a bit off as i believe that is where the gapps update is applied . if you mount /system manually , what happens ? you will find the option at ' mounts and storage ' > '- mount /system ' if you are successful in mounting it , try installing the gapps zip file again .
do you aware of these , 20130812 md5: 5f22f046e37038a3856eeb825e73d4ed not compatible with 4.3 . x ! not recommended for 4.2.1 . does not include gallerygoogle , meaning no photosphere-equipped camera app . gmail added to package ( for those who could not download through play store ) and updated to 4.5.2-714156 . google+ added to package ( to fix location map tiles bug ) and updated to 4.1.0.50809204 . google play services updated to 3.2.25 . google play store updated to 4.3.11 . google search updated to 2.6.7.721924 . talkback updated to 3.4.0 . for more details please refer this link
this means the sd card has not been fully checked and mounted , and the app you are trying to run is on the sd . that is why you see the icon , but can not run it for awhile .
try disabling security checks in security preferences goto settings-> more -> security -> uncheck verify apps and check unknown sources
did you tried google android rooting ? is there something in the articles that your do not understand ? rooting means allowing an application to gain root privilege . this is usually done by hacking the existing kernel or flashing a new kernel . some devices locked the bootloader , you have to " unlock the bootloader " first in order to flash a new kernel . as for updates , enthusiasts port the latest aosp to various devices . xda forum is a great source for these custom roms ( and rooting/flashing info ) . warning : rooting , unlocking bootloader and flashing custom roms may void your warranty .
if you do not use them , there is no point in updating them . the only benefit of updating would be that they will stop giving annoying reminders to update - at least until their next update . many of these bloatware/crapware additions can not be removed without rooting the phone . however , many of them will respond to a force stop after which they will not prompt you to update until you reboot your phone . the really annoying ones are those that restart after a force stop . most updates increase the amount of memory used by the app . leave them alone if you do not want them . in terms of security updates , if the app is not running then it is not a risk .
you might consider disabling those apps ( starting with ics , that is possible for some but not all ) . this way you had solve multiple of your issues : no more update reminders app becomes unavailable , so it is no longer shown in the app drawer being disabled , they should also no longer provide an " attack vector " if that is not possible for some apps via settings → applications ( check the " all " tab there to see pre-installed apps ) , and rooting is an option , you can still freeze them with apps like titanium backup to achieve the same .
you probably do not have the version that includes a gsm modem . i guess you want to set up an ad-hoc local wifi network ? the non-gsm variants do not offer tethering options because there is obviously no point in tethering when the device lacks the functionality for a gsm mobile data connection . alas , some rarer use cases like set up a local wifi accesspoint without internet access or usb-tethering the wifi connection are also not possible then . only rooted devices or 3rd party firmwares like cyanogenmod offers this .
using a root explorer application , navigate to /system/etc and delete anything that is named hosts including any backups , then restart the device . you may also need to clear the facebook app data as well .
go to the applications menu in settings -- at least that what i think it is called on gingerbread , on on ics it is just apps -- select the facebook app and clear the cache as well as the data . then go to the /Android folder on your sd card and delete anything starting with com.facebook . finally , reboot your phone . if your problem was related to the facebook app it should now be fixed .
the filtered contacts list solves this problem , but unfortunately if you are like me you are constantly needing to look at the larger list of contacts and you will not remember to turn the filter back on afterwards . so when you get back into the car , it will start sending the whole list again . i just found a workaround . there are a ton of alternative contact apps in the marketplace that will sync to your gmail contacts . i installed go contacts ex https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.jbapps.contactprofeature=search_result#?t=w251bgwsmswyldesimnvbs5qymfwchmuy29udgfjdhbybyjd it appears that the bluetooth address book is only controlled by the stock contacts app , which i have left filtered . i banished the stock app from my home screen/launcher . all good now .
someone posted a how-to recently to do exactly what you are asking for . you will need a few tools to get started here , and luckily they are available for windows , mac , and linux . this method uses dropbox and picasa3 to keep things synced up , and a side benefit is that photos are available from anywhere -- not just the device that took them . to get started , you need to install the dropbox client on your home computer . if you already have a dropbox account , you can use the same login and you will find that having dropbox installed on your computer is a good thing anyway . just visit this link and download the correct version for your computer platform . install it , and you are done with the first step . next , you will need to install the picasa3 program from google . it is a pretty good photo organizer and viewer , but what we are interested in is the way it can sync a folder to your google+ photos . this is where the magic will happen . visit this link and download the appropriate version , and install it . windows and mac users have it easy , but if you are running linux you will need to install wine 1.3 or higher , and use winetools to install the bits from ie6 to get the account oauth working . there is plenty of tutorials on the net for this , and if you hit a snag , holler at me . got those installed ? good . you are just about finished . the next step is to visit instadrop and setup the instagram to dropbox sync . instadrop is a web-app , running on google 's appspot engine , and is what makes this all work . you will link the instadrop app to both your instagram account and your dropbox account , and anytime you post a picture to instagram it will get copied to a folder named " instagram photos " . all you need to do is link your accounts , and the app does the rest . you can do that here , and if you are the suspicious type , you can inspect the source code on github and see exactly what is going on . a couple final steps setting up picasa and your google+ album . open the picasa program , and click file > add folder to picasa . in your dropbox folder , find the instagram photo directory ( if it is not there , upload a picture to instagram to create it ) in the tree and mark it to " scan always " ( the blue circular arrow ) . this means that picasa will hit that folder each time it scans for new content , and automagically import any pictures it finds . click the ok button . now in the picasa program , look in the upper right . you will see a spot to sign-in with your google account . do that , and make sure the sync to web switch for the instagram photos folder is set to on . open your google+ page , and make sure the instagram photos album is set up to be shared with the folks you want to share it with , and that is it . what is happening is that anytime you post a picture to your instagram stream , the instadrop web-app pushes it to the instagram photos folder in your dropbox . when your computer is on , picasa uploads it to your google+ album . is it perfect ? not by a long shot . but it is a way to get that content merged without waiting for google to have a public api for content posting and sharing on g+ from third party apps . note that these pictures are not shared to your google+ stream be default . until we get some sort of g+ api from google , that is not going to happen ( at least not easily ) . but if you share your album , people can visit and check them out , and of course you can easily share a photo from the album yourself . click on it and hit the share button in the bottom right .
you can use ifttt ( if this than that ) and setup a recipe that auto posts from instagram to a specific picasa album online . this does not require you to leave anything open . then you can set your instagram album in google+ to be public . you will need to follow the directions found here . the only thing i have not figured out yet is how to share something to my timeline whenever a new post arrives into that album .
there is a 2x2 picture widget . drag it to your home screen . here 's what it would look like :
you can do this with my free app showr . with showr , you can choose a picture from another app ( such as the gallery or dropbox ) , you can take it directly with any camera app , or you can have it download from the internet and update by your schedule . showr lets you resize the widget to any size . you can also set what happens when you click on the photo widget : you might want to view the photo in the gallery , or start some other app , or launch a website . and because i am active on this site , you know it is going to be easy to get help if you need it .
i would suggest using iptables . you can find more about theme here - definitely take a look into simple usage example . https://help.ubuntu.com/community/internet/connectionsharing the only one problem is that iptables binary is not really built-in into android . but hey , they came up with solution already http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=444004 so you can even use the example from ubuntu help now !
modern touchscreens consist of two parts : the digitizer : this is transparent and detects the touch events . the lcd : this is the screen and its kinda silver . the digitizer and lcd are glued and are difficult to separate cleanly . it appears that you have removed a chunk of the lcd as well . the lcd and the digitizer are also sold as a single unit , glued together , so that they are easier to assemble .
turns out that uninstalling and reinstalling the drivers solves the issue . the strange part is that before i uninstalled the drivers , the name on the driver said it was for a samsung galaxy device , which the nexus 4 clearly is not .
have a backup of your system in case of problems . root your tablet if not already rooted . install a file manager with system r/w capability . copy the framework-res . apk from wherever you have it stored to \system . do not copy the file to \system\framework at this point or you will cause the system to bootloop . change the file permissions to rw-r--r-- . move framework-res . apk from \system to \system\framework , letting it overwrite the original . you will have been successful if the phone does not instantly reboot upon copying . completely power down your phone , then power it back up .
in gsm/cdma auto mode , the mobile uses its energy to keep updated on the network that surrounds you . that is why many people complain heavy battery useage when on gsm/cdma auto mode . in finding a cdma network it would try to switch to that network . and at this moment you experience a disconnection for few milliseconds . the ideal way would be to manual switch between the two . gsm when you are on calls and cdma when you are performing heavy data operations . if you got rooted phone you can use cyanogenmode controls to setup this effortlessly .
yes , the nexus 7 allows the installation of 3rd party apps . settings/security/unknown sources
what you are asking is officially known in the android community as sideloading . the most " difficult " thing is to get a copy of the apk file of the app you wish to install , as you are bypassing the google play store . a very good comprehensive and informative article written recently on september 15th 2012 for make use of entitled " how to manually install ( “side load” ) apps on your android device " by d . stieben will give you additional insight into what you wish to achieve .
i had a htc desire hd and no problem connecting to my car radio ( sony xplod ) via the front usb port , provided the htc was set up to connect via ' disk drive ' . the problem i see with the s3 is that this ( or similar ) option does not exist . the radio sees the connection and tries to load but nothing happens . i could ( untried yet ) connect via the aux jack , but then i would need to cables instead of one . one step forward and 2 steps back .
i developed an app named soundabout to route audio is different scenarios . it has a media audio setting called " aux digital " that may help your situation .
yes and no . the fact that your galaxy s3 does not support mass storage mode means that you cannot play audio files stored on the s3 with the radio , like you could with a usb stick . ( if your car 's radio supports mass storage , that is . ) however , the other type of usb connection , allowing your iphone to be controlled by your car 's radio is an apple accessory connection . this is a protocol for communication between apple devices such as the ipod and iphone and accessories like your car 's radio . android currently does not support the apple accessory connection , but has it is own protocol for communication with usb accessories . it might be technically possible to create a solution for android to allow it to speak with apple accessories , but currently ( as far as i am aware ) no such solution exists .
maybe your memory can not access by your music system -- so try like this : when you plug in please check notification , may be your cell phone got in charging mode and mass storage is used by some other resource . so from notification disconnect logically your cell and then try to start play music with music play from mobile itself with connected music player system . hope it works .
as both eldarerathis and paul redert have mentioned , it seems that the usb port on your juke is designed to support two types of usb connection : 1 ) mass storage mode , where it reads an attached usb peripheral as a logical drive and searches for compatible media files , and 2 ) idevice accessory mode , where it attempts to communicate with and apple device over a proprietary protocol . cnet has an article from 2010 describing the different ways android phones can connect to a vehicle ( as of 2010 , of course ) . while most of it will tell you what you already know , i thought their compromise solution might be applicable : . . . during our testing of the 2010 acura tsx v-6 , we were able to pair our motorola droid via bluetooth for phone calls and pandora radio while using the usb port for charging . when we wanted to listen to locally stored audio , we simply mounted the usb connection and used the acuralink receiver to browse our folders . likewise , a user could do the same thing with a vehicle that has an auxiliary input and a usb connection , but no bluetooth . it is sounding like mass storage mode might not be an option for your sgsiii , but using the juke 's usb connection for power to offset the use of bluetooth for media might be a way to accomplish what you want . if you are worried about forgetting to turn off bluetooth , you could look at ways to instruct the phone to remember for you . my personal favorite is tasker , and setting up simple profiles for turning on and off bluetooth under specific conditions could be as simple as two one-line tasks .
i have been googling this problem for a few days now . it appears to be based in some startup bug wherein the launcher app scans for existing applications before the sd card ( internal or external ) is mounted . first off , use filemanager or equivalent to look at your sd card 's contents . if you see some grey icons with the app names or " com . [ appname ] " , then you are suffering from this bug . there are a variety of work-arounds posted in various forums -- too many for me to provide links here . rumor has it that ics 4.04 and jellybean may have fixed the bug . in the meantime , you might want to try link2sd and/or cautious use of tools like app2sd which promise to tell the user which apps should not be moved .
if you do not want to muck about wirelessly , why not just take the sd card out of your phone and insert it into your pc ? you can then fiddle with files to your heart 's content .
install astro file manager with astro bluetooth module . go to networks page of astro file manager ( using toolbar ) and tap bluetooth icon . on next screen , turn on bluetooth and check OBEX FTP Server . after pairing , use bluetooth software on pc to browse file system of device ( almost all software work as obex ftp client ) . you can copy an entire folder from device to pc . done !
open bluetooth settings , go to shared folder tab , check box for ' allow remote devices to change content of shared folder ' . enjoy ridiculously fast file sharing .
replacing the screen is not really a job you can do yourself : it is very fiddly and usually needs special tools . you can take it to a repair shop and they can replace the screen ( if they have the replacement screen for your model of phone ) , but this is usually expensive . because the screen is one of the most expensive components of the phone , and labour costs are expensive , replacing the screen might cost as much as replacing the whole phone . you do not know what else might have been damaged by hitting that concrete . if the broken screen is the only damage , then replacing it will make the phone work again . but if the phone 's internal components have been damaged too , it may not be possible to replace them . the repair shop should be able to tell you when they have examined the phone .
the samsung galaxy siii does not have fastboot mode , unfortunately . instead there is a " download " mode for flashing with a proprietary windows/mac app called odin . ( source )
i have ended up installing mobile odin and just performing a recovery with the clockwork mod if the kernel kills the phone ( which is all i have managed to do so far ) thanks for your help
have you tried using appbrain http://www.appbrain.com/ it has all the apps from the android market but it also lets you push installs from your computer .
if you can download from your pc without stalling* , you can then copy the .apk over to your phone and open/install from the file-system . *q : how to initate android download in a pc browser ? a : i do not know , but it is possible for other markets , anyway )
a usb connector has two pins for 5v and two for the data signal . seems like the first are still connected while the latter are not . have you tried another cable and restarted your pc ? it is also possible that the phone 's socket is damaged or has connectiviy problems . it is soldered onto the phone 's logic board . did you once drop it with the cable inserted ?
okay so it has dawned on me that the reason why the shutter action on tasker does not seem to work . it seems to be the stock rom i was using before . now that i am using an aosp rom , it works quite flawlessly . so yeah , it might have been the rom .
do you have any custom keyboards installed ? i have found that when i pair the external bluetooth keyboard ( tried two models ) the phone errors and reports you must change back to the standard samsung ime keyboard before the it will type . you can manually change the input method with the hot key inside any writing app , but the message will reappear and convert the keyboard back to samsung ime .
launcherpro preferences notes : here 's one to get us started that i took from fede 's forum post . it opens up the launcherpro preferences screen . form fields : action : android . intent . action . main package name : com . fede . launcher class name : com . fede . launcher . launcherpreferencesactivity
after investigating the question i linked above , i found the following page ( translating from germain ) , where the authors determined that the majority of common android apps they tested did not send passwords in the cleartext : http://www.heise.de/mobil/artikel/sicherheit-von-apps-fuer-android-und-iphone-1103681.html?artikelseite=6 turns out this is not as helpful as gathrawn 's answer above ; i did not understand the full ramifications of cookies .
if you use the android web browser to access any sites that you have logged into and that do not use an ssl encrypted page while you are browsing them , then you should be very paranoid . have a read up about the firesheep add-on to firefox , it uses the fact that on an open , unencrypted wifi connection anyone can listen to anyone else who is connected 's network traffic . it listens out for cookies that other people 's laptops and phones send out while they are browsing , grabs those cookies and lets you use them to log into a vast list of websites as that person . it does not need to capture login names or passwords , so it does not matter if you are careful about not entering your password into anything over an open connection . all it needs is your cookie and then it can log someone else into your facebook , or gmail , or twitter , amazon ( they can even place one-click orders on your behalf ) etc . boingboing has slightly more on what this demonstrates about web security . the scary thing is that firesheep does not do anything magic . it just makes a process that anyone could do ( listening to open wifi traffic , and spotting the interesting bits ) and makes it one-click easy .
as afrazier also said i use sms backup+ to automatically backup my sms/mms and call log to gmail . this has the side benefit that it is very easy to access all your messages , etc and search through them when you are sitting at a pc . great for finding those directions that you know a friend sent you a few months ago ! i also use lifesaver every now and then , which does a one-click backup of your messages and calls to your sd card . it is very handy to get your history back if you change phones , or need to factory reset yours , or wipe it for any other reason ( like putting custom roms on ) .
i have used backitup pro successfully -- it is one of very few apps i have found that can backup/restore mms across roms . mybackup pro is another popular app . i have no experience with it personally though . titanium backup is very nice for a lot of things , but for call logs and sms , i am not sure it is portable across roms . it looks like it is simply backing up the sqlite dbs directly . there is a " data migration " option that is been added recently , but it looks like it is a pro-only feature . perhaps someone who is tried it can chime in with their experience . there is also call log backup and restore and sms backup and restore , which are free apps . they back up to xml files , so should be highly portable across roms . edit : i had a chance to test the " restore " features last night with my wife 's droid . i switched her from ruby 1.1.1 to cyanogenmod 6.1.0 , and took the opportunity to wipe her phone and start it fresh . the call log backup and restore and sms backup and restore apps worked perfectly . finally , there is sms backup+ , which copies sms/mms and calls logs to your gmail account .
titanium backup is probably the best . it can back up and restore data like smss and call logs . it can back up the apps themselves too , which is much easier than making a list ( or trying to remember ) and manually restoring them . there are others but i do not think any can compare to tb .
yes , you can set up multiple google accounts on your device and gmail will handle them with aplomb . you may have to have the play store account be the " main " account , just for ease of use , but you can easily add the account ( s ) where you have your email and/or calendar information . you can also selectively choose which account syncs gmail , calendar , etc .
as al e stated you can add multiple gmail accounts to the gmail app and set them to only sync the email . another option would be to open gmail in your browser .
the issue turned out to be the driver . i went onto samsung 's website and re-downloaded the usb driver and re-installed it . everything went fine .
i would suggest a 3rd-party app such as widget locker . dev offers great support , and this application is consistently updated . it also works very well , and is customizable to your needs .
for security reasons , you can not access normal apps from the lock screen : you can only access lock screen widgets . they are like home screen widgets , but the app they come from has designated them as suitable for the lock screen : they may have better ways to keep sensitive data hidden than normal home screen widgets . not all samsung phones support lock screen widgets . for example , the galaxy s iii does not ( unless you install a 3rd-party lock screen app , or a custom rom ) , because its lock screen was designed before google added lock screen widgets to android . the galaxy s4 does , though , so you just need to add the widget of your choice to it !
assume you are using the android file transfer program from http://www.android.com/filetransfer as that is the best way to transfer files on osx . if you just drag files into that directory it opens by default , the files might not show . on the " android file transfer " app choose the " download " directory which is the best place to store a file , then drag files into that directory . this directory is accessible by all programs that have access to the internal storage .
i do not know much about the android debug bridge , but i guess hard reset ( simple ) can do the trick for you . i have a solution with me right now , actually i had some sort of issues on my gs2 , so i bookmarked the forum where i had found the solution , here it have a look:- http://howmobile.net/samsung/2150-how-hard-reset-samsung-galaxy-s2.html it worked like a charm for me and i hope will do the same for you and other who are looking for a galaxy s2 hard reset procedure . thanx
you cannot issue adb remount unless your handset is rooted , which is why it failed in your case a la " remount failed : operation not permitted " . there is an answer to how to root the galaxy s2 .
being that you get a t-mobile graphic then i would say yes you have a branded desire . having said that my father has a branded o2 desire and he has already received the froyo update ( today - monday ) . i too have an o2 branded desire , but i have not received froyo yet which i suspect is because i am on a business plan with o2 , whereas my father has a personal plan .
i think all that matters is which phone you have and which carrier you are on . updates are always pushed out by the carriers to their subscribers . so , vodaphone will send out the update to all desire 's on their network , including yours , and you will be good to go . if there is an issue when the time comes , then a quick call to your carrier should sort it out .
the app-like icons are most probably thumbnails saved in system for various images . what you can do , is image copy program to only look for image files in specific folders ( e . g . dcim folder on sdcard ) , as now it seems image program is scanning android phone for all images to copy them . other than that , different applications can be creating those thumbnail files and they are here to speedup browsing of image files on your phone . i do not think there is any uniform way of disabling these across android system and applications , thus you should try setting up software which downloads images .
after new problems on other devices , i decided to reset my livebox . there is no problem anymore ! my phone can connect to the wifi : )
in latest version of gmail you can specify notifications based on labels . create a filter in gmail 's web interface and assign it to a label . on your android device , open the gmail app , press menu key and go to More -&gt; Settings tap on your account , scroll down and tap on the " sync inboxes and labels " option . tap on the label you created in step 1 , and change the preference to " sync last 4 days " or " sync all . " go back one step , scroll down and tap on the " labels to notify " option . tap on the label name from step 1 , and set the notification options to your liking ( custom ringtone , vibration , etc . )
you can use one trick . use filters in gmail to put a label on the message with that particular word . now in gmail app go to settings -> notifications . you will see option to set notification as per the label .
google reader allows choice of external program ( via intent ) to play audio .
please attempt the following : delete the entire .thumbnails folder delete the /sdcard/Android/data/com.android.gallery3d folder go to Settings-&gt;Apps-&gt;All and select the Gallery app . select clear data . go to Settings-&gt;Apps-&gt;All and select the Media Storage app . select clear data . reboot your device . this will completely erase all data from the gallery app , and if you open it before you reboot you should notice that you have no thumbnails . they will be generated on boot .
from what i have read this is a known " issue " with the s4 . when using pin security you can not change any lock screen widgets either . if i was sure that my fitbit flex would continue to work with the s4 i would have flashed cyanogenmod onto my s4 ( they have been producing nightly versions for the s4 for a couple of weeks now ) .
factory-resetting twice is pointless . the first factory reset will already wipe all user data : the second will not delete anything that was not already deleted by the first . encrypting the device is also a waste of time , because you have already factory-reset the device . it might make some sense if you were the seller of the phone , and you wanted to overwrite the internal storage several times to make sure the buyer could not recover your data , but that is the opposite of what you want . a single factory reset will delete all the user data , giving you a clean slate . if you are worried about the previous owner having left a backdoor in the os , then ensure the bootloader is locked and flash the stock rom yourself . this way you are sure to have a clean os . if you suspect the buyer has enough skill to backdoor the bootloader so that it will also make changes to the new os as you flash it , and also disable signature verification so that it will still boot but looks like the bootloader is locked , then just do not buy a phone from them . if you think they are that good , and that desperate to get hold of your data , then they will find a way around whatever you do . you just can not trust the device at all in that case .
the apps you see when long-pressing the " home " button ( or with newer devices , the " multitask " button with the two rectangles ) are not the " currently active " , but the " recently used " apps . with android 4.0 and higher , you can simply swipe them out of that list -- which will not only remove them from the list , but also " kindly ask them " to close themselves . for details on what happens with apps swiped out of this list , please see what actually happens when you swipe an app out of the recent apps list ?
turns out i was not in fastboot mode :| ( yes , terrible mistake ) . i was able to flash after getting into fastboot mode .
try the graffiti handwriting app . there is a ( surprisingly short ) learning curve if you have not used a palm pda but it uses less screen estate than a keyboard , has " all " characters and , at least for me , allows faster typing .
have you tried hacker 's keyboard application ?
take a look at touchqode . it comes with a virtual keyboard specifically for programming .
make sure you have the official drivers installed from samsung.com, then reboot your device and pc and try again . you can also try putting it into download mode before using kies : remove the battery hold volumedown plus the home key plus power . while holding , reinsert the battery . release the power button , still holding the others , about 1 second after the white " gt-i9000" text appears . after a few seconds a yellow triangle with an android in it should appear , this is download mode . if it does not , try this again while holding power the whole time .
i do not think so . usually repartitioning solves this kind of issue , so it is strange that the reverse was true . i have seen recommendations that you should do a factory reset before and after flashing a new rom , so you might want to try that .
photosync is set as " on " by default imo . anyways read this
yes , using airplane mode will reduce power drain , as the commentors have already answered . but this approach can not be considered call standby , because you will not receive calls . from the point of view of cellular operator , your phone behaves exactly as if shut down . switching to airplane mode shuts down the cellular connection , including voice and data , but it also turns off wi-fi and bluetooth . note that you can turn any of them on in airplane mode , but this will put extra load on the battery . except from radio , the major power consumer is the screen . actually , typically it uses much more power than all the radios together . if you want to keep running longer , set brightness to minimum , set " screen off " timeout to minimum , and avoid turning the screen too often . if you have an amoled device , e.g. galaxy nexus , the display power request depends on the actual brightness of the screen . if you choose a darker theme , or switch your book reader to " night mode " , you can reduce the battery drain . of all colors except black , red uses the least power . see description of a special app that boasts battery life improvement by applying color filter and adjusting the brightness : http://www.azzamtranslator.com/lux-auto-brightness-manual-or-auto-screen-brightness-adjustments-according-to-time-or-environment/ . note that airplane mode does not disable gps . gps is not running on its own , so disabling it in location settings will not effect the battery life , but if some app , like maps or camera decides to check your location too often , this may become very significant . without cellular or wi-fi , gps can actually need even more power , because it will not have the crude location estimate to begin from . other than that , any app that runs in background can wake the cpu up and consume more power . use a task manager to shut down applications that you do not need in your " standby " mode . this is especially important if you decide not to switch to airplane mode , because the apps in background can not usually do much if they do not have access to internet . if you choose not to switch to airplane mode , there are other things you should be aware of . turn off system synch and turn off cellular data . set "2g only " if this is available on your phone and on your network . shut down any unused background apps . do not wake the screen up too often . finally , android includes a nice utility ( in settings/battery ) that displays power consumption by different components of the system , in percent : many system tools available on the play store feature similar or improved versions of this monitor .
i use an app called airdroid . you install it on your phone , and then also install a chrome extension ( there may be other versions for the computer , the chrome extension is the most universal for me ) . this app lets me see the screen of my phone , receive messages , and operate apps . i do not know the full reliability of it because i still use my phone by itself most of the time since i can , but you can look into it and see all that it really has to offer . i think it could really help you out .
if you have got a separate device running the same ( or higher ) version of android , there would be an option alongside sid 's answer . you would not need the full sdk , just adb itself ( see : is there a minimal installation of adb ? ) . then you could use adb backup -f myname.ab -apk &lt;com.app.name&gt; to backup your app and its data ( replace &lt;com.app.name&gt; by the app 's package name , to be found e.g. in its url on the google play page , following the id= ) , and adb restore myname.ab to install it on the other device . however , some conditions must be met : your xperia z must at least run android 4.0 usb debugging must already be turned on on your xperia z ( from your description , it sounds like that could be the case : been through the folders on it using the laptop ) the second device also must run android 4.0+ -- best the same as or a higher version than the source device that provided , and followed above steps , you then could start the app on the second device and access its data . edit : from ott 's comment below i just notice i have missed an important point : the entire procedure only works if you have used adb backup before , and set up a desktop password for it ( e . g . holo backup works this way ) . so this will probably be no solution for you in your current situation -- but you might wish to be prepared this way for ( hopefully never happening ) future cases .
since your screen is smashed and touch screen capability is gone , you may not be able to use apps like airdroid , as varnerbeast14 has suggested . instead you can use a service like droid@screen . follow the steps below to view your screen . install java jre ( or jdk ) , version 6 or later install android sdk run its sdk manager and install the platform tools set the environment variable android_home to point to the installation directory of the android sdk install usb drivers for your own android device , by getting it from the vendor’s support web page download and install the latest version of droid@screen configure your device to allow usb debugging ( settings-> developer options -> usb debugging ) plug in the usb cable between your device and pc launch droid@screen
the xperia z supports usb otg so you can use a computer mouse to access the screen by connecting it to the phone with a ' male micro usb to female usb otg ' cable . no setup required just connect it up and use the mouse to enter your passcode and do anything else you need to . once unlocked you can connect it to your pc to copy everything across or use the mouse to access an app .
with android 4 . x you can disable carrier installed applications by going to the settings -> applications and select the app . you should then see " disable " for the application . now , samsung has found a way to prevent some applications to not be disabled , like their launcher , email client , stock browser . you can also go to settings -> data usage and select the application and choose " restrict background data " . this will prevent the application from using the mobile network , but if you are on wifi , it will allow it network access .
the lockerpro app was reseting my screen lock time to 15 seconds . ( the android system should offer a way to check who is changing the system settings )
even more useful information can be obtained from parted . an example when the block device is /dev/block/mmcblk0:
i believe you want : cat /proc/mtd . also useful : mount .
here 's a thought . block all incoming calls , except for ones with your gv number . set your gv cid to gv number , then use gv call screen function to tell who is calling . note , though , callers will only be asked for their name , if they call from a number not in your google contacts . as a side note , thinking of setting my fiance phone to this , as her sister will not use gv , thus eating up her minutes .
not blocking per se , but depending on your carrier you can have your regular number always forward to your google voicemail . some information here : http://www.google.com/support/voice/bin/answer.py?hl=enanswer=164652 and here : http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/voice/thread?tid=00a93855af6943b4
i suppose one way to do this would be with a general call blocking app . i use mr . number call block on my phone , and you could set it up with the following rules : block all calls add your gv number as an exception to the blocking rule that should allow you to basically block all calls that do not originate from you gv number . the downside to this would be that blocked calls would not get forwarded through gv 's call service , but rather would get sent to voicemail ( or you could choose to have it automatically answer-> hang up to block the calls completely ) . for outgoing calls you should just be able to use the settings in the gv app . my evo has an option do use gv for all outgoing calls , though i am not sure if other phones do , to be honest .
looks like all you need is here ; http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1085725 there you can download the kernels , and the scripts and lordmodue app to use them .
dolphin browser hd has the ability to save the current site that you are viewing : More -&gt; Save Site 
check this forum . it is dedicated to the development for custom rooted roms on gt-i55 series . there are roms for i5508 , i5500 , i5503 . maybe slight modification may port it to i5510 . you should ask the dev team for some assistance .
i would like to try cyanogenmod but my phone is not in the list of supported phones , is there anything i can do ? if you had search more carefully , you had find this topic ( link ) . there is cyanogenmod for your phone . but this firmware in early alpha stage of porting . another great link . if i do not like some rom i installed i can uninstall it and go back to the default rom or any other , right ? yes , you are right . also i would note that there is not dedicated uninstall procedure , but you always can reflash your phone to another rom version , including original stock rom . if i get to root my phone without troubles , can installing the rom break it or my only risk is with the rooting ? the most risky part is , of course , flashing . because if something goes wrong , you may get bricked phone . but usually everything is ok . also android supports recovery boot mode which can help in case of unsuccesful flashing .
firstly , it is not an official update . secondly , to fix this error you need boot your phone into recovery mode ( press power + volume up + home ) . after that , move the cursor down to " wipe data/factory reset " and select " ok " ( yes to all ) . then select " wipe cache partition " and " ok " ( yes to all ) . finally , select " reboot system now " .
i do not think you have installed update provided by samsung . i am samsung s ii plus owner in india and i didnt get any ota update yet . this problem might be due to corrupted rom . roll up to the previous rom it'll work cheers !
i would suggest you to go back to 4.1.2 using odin and then try to update back to 4.2.2 . here is the link to the official 4.1.2 rom http://hotfile.com/dl/201564582/e4fdddc/samsung-updates.com-gt-i9105-inu-i9105ddamc2-1363593737.zip.html
the play . google . com link you post is the correct form for linking to an app , and it is the documented solution recommended by google .
it might be worth a try to install android ide ( aide ) - to quote a brief summary : aide is an integrated development environment ( ide ) for developing real android apps directly on android devices . aide supports the full edit-compile-run cycle however , typing on a device might make it cumbersome unless its a tablet form factor with bluetooth keyboard attached to save the pain in typing . edit as per @izzy 's comment below , terminal ide is another such app , this one points to google play store , however i got a 500 error trying to access the page below within the comment ! cheers for that \o/
lightest way is to not install anything at all and simply use a website , such as ideone .
found a possible solution from android central questions give it a shot . specifically , this post says to do the following : when pairing the keyboard with your device , it will prompt you to enter a pin and say " try 0000 or 1234 . " you need to : step 1 ) enter "0000" on your android device ( tablet or phone keyboard ) step 2 ) hit " okay " step 3 ) type "0000" and hit enter on your bluetooth keyboard
normally , android should not need a separate app for that , you are quite correct with that . and normally , it does not . but sometimes a little trouble may arise with specific combinations , like e.g. keyboards having a weird layout . as you write you have got the keyboard basically working , just the layout is screwed : i recommend you taking a look at external keyboard helper , which lets you adjust a lot of things to your needs , amongst others the keyboard layout . though i never used it myself , i already recommended it with a similar question -- and no , i am in no way affiliated with this app : )
your emails might be set up as " auto resend " . go into email options , and select none .
speaking of gparted , i assume you have a linux computer available . so steps to be performed are quite simple -- speaking of an external sdcard : unmount the card from your android device , and take it out put it into a card reader , attach it to your linux computer . mount it there . copy all contents into an empty directory on your linux machine . from the command line , you can use the cp command for that to ensure everything is copied : cp -a &lt;/path/to/source&gt; &lt;/path/to/target&gt; ( replace &lt;/path/to/source&gt; with where you have mounted the card , and &lt;/path/to/target&gt; with your empty directory 's path ; for details on the cp command , run man cp or see its man-page on the net ) optional : check that everything was copied fine . if there were no errors displayed in the previous step , it should have worked fine . if your card has multiple partitions containing data , repeat the previous two steps for each of them . use gparted ( or whatever tool of your preference ) to drop and re-create partitions as needed , and re-create the file systems repeat steps 3-5 , reverting source and target ( to get your data back on the sdcard ) unmount your sdcard , safely remove it from the computer , put it back into your android device , and enjoy ! if everything went fine , and all data is available on your device as hoped , optionally remove the " backup directories " created in step 3 . job done : )
my not-so-great solution ended up like this : clockworkmod , installed with odin according to the instructions ( odin seems to be slightly un-official so you are unfortunately always downloading from someone 's box or google drive , which is a bit uncomfortable ) adb shell , ( on pc : install java sdk , install android development kit ) mount the sd card with cwm in the shell , using dd to clone the unmountable partitions i wanted onto the sd , for later recovery using cwm to mount the sd as a usb drive , moving the piece-of-partition to the pc repeat download fresh firmware from sammobile and flash with odin still to do : mount the partitions and go hunting for data there
it sounds like you formatted the card using your computer , or another device . it seems like now your android device does not have proper permissions to write to the card . you can fix this by formatting the card . if you do not want to format the card , just run this on ubuntu or another linux based system : sudo chmod -r o+w /path/to/sdcard  this will recursively give everyone permission to write to the card . if the card is empty , you probably just need to apply this to the root directory , with no recursion : sudo chmod o+w /sdcard/root 
yes , an ebook from android market ( in google books ) has a different format from the kindle . it would seem that you can obtain google books in either epub or pdf ( more information here ) . amazon books are in the azw format . this comes down to personal preference . i have read books on both google books and kindle on my xoom ; i see little to no difference in quality . both can sync to my phone to keep my place . since you have a kindle fire , perhaps sticking in the amazon ecosystem would be a good idea , since you may wish to un-root in the future . there are a lot of pdf readers ; just recently the kindle software was updated to read pdfs . i personally use ezpdf pro for pdf files because of speed and its ability to remember my location in pdf files from read to read . this again , would be personal preference ; however i have loaded mobi into the kindle app without problems . the book acted like any other i had in regards to reading ( except it did not sync across devices and had to be manually uploaded to each of them ) . i would suggest looking at this question as well for more information on ereaders . so , the kindle app does what you want it to do overall ( books , pdfs , and mobi ) and also is a major part of the kindle fire amazon ecosystem they have setup for the device ; and may be the way to go if you decide to revert your fire to its un-rooted state . edit ( addition ) : amazon also seems to like releasing updates that un-root your device ( and prevent further known rooting methods - for now ) . source states that unless you have changed roms , you are susceptible at any time on wifi to get the update .
do a system wipe and reinstall . this significantly sped up my sensation .
/data/user was added in jelly bean as part of multi-user support . each user on the device gets a directory in there named after their user id , and that directory contains each app 's data directory for that user . /data/user/0 is a symlink to /data/data .
as already pointed out in above comments , there are multiple questions on this site offering parts of the solution you might need : how do i transfer all my data to a new phone ? the answer there already covers contacts and text messages , and works even without root . how to transfer apps , contacts and settings between two identical phones ? currently has three answers . #1 should cover most of the data exposed via android 's own apis ( so called service-providers ) , again without root . #2 covers some more areas , again not requiring root . #3 then mentions a very helpful app , which requires root : titanium backup ★ root . i would recommend you taking the payed version of the last mentioned app . while 5 bucks may sound a lot in terms of an android app , you will not ever regret having spend them . tibu was one of the first apps i have bought years ago , and i am still a happy user . using this app , you not only can backup all your apps including their data , but all your messages , contacts , call logs , and whatsnots . even the system settings go along . provided you get back the very same device running the very same android version , you simply can go ahead and batch-restore everything ( pro only ; with the free version , you need to do this manually for each item ) . but even if you switch to a different device or android version : restoring your apps+data goes the very same . just with system apps and their data ( including your apns , wifi hotspots , contacts , text messages , etc . ) you need to take special care . tibu offers a " migration mode " , which i strongly recommend in that case ; but still , some extra care cannot hurt : for your user apps+data , use the batch mode -- no problems to expect there . but for the just mentioned system stuff , better restore items one-by-one using the migration mode , and then check if everything works fine ( even a reboot in between might be required , e.g. after restoring your text messages , contacts , and the like , as android does not expect them coming that way ) . it is just in case . and if something seems " botched " , remember what you restored last -- then do a factory-reset , batch-restore all apps , restore everything up to the point before the " botched " item , and skip to the next . i do not expect any trouble that way . but in case it comes ( thanks to murphy 's law ) , you are welcome to ask that in a new question , giving the details , and we will do our best to help you again .
i believe if i understand your question , the linking between your google account happens automatically ( as it should ) when you log into your google account on your handset , and your contacts all synchronize . however it sounds like some of the merging of duplicates , and what number is the " default " number get lost ? for this i would definitely recommend the gmail application online . all you need is to login from a computer and select " contacts " . then just go under " more actions " and do " find and merge duplicates " that should give you just one contact per person . this is your best option if you have lots of contacts , some are duplicates , or other information not entered or organized correctly . it can be quite time consuming and tedious to do editing from the handset . if this is not what you are asking , you may have to rephrase the question slightly . when you say " sync the default number " that is rather ambiguous sentence . for example , i log into gmail , click contacts , and then select one of my friends . there it shows me the numbers stored on my phone ( in the google cloud ) . if i were to change the numbers shown , that change would be reflected when i grabbed the handset next . are you looking to make one number the default number for that person ? and have it do so automatically ? edit : after doing a little more research , it looks like this question was addressed here at the google forums . the last comment in the list ( by ratgurrl ) mentions exactly this frustration . and despite what you do on the phone , when you resynchronize you lose the preference settings you put in the handset , and the ' default ' will revert to whichever contact number is at the top of the list on that contact in gmail . so the real answer until google addresses this : log into gmail , and move the one you want as the " default " contact to the top of the list .
you could use the stock messaging service by adding numbers seperated by a comma into the recipient box . but in my opinion there is a better option . you can download groupme which let 's you message multiple people at a time . you can choose whether to use sms or your data connection to send the message .
i am on 2.3.5 in the basic " messages " app you can go to the message , clicknhold , view message details . there it shows all recipients . if i just reply it only goes back to the sender . now , others that i know have iphones replied and it went to everyone . . . there is a " reply all " option after you click and hold .
in 4.2.1 ( maybe in 4.2.0 ) there was an option added to the mms application to support multiple recipients . while you may have been able to see them all the way that william stated , i have never seen that option . in 4.2.1 you click on the menu and select " group participants " . this shows everyone that is included in the conversation . when you reply to a group now , it sends the messages to all participants , not just the person that sent you the message . i know this does not relate directly to your question as you are not asking about 4.2 , but i do not know of a way that this can be done in anything pre-4.2 . this feature was discussed a bit because it was the first time android supported this feature . while you could always " start " a group conversation in any version of android , you could not " participate " in a group conversation with anyone other than the original sender .
if your contacts are stored on a sd card you may have a faulty sd card . try moving your contacts to the device storage or sync them to your google contacts .
tap on the contact icon or colored letter according to the starting letter of your mail sender and select multiple mails that you want to delete it !
disclaimer : this is based on the stock email app on a samsung galaxy s4 . if you click on an email quickly , it opens that email . if you long-press on an email , it selects that email without opening it . then if you click another email , it also selects that . now , you have two selected emails . you can then click the delete button to delete both emails .
i would recommend afwall+ as equivalent to a packet filter on a desktop computer . note that afwall+ is just a gui to generate iptables/netfilter ( linux kernel feature ) rules . to apply those rules , afwall+ requires root privileges on the device . afwall+ gives you the possibility to allow/deny certain applications to open outgoing connections over wlan/mobile data ( which can be enabled separately ) . another nice feature of afwall+ is to allow/deny applications to open connections to hosts in your local network . to see what is going on you can use the application network log which can show you the incoming and outgoing connections on your device . this application also uses iptables and requires root privileges .
there is no real firewall in android , but this does not mean you are totally unprotected from the outside . ( there are some measurements from the underlying linux kernel . ) every app chooses it is own ports and decides weather the connections are encrypted . android apps usually do not open any ports , hence the there is not that much of a need for a firewall incoming data is often handled and transmitted through google cloud messaging . ( here i do not know how it works and the data is transferred )
zygote is not really bound up with dalvik , it is just an init process . zygote is the method android uses to start apps . rather than having to start each new process from scratch , loading the whole system and the android framework afresh each time you want to start an app , it does that process once , and then stops at that point , before zygote has done anything app-specific . then , when you want to start an app , the zygote process forks , and the child process continues where it left off , loading the app itself into the vm . although this method was originally designed for dalvik , there is no reason art should not behave exactly the same way . it does not have to jit-compile apps while they are running , but it still has a lot of app-independent java stuff to load ( i.e. . the whole android framework ) , so it makes sense to use the same fork-when-loaded method to start new processes . it is natural on such a large project that there would be other left-overs from dalvik that are still useful in a post-dalvik world , so you should not be surprised that there is other code that was originally written to be part of or to work with dalvik , that is still around for art to use .
it is not quite as seamless , but the ssh binary provided by busybox ( mine , at least ) supports the -i flag , so you can put the key wherever you want and use that : ssh -i /path/to/key_file joeuser@somehost.com  the relevant man page entry for -i ( with the caveat that the information about the default path may not be the same on android ) :
install and run connectbot ( a dedicated ssh client ) . tap/press menu key . from the menu , tap Manage Pubkeys . on next screen , again press/tap menu key . from the menu , tap Import .
just uninstall google play store update to revert back to the factory settings . then updating apps will be possible .
try uninstalling the updates to put google play store back to factory version , disconnect your connection , then set " do not update " in play store settings . my problem is fixed but i have an old version of google play . but i can update my application .
first of all this is a bug somewhere on play store side so i think we can only get a work around not an actual solution , said that i solved freeing more space than it would be theoretically needed , using old version of play store works too . as for how much space is needed i do not have a clear answer because my phone ( also on android 4.2.1 and mtk based ) is rooted and i symlinked some apps to a different partition to be able to use more than 1.5gb as internal storage ( that is data size partition in my phone ) . so i think this causes some problems on size estimation because manage apps says i have 491mb free ( correct ) but settings-> storage says i have 195mb available ( not correct ) . you can try removing some apps , i think 180mb free should do . as for the black border i have had that problem since some months , i did not dig much on the issue but i think they changed image format ( new one is webp ) and the transparency layer is not working well in our phones . @rushnosh this version is out one month already but updates roll out not at the same time for everybody , if you want to try it you can update it manually downloading the apk from a trusted source like : http://www.androidpolice.com/2014/07/22/google-play-store-update-4-9-13-adds-material-design-app-and-content-pages-apk-download/ for images problem look here : https://productforums.google.com/forum/m/#!topic/nexus/tw1febzjqng looks like from google the only answer is to ask manufacturer to update to kitkat .
download the apk for 4.8 from android police , decompile , change package name , compile , install . i do not think it would be able to update then . you had have two play stores , keep the original and wait for an update that fixes it , but use the other one in the mean time . i hope this helps .
solution for this issue is to move some apps to the phone storage or sd card and not in the internal storage ; like you go to phone or mobile settings> apps> go through each app that you installed if there is a button that says " move to phone storage " or " move to sd card " click on it , in this way application will be moved out from internal storage because most of the times playstore identifies storage of apps are on internal storage not on the phone storage or sd card eventhough you have plenty of memory storage on your phone or card so that may be the reason why you have insufficient memory storage . .
the correct answer to this problem , and i always see wrong explanations , is that you have a duplicate /data/app-lib folder for the app or apps that are giving you that error . to fix : using adb , terminal , or root explorer : compare /data/app to /data/app-lib you will see , for example : /data/app/example-app-1 . apk /data/app-lib/example-app-1 /data/app-lib/example-app-2 &lt ; --extra or /data/app/example-app-2 . apk /data/app-lib/example-app-1 &lt ; --extra /data/app-lib/example-app-2 so for 1st example remove directory : /data/app-lib/example-app-2 and for 2nd example remove directory : /data/app-lib/example-app-1 then your app will install just fine ! always remember to keep the same numbers , if the apk is 1 remove 2 . . . if the apk is 2 remove 1 !
as long as your android device supports usb keyboards at all , any usb keyboard will work . many android devices do not support working as a usb master device ( due to hardware limitations ) , but running android on a raspberry pi should work fine as its usb ports are fully-featured .
you should go to mcafee settings there is an uninstall option somewhere in the settings , on pressing that mcafee will ask you if you would like to remove it from device administrators , continue with the uninstallation from there . and , for your immediate issue , i think your device has got a serious virus/malware or may even have been hacked , which is causing remote control by someone ( i do not know if i am exaggerating a bit ) . so firstly try killing all the network connections , manually remove sim card ( if your device has it ) and turn off the wifi router and then observe if those issues persist . if issues persist factory reset your device , but prior to it take a backup of all data ( or i think you should not because it will carry the malware with it so do accordingly ) .
here 's what i did . assuming you have set up the sync process : go to firefox on your pc , click Bookmarks in the top right corner choose Unsorted Bookmarks . this opened a new window for me where i could see a section called Mobile bookmarks that i had not seen anywhere else . click and drag this Mobile Bookmarks folder to either Bookmarks Toolbar or Bookmarks Menu , whichever you want it to appear under ( note : the Bookmarks Menu is what we clicked on to start this process , i advise you try both and see which you like best ) . profit . hope this helps !
on my nexus 7 , my downloaded books go in /Android/data/com.safaribooksonline/files/zips . they are stored in xhtml directories which includes various metadata , images and the chapters themselves as xhtml documents . while these look vaguely html like , they certainly can not be rendered in chrome or other web browsers directly , you just end up seeing all of the mark-up as text . i do not know how standard the xhtml format is for e-books , or whether other readers could understand the format safari uses , but hopefully this helps point you in the right direction .
there is no way to know for sure unless you view logcat . use adb which comes with android sdk and execute the command logcat . i usually do the following steps to find out what causes an application to crash : enable usb debugging ( settings -> developer options -> usb debugging ) plug in usb cable to your phone and connect it to your machine . run adb logcat run the application and try to make it crash while viewing the logcat .
i installed a skype 2.6.0.95 apk ( which is an earlier version ) and it works now .
you can install busybox from the market too : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=stericson.busyboxhl=en and to your other question i just wanna know what does busy box do ? taken from market description : busybox is a software application that provides many standard unix tools , much like the larger ( but more capable ) gnu core utilities . busybox is designed to be a small executable for use with the linux kernel , which makes it ideal for use with embedded devices . it has been self-dubbed " the swiss army knife of embedded linux " . the official busybox website about page has some more info about what it is too .
the problem fixed itself when i removed all google accounts and added a new device ( a new nexus 7 ! ) to my account .
error rpc:s-5:aec-0 is known issue and many are facing the same issue as you . check : google play error [ rpc:s-5:aec-0 ]
this is not an issue of your email client . this is the way pop3 works . in gingerbread 's email client , you had had set leave copy of email on server . so , your ics email client is downloading all past emails from server . unfortunately , pop3 does not allow selective downloads . your mails are being fully downloaded ( not just header ) with attachments too . that is the reason of high traffic . you should now un-check leave copy on server ( to make sure , it would not download an email repeatedly after its removed from local cache ) . after full download , everything will become normal . if you can , i would recommend to use imap instead of pop3 . imap syncs everything ( e . g . email read status ) with server-client . if you delete an email locally , it would be deleted from server too ( provided its in configuration ) . so , you can keep emails on multiple devices in sync . imap allows you to download email header only , download attachments on demand etc . so , it can save your data .
you might consider adding your pop3 accounts to gmail anyway , but then turning off sync for gmail . that way , i assume , your phone will not automatically check your mail , but you will still be able to retrieve new mail " by hand " .
you must first add your google account to the tablet . the google play app will not let you switch an account until there are two or more accounts on the device . so first add your google account . you will probably want to disable all of the synchronizing options . once that is done , open the google play app , and you will see the option to switch accounts . on top of that , you will be able to " push install " apps to the tablet from your desktop computer ( provided you are logged into the same google account ) . the downside , of course , is that there is now a device that can synchronize your contacts , gmail , photos , etc that you do not control . your grandma could decide to purchase in-app items or purchase new apps ( though you can require a password for that , at least ) . alternatively , if you only want to install a few of the paid apps you own , you can temporarily add your account , install the apps , then remove the account . the apps remain installed , even without the linked account .
your phone do not need to be rooted . go to Settings > Security > Screen lock . then select None to disable the lock screen ( which should be set to Swipe or something like that in your casesince you get the swipe screen ) .
further to my comment , i had a look into the underlying android code . i have a possible answer , but with no less than four major caveats and obstacles : i have not tried it , because i do not have any suitable usb devices to hand . you need a new permission the permission requires that you are a system app the code requires access to something not in the public api forget about this if deploying ordinary after-market apps ! the first prerequisite is that you have the MANAGE_USB permission . that is described here . however in turn the prerequisites for that are that you sign with the system key , and you install your app into /system/app . anyway , if you are ok with that , here 's some code : mDevice is the device from before . uid is your own app 's uid and you can look that up . an example of how to do that is the first answer here . all good ? no . ServiceManager is android.os.ServiceManager and thus is not a public api . that , in this example , is your way to getting your hands on the IUsbManager service ( there may be other routes ) . now , getting around that is beyond the scope of my answer ; in the old days you could use reflection , but i do not know if you still can . after all of those shenanigans , it looks like you do not need to request permission any more , and if you do , it will return immediately with no dialog .
this question and answer is basically a duplicate of stackexchange-url see the above link for an example program and more in depth discussion . as far as i know , there are two ways to get the usb permission box popup : request permission explicitly from your application using usbmanager . requestpermission ( . . . ) register an intent-filter on your accessory and let the system ask for permission when the device is attached in the case of 1 i have found that the checkbox on the popup to remember the permission has no effect . for me , i removed all code related to permissions from my software and simply put the intent-filter in my manifest . when the usb device is plugged in , if it has not already been granted permission then the usb permission box will popup . if the user clicks ok without checking the remember box , then the box will popup again the next time the device is connected . however if the user checks the box and presses ok then the box should never display again ( unless the software is uninstalled and then reinstalled ) . i am not sure if there is a bug somewhere related to your device showing up as /dev/bus/usb/001 and then 002 etc - let me know if you are using the intent-filter , as without that the remember checkbox will do nothing . i do not know of any way that you can avoid the permission popup altogether . i suspect there is no way to do it without digging into the android code like you said .
works now , user error it appears .
switching to 2g when there is no need to use 3g networks is also increasing the battery life .
the biggest thing i have seen is to dim the backlight as much as possible ( while remaining comfortable for your eyes ) , as well as lowering screen time-out length . another big killer is to stay connected to wifi or 3g with a very weak signal . if it is at the point of losing connection and reconnecting repeatedly , it will eat through the battery very quickly .
in general , i believe reducing use of vibration helps save battery life on a phone . so for the incredible , i even disabled the feature of vibrating when entering keystrokes . here are some good tips from wikihow .
if this is still a problem , you can download an older version of facebook that does not have the quirk you are currently encountering . you can view the previously available versions from the sidebar on their site .
i had the same problem with this new update from facebook . you need to go to Settings | Apps | All apps , search for facebook , tap the entry , and then " uninstall updates " . this option is only available if your phone came with the facebook app , not if you installed it yourself . then try sync again . i am skipping the latest version of facebook ; the one before worked just fine .
find any other app you can and install it . once installed exit the marketplace . then go back and try installing the angry birds app again . this usually fixes most marketplace issues . if it still does not work go to settings -> applications -> manage applications -> all -> find the marketplace app and click on it . then click clear data . make sure it cleared cache too , if not clear cache . then reboot . then run the marketplace and try again . these tips should help .
probably the most detailed error message you had be able to get would be the logcat logs . you can use a terminal emulator on the phone and just type in ' logcat ' shortly after the installation , you can use a market app called alogcat , or you can use the android sdk from the computer , open a command prompt and navigate to the tools directory of the sdk and run : adb shell  and then logcat  another thing you can check would be to ensure you do not have another version installed . sometimes if you download an . apk file and install it using a file manager , then try to download a different version ( or even the same version ) of the app via the market , it will fail with that error as well .
i had a very similar issue on my htc incredible . try unmounting the sd card ( menu-> settings-> sd and phone storage-> " unmount sd card " on my incredible ) and then installing the app . after it finished installing , you can then remount your sd card .
i have not tried this myself , but it should be possible with tasker and ( optionally ) the secure settings addon – provided there is some automated way to let the device know you are in " driving mode " . this could either be the car 's bluetooth ( if any ) , or some nfc tag you place in your car to toggle that state ( the latter could be used to toggle a custom variable or the " state" ) . with those pre-conditions met , setup your profile ( s ) corresponding to your " identifier " . with bluetooth : condition : bluetooth device connected task : turn off keyguard ( will revert to the previous state , i.e. re-enable keyguard , as soon as the condition is no longer met , i.e. your device no longer connected to the car ) . with nfc , slightly different , your task should toggle keyguard – so it turns it of on first read of the tag , and turns it back on when reading the tag again . with keyguard turned off , there is no pattern or pin lock anymore , and the device should react as if you had unlocked it . you can toggle keyguard with tasker itself ; however , the secure settings addon gives you additional control . check out what fits you best ; above " pseudo-profile " should get you started : )
in answer to my own question ( and in thanks for the answer already provided ) , but the problem was that in my office , my phone uses wifi router which is connected to the internet via a firewall . and on this firewall one of the necessary imap ports was blocked . my collegue changed this setting , and now gmail is behaving as expected . i am really not in the habit of choosing my own answers as the selected answer , but for this question , this was the solution . hope it helps others !
in addition to what al e . says , you also need to make sure syncing is general is on . form the home screen go to Settings | Accounts and sync and make sure both Background data and Auto-sync are checked .
from the home screen , go to Settings | Accounts &amp; sync | &lt;your account&gt; and make sure that " sync gmail " is checked .
there is a bug with encryption on the xoom . i have been working with a google engineer to identify the problem . basically some of the low level kernel worker processes are not sleeping properly . if you use the full version of systempanel you can see which processes are prevengint your xoom from going to sleep . hopefully there will be a fix baked into ics . according to motorola it should be released in early december .
encryption is a fairly cpu intensive process , so using more battery is not unexpected . though it depends a lot upon the apps you use and how much they read/write to the storage . i would expect that an ' idle ' xoom with encryption would last just as long as one without , but if you use an app that does lots of little writes to disk , it will end up using more cpu . the encryption happens at the block layer . this means that small writes to the disk require a read , a decrypt , an update , and then writing the block back . i do not see any useful stats about the actual cpu overhead . ( android is using the ' dm-crypt ' module of the linux kernel to do the disk encryption . )
well , doing the ota update to 4.0.2 from 4.0.1 did not brick anything . superuser is still installed and apps that require root supposedly have root permissions , but they claim they do not . i will attempt to re-root it , as i do not see why that will be an issue . thanks .
you can unlock the bootloader before re-rooting your phone , but the phone will wipe ( this is unavoidable ! ) , so back up first . . . and copy your backups off the phone
as it says : " root on xyz " means xyz is a pre-condition for this rooting instructions ( so yes , it must already be on the device ) " install xyz " means , well , to install xyz ( whether it already was on the device or not ) .
yes , i had the same issue , it never worked for any pc usb keyboards , except the one which we bought from domo , that ncase k6 . that k6 worked perfectly ( even to my pc ) . but a pc usb mouse worked on my domo slate x3g . buy a ncase k6 or , preferably you could install usb host controller from play store , as said by the first answer . . that should fix your issues .
install usb host controller from google play , and run it .
yes . there are many applications available in google play store . the most powerful automation app is tasker , which i use and recommend to others . you can also try battery saver applications like juice defender , and deep sleep battery saver . in tasker , define the context as Display off with task Disable net . then you are done ! if you are in need of more tasker profiles , go here .
try to scroll down the list to find the inbox . i think it is listed below , but it seems missing at first . i could not see it at first . but after several tries , i got the list to scroll down to find the inbox .
you might need a very specific widget that is coded to retrieve some data from the said web page in a specific format ( xml , json , api calls , etc . , ) then parse and display it . for example , a quick google search for " android flair widget " brings back this app . you need only to provide the user 's id ( e . g . http://api.android.stackexchange.com/1.1/users/3646 for my profile , ) and it polls the stackoverflow . com servers once every hour and retrieves the " flair " .
i wanted an app to do this , and i wanted it to be professional , reliable , and easy to use , and i wanted to know it would be maintained in future and work with new android versions . as i run a software business , i decided to make it our next product . showr supports android 3.1+ , and you can use it as a lock screen widget on android versions that support that feature . it supports images from rss or atom feeds , and from other apps ( such as the gallery ) as well as from a fixed url . it also integrates with some websites , such as tumblr and stack exchange . unlike the accepted answer to the question , you can set how often it updates , and it has a smart updating feature to save battery life and network use . download showr free from google play , or see showr on stackapps .
i have implemented that app because i wanted it for myself : url image widget have fun !
this thread goes way back but i still were unable to find one in the market that seems to fit the description , so i made one myself . get it here : the widget updates hourly , and currently there is no way to configure that .
as meer borg correctly states in his answer : when an app is installed , the package manager reads its Manifest , and notes the permissions requested into files the android system controls ( /data/system/packages.xml , /system/etc/permissions/*.xml ( one file per app ) ) . additionally , for each permission there is a specific user group , which will be assigned to the app 1 . so each time the app tries to access a feature requiring a permission , this is checked against : if the permission was declared in the Manifest , access is granted – otherwise it is refused . note that this is a simplified description , though while this is the general rule , for some things there are possibilities to work-around the permissions . if an app e.g. wants to send something to the internet , it could also do so calling an " intent " , asking the browser to open a certain page ( like e.g. http://bad.server/collector.php?info1=some_info&amp;info2=more_info ) . however , this would not go un-noticed by the user , as the browser would open in foreground and show this action . so if an app would make use of this feature , the outcry would be heard ( usually ) . if a dev really wants to do " bad things " , he could also use another way : have one app with all the required permissions , and a second with almost none . if the user has both apps installed , the second one could call the first ( big-permission ) app to process " things " it cannot do itself ( due to lacking permissions ) – in the same manner as described above for accessing the internet . note that this priciple is used e.g. for addons , and " inter-app-communication " in a positive sense , too tl ; dr : an app is restricted to the permissions it requests , and cannot directly access other " things " . " indirect " access would not go unnoticed . p.s. : this is just an abstract , and simplified presentation . i am not in android development , so some dev might have better understanding and correct me , or add to the above . 1 example ( note the " groups " list ) : the id command ( without parameters ) shows information about the " current user " . in this case , i was using adb shell , so the user is the " shell app " ( rather the integrated unix shell ) . the list of groups shows which permissions are granted to the shell , so it can e.g. read and write the sdcard , access bluetooth , and the internet ( plus some more things ) .
each application you install has a file called manifest . xml in it that dictates what the app is allowed to access . when you install an app it checks that file and shows you what permissions are needed to install that application . so unless your phone is rooted , and uses an exploit . or you repackage that file and its manifest file to add more permissions . . . it will only access the usb storage as quoted . the android system prevents any other access and the code that tries to access those other permissions will simple return an error from the program point of view . but i believe that even accessing usb storage is an issue because it can access all of the other files other programs create using usb storage , not the entire file system , just a sub part of it that is defines as " usb storage " . but as the app does not access the internet , whatever the app accesses stays on your device .
one solution i found is : if you long-press the search button this brings up the voice command ( for me it gave an option of messaging or vlingo )
i am not sure about the optical mouse specifically , but cyanogenmod does give you the option to alter the behavior of the various capacitive/hard buttons on the phone to some extent . in Settings-&gt;CyanogenMod Settings-&gt;Input you can set the long-press behavior of the home and menu buttons , and completely change the behavior of the search button . what i have typically done is set the search key ( or long-pressing the search key ) to open up the voice search app . you could substitute the voice dialer or anything else you wanted if you set it up this way , with the trade-off being that you lose the default search functionality ( in my case it is okay because i never use the search button ) .
these are the steps to install/update a custom rom from stock : install a custom recovery ( clockworkmod for example ) . copy the rom zip to the phone sdcard ( you can do this via adb ) . reboot in recovery ( it will load the custom recovery ) . use the option to install zip from sdcard to install/update the rom .
quoting from another answer : the securedownload.bin file is from your email app trying to download/save an attachment . the app creates this file ( no matter what the actual name of your attachment is ) whenever you try to view or save the attachment . so you first need to figure out how the file was originally named and rename it accordingly . then you can tell from the file name what app may be suiting to open it . as for .rar handling , simply search for " rar " on google play , which turns up tons of fitting apps right on the first result page , which can deal with .rar , .zip , and other archive files ( e . g . b1 free archiver zip rar unzip or androzip file manager ) .
yes , even plain android will do this . i have heard of some unlicensed phones that did not properly finish setup unless you had a sim card but it should not be an issue with cm .
i used to have an incredible - moved on to a nexus ! - and i noticed a rom in the xda forums that was for wifi only , ie , device without a data plan . you can search here for it . there is also a wifi only mod that can be found here . link to wifi only thread .
i think it is motorola fault and i have found temporary workaround for me ( motorola xoom 2 / android honeycomb 3.2 ) . unfortunately only device factory reset is working . before i had tried clear cache and data , uninstall netflix app - nothing is working . only factory reset .
or you have not paid your service does not have a good internet connection . check your account for view the payments
if you are using the google play music app ( which is the stock music player in many phones , and is available for phones running android 2.2 up if not ) to play your music then this google support article " copy music files directly from your computer " says : if your music files have accompanying artwork in.jpeg format , rename the art file albumart.jpg and include it in the same folder as your music files .
if you use odin then i am asuming you have a samsung device . depending on what stock rom you use , i mean if you will flash using 1 file or 3 file rom , if you have a 3 file rom then you have to put in the pit file to , and then you can enable the re-partition . if you use 1 file rom in odin , i think it will re-partition by default so you do not have to check the repartition check box in odin .
you can access them through the group " starred in android " in gmail
to change whether a contact is a favorite or not , go to your contact list , click on the contact name , then toggle the " star " in the top right corner of the contact screen .
for editing , this question should help , although it is specific to the htc incredible . for removing , it is the same idea ( select contact name , not icon ) then remove them from the favorites group . hope it helps .
removing it from " favourites " or " starred in android " did not work for me . i do not have any star either on my htc wildfire . you have to find your contact in the " phone " list ( this one where you go when you want to call someone , middle bottom of the desktop ) . then you touch it , wait until menu arrives and . . . tap " remove from favourites " . interesting that you will not find this option in " people " app , or in contact details either .
i cannot check you image ( corporate proxy forbids ) , but i take it you mean those " toggle buttons " to switch on/off things like wifi , bluetooth , etc . in this case , you can do so e.g. with elixier ( first picture 1 ) or notification toggle ( second picture 2 ) some custom roms also come with something similar pre-installed , as e.g. cyanogenmod does .
arm is currently not supported officially by heimdall . you might have luck compiling it yourself : https://github.com/benjamin-dobell/heimdall/ my advice however : use a supported platform once ( win/mac/linux-x86/x64 ) and enjoy on-device updates from then on via clockworkmod recovery ( cwm ) or rommanager . reason : heimdall is only needed to install a bootstrap cwm once . after that you use the regular cwm . here 's the guide from cyanogenmod : http://wiki.cyanogenmod.com/wiki/samsung_galaxy_s:_full_update_guide cyanogenmod releases for cm7/9/10 in various flavours ( stable , release candidate , nightly build ) can be found here ( galaxy s i9000 ) : http://get.cm/?device=galaxysmtd
yep , you should be able to compile from source . here are the steps to install clockworkmod with heimdall from gnu/linux or ubuntu or whatever ( i tested it with samsung galaxy tab 2.0 7 p3110 ) : 0 . by following the steps below be prepared to lose your guarantee or brick your device . also make backups of your personal data . 1 . install heimdall ( and heimdall-frontend ) this software is a flash tool which copies firmware images to device 's specific memory area . you can find several guides how to install this even from source . you do not need windows stuff such as odin or kies or a fake software which contains the usb drivers because most probably the kerner drivers are preinstalled on your gnu / linux os . dmesg 2 . download the recovery image to your host computer from clockworkmod rommanager ( i am not allowed to post url . this is www dot clockworkmod dot com slash rommanager ) . find your device on the list and download some files from 3 columns . currently there are 3 columns : ~roms / clockworkmod : contains superuser . zip : copy to sim card or to device . this zip contains application which allows to execute android apps with root mode . it is not needed to backup/restore device partitions . superuser . zip can be installed in recovery mode . default recovery of samsung ( stored in recovery partition ) does not install the zip due to error : signature verification failed . if you want to root your device you must install a custom recovery image . backup of original firmware does not require this superuser hack . ~download recovery : this is a custom recovery partition : you can install zips or create backup or flash partitions . you can navigate between the menus with keys only - no touch : volume up and down and choose with power button . copy this to your gnu/linux host ( this image will be written to device with heimdall ) ~download touch recovery : this is a custom recovery image . you can navigate between the menus with keys or touch : volume up and down and choose with power button . do not forget to scroll there are a lot of menuitems ! turn off the tablet ( wait around 10 secs while screen goes black ) hold down the volume key which is next to the power button and hold down the power button . you may keep it pressed as long as you like : logo appears then device reboots . when logo appears release keys . android system recovery &lt ; 3e> loads . choose wipe data/factory reset with volume then select with power button . choose yes -- delete all user data . choose reboot system now and do not allow it to reboot : immediatelly hold down the power button and the volume key which is on the far side . keep it pressed until warning appears . connect tablet to gnu/linux host with usb cable then press the volume button next to power button . with root permission run command on gnu/linux host and be prepared for executing next step immediately sudo heimdall flash --recovery recovery-clockwork-touch-6.0.2.7-p3110 . img when it completes it restarts the device : remove the cable and immediatelly boot into recovery mode : hold down the volume key which is next to the power button and hold down the power button : keep it pressed until logo is displayed on 2nd time then release them . clockworkmod recovery loads . . . scroll down to see all the menuitems . you can create backup with " backup and restore " menu then " backup to external sdcard " after all use last menuitem : +++go back+++ / reboot system now . " rom may flash stock recovery on boot . fix ? : if you choose no then you can do the procedure again . . . / if you choose yes then samsung 's recovery firmware gets overwritten by clockworkmod recovery .
the bootloader is not generally on the /boot partition , it is on a separate one , although that is not really the crux of the issue . the problem occurs when the bootloader is cryptographically signed , which is intended to prevent you from replacing it with your own . the device will check the signature of the bootloader at startup and refuse to boot one with an invalid signature . after that , the bootloader checks the signature of whatever is in /boot , refusing to boot that if it is not signed validly . therefore , you can not overwrite either partition without rendering the device unbootable . when a bootloader is unlocked , it will not check the signature of the other partition images , which is why you are able to install custom roms . this means that you do not need to replace the bootloader in order to modify /boot , you just need to unlock it so that it skips the signature check on /boot . if the bootloader is locked and signed , then you are essentially stuck , barring an exploit that allows you to bypass one of the signature verification steps . this also means that locked bootloaders , in and of themselves , are not necessarily a problem . the real problem is signed bootloaders that do not provide an unlocking mechanism . the process is ( more or less ) analagous to uefi secure boot , although it is probably not exactly the same architectural implementation . incidentally , going with your example of linux , one of the primary criticisms of uefi secure boot is that it could potentially be used to prevent installation of alternative oses on traditional pcs via the same signature checking scheme .
no , but this can easily be done using gestures in dolphin browser hd .
install rescan media , and see if that helps . rescan media is a simple app will rescan your mobile phone for new files that usually happens on a system re-boot . it only calls the android media scanner .
you can use an app such as sim contacts manager or sim contacts to manage your contact on your sim card , including accessing and transferring them to the phone . if you have android 4.0+ , you can do this straight from your contacts app . Open Contacts &gt; Menu &gt; Import/export &gt; Import from SIM card
automatic shut off can mean any of these ; too many running applications running in the background . ( start your your phone in clockworld and select to clear cache ) refrain from charging your phone while playing games and running so many applications as this may speed up the aging of your battery . maybe its time you replace your battery if the above doesnt seem to work .
what protocol does the connection to your car radio use ? i can not exactly speak for the gs3 but this is for stock android so it may be similar . go into storage under settings and hit the menu button ( or the menu overflow ) then select usb connection ( or similar ) , make sure mtp ( you probably need this one ) and any other protocols you need are checked . there may also be a mount usb option present if that the former does not work .
once you have activated an input field , you should see a keyboard icon in your notification area . drag the notification bar down and tap on the notification saying Select input method and you should get the menu . if this does not work , it is due to samsung 's modifications . at least the vanilla ics has this option .
in all of my htc phones , press and hold in the input area ( text area ) will show a " input method " prompt for switching ime .
i ended up compromising on this by setting google voice to " ask on every call " , which gave me a chance to cancel the call . the downside is having to touch " make call without google voice " to put the call through .
on my spica ( samdroid froyo mod ) , there are two stock voice caller , the android 's stock " voice dialer " ( com.android.voicedialer ) : on the stock android voice dialer , when you start the voice dialer app and then speak " call " , this shows up : the stock voice dialer can be cancelled by pressing the highlighted " cancel " button . the voice dialer does not automatically call the contact , it waits for you to tap on the contact 's name to start the call . the other voice caller is using google-branded " voice search " ( com.google.android.voicesearch ) : when you tap on the voice search button on the google search widget and then speak " call " this screen shows up : the google-branded voice search automatically dial after a short delay the spoken contact , and you can tap " cancel " before the spinning highlighting is out to cancel the call without leaving missed calls . i am not sure which voice dialer you are using , can you clarify ?
the additional processes are created on demand ( e . g . if you open the calendar ) . the increasing memory consumption comes from the fact the java is not able to release ( heap ) memory back to the system . that is why google has implemented the activitymanager , which from time to time kills the whole process only to restart it later with a lower memory footprint . that is exactly what the task killer app try to do , which is kind of redundant . the activitymanger does it is job pretty good on my galaxy s with only 329 mb ram available to the system . i never needed no task killer . but , this is only a workaround for resource constrained devices like smartphones . current high-end android devices have up to 1gb of memory or more , so that the activitymanger will become more and more out of work .
what you describe as " desktop " , and the screenshot shows , is called by different names . mostly it listens on the names launcher and homescreen , depending on the aspect referred to . and yes , it is an app that ships with its own .apk file , as all its " replacements " ( e . g . apex launcher , golauncher , or holo launcher – to name some ) do .
the answer to your question most likely relates to this question " how do i change the google play country ? " . it details what you should do but read through the whole thing because the first answer requires you to make a purchase , but the second says how to do it without making a purchase .
some badly developed apps can cause device wakes . try uninstalling or freezing suspicious apps . check the logs to see what is causing this .
you have to go to lock screen settings and uncheck " hidden pattern-show pattern dots when tapping on the screen " . this will bring back the largee dots . this is different from " make pattern visible " which is at tthe bottom of the lock screen options page .
home screen shortcut we believe it is an android bug . in fact , as i could confirm on a custom build , adding FLAG_ACTIVITY_SINGLE_TOP fixed the problem for home screen shortcuts , despite its documentation indicating pretty the opposite , as below . we find those docs very poorly written , at least . according to the developer , this fix is going to work as long as main app activity stays on top ( that is , editing a sync job then pressing home button for tapping icon again is not going to work ) . if set , the activity will not be launched if it is already running at the top of the history stack . tasker and autoshortcut for some reason , the above fix does not work in autoshortcut . i do not know how different the intent sent by this plugin is from that of the home screen shortcuts . either way , i have reported the problem to the developer . regardless , i also just have set up a direct intent configuration in tasker , instead of using autoshortcut , as follows : action : com.bv.wifisync.run extra : itemId:&lt;id&gt; ( see below ) package : com.bv.wifisync class : com.bv.wifisync.Hosts target : Activity you have to replace &lt;id&gt; with the actual number of the job you want to run . in my case , 1 points to my computer , meaning it will run all of its jobs . knowing the actual number seems just like counting from top to bottom , but in case this fails , here 's how i have found it ( android sdk and grep required on desktop ) : enable debug mode on the phone . connect phone to computer 's usb . run adb logcat &gt; temp.log . start syncme . cancel the adb command . run grep "Validated job" temp.log , this should show you the ids .
android gives activities a setting called launchMode , which allows them to control how and when they are launched . with some values of launchMode , starting the same activity again with an intent will not start a new activity : instead , it'll deliver the new intent to the existing activity . this might happen only if the activity is the foreground activity , or if it is anywhere in the current task ( that is , if you can get to that activity just by pressing back repeatedly ) . it is quite common for app authors to set launchMode to solve some kinds of programming or user interface problem , such as concurrency issues that arise from having two instances of the same activity running at once , one in the foreground and one in the background . when they do this , they do not always remember to write the code to handle the new intent the activity is sent by android : the activity receives the intent a different way to when it is first launched . it is hard to tell without knowing more about this app , but from the behaviour you describe , it sounds like syncme has fallen into this trap . you should tell the developer what you are trying to achieve , and ask them to fix it .
yes , according to this blog post . it involves android programming , something i am not very familiar with .
there are reports that what you want to do is achievable . ( src ) i think you alteady know that peripheral devices can also be hosted on your usb port . ( more info ) there are several apps specifically made for your arduino in the play market
one of my pcs was having this same problem while my other laptop was without any problem , i have notice that the problem would disappear after i re-install the samsung mobile driver back . i am not sure why this was a problem . i think that the problem is with windows , since another pc could detect it without any issues .
it seems that all that i needed to do was reboot my pc . once i rebooted my pc had no problems installing the mtp driver for the device .
there is lots of apps that perform the function of restricting access to other apps . simply head to google play and search for " app locker " .
i had this same problem and this fixed it go to "/data/app-lib/app-path ( that has this error ) /lib " and delete . install/update the apk app . if this does not work try going to "/data/app-lib/app-path ( that has this error ) " and delete all the folder ( but you must begin by their sub-folder then the folder itself , because you cant delete the folder of this app-path directly without deleting their sub-folder first the reason for this is that for android 4.2 , + google create a new lib folder for the apps in "/data called /data/app-lib/" and there is a symlink from "/data/data/app-path/lib " to this folder which is the most culpable of this error . i came by this knowledge here http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2443267 like i said it worked for me . .
the built-in gallery app does not show photos in a tree structure : it just has albums . when you copy files in directly , it normally just puts each folder of photos in an album with that photo 's name . when another app adds photos to the gallery , it can specify what album ( s ) to put it in , according to what the app knows about the picture . if you want to browse photos by their folder structure , do not use the built-in gallery app . there are a lot of third-party photo viewing apps on google play , so pick one you like and use that instead .
you have mistakenly activated " talkback " , a google service for blind/visually impaired users . to deactivate : open " settings " -> under " system " open " accessibility " -> open " talkback " -> slide the slider in the upper right corner to " off "
that must be an htc sense thing ; no such calendars ever existed on my droid . it does not look like you will be able to get rid of them short of rooting your phone .
for calendars . go to the calendar . touch any day . then hit menu . then hit more . then select calendars . then un-check facebook . ( at least one calendar has to be selected btw . it took off all the birthdays . for contacts . hit people . hit menu . select view . then check just phone . however when you search some things . facebook contacts somehow still are searched . so i dont know how to remove them completely . thanks to micah reuben charles perez http://www.facebook.com/topic.php?topic=15423post=112530uid=41158896424#!/topic.php?uid=41158896424topic=15423
you can not delete them but you can uncheck them so no information from them shows in the calendar . many folks are still using outlook for calendaring and need the ability to sync with the desktop .
i had this while using " go launcher ex notifications " seems it was running two notifications at the same time , made a conflict , so i uninstalled and it seems fine . htc desire .
i do not have a legend , nor htc , but some googling turned these out : http://androidforums.com/htc-droid-eris/59163-process-com-htc-bg-has-stopped-unexpectedly-please-try-again-wtf.html http://www.incredibleforum.com/forum/htc-incredible-help/224-error-message-com-htc-bg.html apparently it is related to facebook sync .
i have also experienced this problem with an exchange account . my solution was to remove the account completely and re-add it .
you may be able to boot , but the likely hood that things like the camera , wifi and other things , working are slim . even when it is " the same device " , just a variant ( like the vibrant , captivate , galaxy s , fascinate , for example ) flashing a rom not made for the specific device will not work . the differences in the hardware causes modifications to the rom . everything from the wifi chip , to the camera can require custom drivers . most likely , you wont even be able to boot though .
download titanium backup and delete unwanted apps ; here is a list of apps safe to remove rollercoaster . apk ( game ) peggle . apk ( game ) edge . apk ( game ) quadrapop . apk ( game ) wisepilot . apk ( gps software have to subscribe only trial 30days ) roadsync . apk ( synchronization with microsoft exchange ) neoreader . apk ( bar code reader - uninstall and download new version free if you need it ) moxiermail . apk ( similar program as roadsync . apk ) officesuite . apk ( mobile systems officesuite trial version ) emanual . apk ( sony ericsson e-manual ) emanuallauncher . apk facebook . apk ( facebook app - can be removed and installed again from android market ) playnow japanese and chinese text inputs pccompanion . apk - remove dop . iso in the /data folder timescape uwlopprovider ( . apk ) usersupport . apk semcsetupwizard . apk setupwizard . apk semcemailsmall . apk readytorun . apk sync . apk omadataserviceprovider . apk backupandrestore . apk semcbrowser . apk drmprovider . apk stk . apk com . facebook . katana . apk pccompanion . apk blockbreaker_2_deluxe_sms_demo . apk calculator . apk ( if you do not use it ) edge . apk notes . apk ( if you do not use it ) orkut . apk orkut_plugin . apk peggle . apk roller coaster operator_prefix . apk you can find titanium here https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.keramidas.titaniumbackuphl=en
check out the " barebones " page in cyanogenmod 's wiki .
found this on youtube : go to settings -> security -> phone administrators , then un-check this app and proceed to uninstall it by the usual means .
download es file explorer and uninstall gravity screen by going to app manager then select gravity screen and uninstall it .
according to the developer , those disabled checkboxes are not implemented . source . you can still proceed with the flash even if F. Reset Time is disabled / unchecked . there should be no problems with it .
it seems like you are making this problem for yourself . as designed , apps can ask android to notify them when a network connection appears or disappears . some apps might want to be notified when they are running in the foreground , but some apps might need to be notified whether they were already running or not . this is necessary for the correct functioning of the app . it would not normally cause any lag , because background services always run at a lower priority than the foreground app . when an app finishes running normally , android caches it in ram , so that next time it starts ( whether it is a foreground activity or a background service ) , it can start immediately , using less battery . but if you routinely force-stop apps , or use a " task killer " or the " background process limit " option in the developer settings to stop them , then next time the same app starts , android has to spend time and energy loading it from storage again , causing lag . so my recommendation for how to stop your phone lagging when you connect to wi-fi is that you should let android do its own job of managing processes , and stop trying to micromanage it . leave that force-stop button for cases where a buggy app has gone out of control . for more information on why task killers slow your phone down , see the answers to how can i stop applications and services from running ?
i had the same issue with my htc hero . even though i could toggle wifi on and off while in airplane mode , it would fail to connect . turning airplane mode off solved the problem .
there should not be any problems using wifi without having an active account on your og droid . there is a pretty good discussion of this same question on the thread " repurpose old android phone " .
yes you can , there should not be any problem for using your phone as pda only .
just disable wifi . i have 1.5.1c beta 2 . look for ccrusher1 on the forum , and message me if you need more help .
well , i went over to the android forums and asked . . . apparently , it is a known bug in all overclocked versions of shinjitsu . i installed the non-overclocked kernel ( as an update . zip from the sd card , with clockwork ) and it is been almost two hours and everything is working perfectly !
most rooting techniques require you to connect the phone to a pc via usb in order to unlock the bootloader , so you will not be able to root the phone this way without a working usb port . some phones have security vulnerabilities which allow you to root the phone from an app ( such as framaroot ) , but this only applies to specific phones and specific firmware versions which have such a bug . it is certainly possible for a port to only charge and not transfer data . in a usb port , there are two data pins , a +5v power pin , and ground . if either of the two data pins are broken or not connected properly , you can still transfer power over the power connection , but no data can be transferred . most likely these pins were not soldered correctly when your new usb port was added .
it is entirely up to the drive and enclosure . the usb mass storage protocol does not have disk-specific instructions , e.g. for spinning up and down drives . the only thing you can do from the android side is make sure the files are not in use : e.g. by adding a .nomedia file as you already found .
you can find all of the stock kernel versions at the wikipedia android version history page . it has the kernel version for each version of android ; it is at the end of the descriptions of each android version . table from wikipedia : note : other “distributions” of android might run different kernel versions . anyone is welcome to correct and expand this table . please keep formatting .
same here , i had the update downloaded for 10 days but the yesterday it stopped showing in the notification bar . maybe google has taken the update off for now , so it is not checking for it ? i have also tried all the force update methods as well .
you can try clearing the google services framework data . disconnect from wifi and mobile data , go to Settings -&gt; Apps -&gt; All Apps -&gt; Google Services Framework and tap Clear data . after this , restore data connections and go to Settings -&gt; About phone -&gt; Software Updates and tap Check for updates , and the update should appear . if not , the update is still in rollout for your region .
you can force an actual update check ( the " check for update " thing does not necessarily do a real check for updates ) on some phones by dialing the mmi code # #2432546# # ( the numbers spell " checkin" ) . do not push the call button after entering the code , just wait a few seconds . a notification saying " checkin succeeded " should appear .
ok , here is how i solved the problem : i followed the first part of the directions here : http://oldwiki.cyanogenmod.org/wiki/motorola_droid_2_global:_full_update_guide to wipe the flash and install older version of the motorola software . ( specifically , section 2.1.1 ) then i upgraded to the version that i was running before the update started attempting to run .
personally , i use doggcatcher and have had no problems with it . it will always remember where you last were in the podcast , even if you went and played a different podcast instead and came back to that one . it'll auto-delete based on how you set it up . for me , it auto deletes after i have listened to it . it usually happens pretty quickly too ( 15 min or so ) . you can also tell it when to update and how many episodes of a podcast to download that you have not listened to yet .
beyondpod ( $7 but well worth it ) will do everything you mentioned in your question . i have tried doggcatcher and a slew of free apps and i have found beyondpod to be the best . you sort you podcasts from newest to oldest , or oldest to newest , or longest to shortest , or shortest to longest . you can also break them up into categories which i find helpful . also , it is very good at remembering you place . i regularly start one podcast then switch to another , then another and find that i can always return to the unfinished shows without losing my place . there are also numerous autoupdate and auto delete options . you can set certain categories of feeds update on a certain schedule . you can set the auto delete globally , on the category level or at the podcast level , telling it to delete podcasts of a certain age , or tell it to only keep so many podcasts , or delete after listening . its also easy to mass delete all " listened to " podcasts with just two clicks .
you can not do that since it has been coded in program level you can not change the prefix dsc in all photos . you need to have the code for the apk and change the prefix string and build an apk then only you can do that cheers . . . . . .
the specs at gsmarena mention tv-out ( via mhl a/v link ) , which suggests it should work . on the other hand , expertsreview states : the micro usb port also doubles up as a display output , though surprisingly it does not use the mhl standard that we have seen on numerous recent devices , such as the samsung galaxy s3 . instead it supports the new slimport standard , which is based upon displayport . which suggests the standards are incompatible ( other sources i consulted underline this ) . an even clearer hint you will find in a review by anandtech : when i wrote that review it was not immediately clear what advantages slimport offered over mhl , which has become relatively ubiquitous in the year or so since its introduction . since then i have acquired the slimport microusb to hdmi 1.4 sp1002 and vga ( d-sub ) sp2002 adapters from analogix for testing out slimport on the nexus 4 . . . . as of this writing , the analogix sp1002 adapter is available on amazon for around $30 usd . i have not seen the sp2002 available online anywhere yet , however . as this shows , there're slimport adapters available which are not that expensive ( though not that cheap either ) , and are probably better fitted for your purpose . as you either yet have to buy the cable , i would rather go for the right one .
it seems that mhl is not supported but its cousin streamport according to here http://gb.slimportconnect.com/supported-devices/ and explained here http://blog.clove.co.uk/2012/11/02/what-is-slimport/ . not bought yet but i guess chromecast might do the trick anyway for more recent devices . loic
the advantage that atrix currently has is that the hdmi out can display up to a 1280x1024 resolution , plus the dock provides full function usb keyboard and mouse . some of the other androids do have hdmi out , however they only mirror the lower resolution of the phone display ( if at all ) most of them only output pictures or videos . the atrix does the best job of providing access to a virtual desktop without compromise . disclaimer : citrix worked with motorola on the atrix solution
if you are asking if you can do remote desktop on a phone and also have the phone output to a tv , the answer 's yes . i use remote desktop enterprise on my device ( samsung galaxy s vibrant ) , and my device supports some sort of output from the usb port to hdmi as well as wireless dlna .
make sure airplane mode is off . hold the power button for a second or two , and click data network mode in the menu that pops up ( it should say on , and will turn to off ) . if you do not have this option , uncheck packet data or data enabled under Settings -&gt; Wireless and Network -&gt; Mobile network turn off wifi . turn on bluetooth . done !
check out this guy 's post on xda : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=11370203postcount=2 this might be considered a risky solution , but if you are not using the 3g connection at all and you are careful to simply rename the . apk 's he references you might just disable the cell radio without needing to use airplane mode . in case the link does not work , he suggests using root explorer to rename phone . apk to phone . apk . bak and telephony . apk to telephony . apk . bak thus disabling these two packages . you have to reboot your phone to finalize the changes . if it does not work , you should remove the . bak from each file name and they should be available again . at op 's request , a summary of his findings : Phone.apk is the Dialer app , which is responsible for the cell radio . PhoneTelephony.apk turns out to be just the Dialer storage , which we can kill just to save more memory . androidos immediately restarts Dialer when it is closed , so renaming it will cause problems . but after a battery-yank-reboot , everything is ok . it also gets rid of the annoying Activate your phone dialog that comes up on every boot . btw , the dialpad still comes up after getting rid of Dialer :- )
actually , the *#*#INFO#*#* ( 4636 ) method does work . while the control is greyed out under wireless settings , the taskbar icon still shows bt connectivity and i have tested and confirmed that bt is still active on my og droid .
i think you need to adjust the settings in the google maps application that control this . launch maps and press the overflow menu icon ( the three dots in the bottom right on vanilla android ; you may need to access your settings slightly differently on other devices with custom ui skins ) , then go to Settings =&gt; Location settings and scroll down . you should see a subsection labeled " check-ins": if you also want the cards for nearby places to be hidden then you can do that in google now 's settings . select Settings =&gt; Google Now =&gt; Places and turn those cards off .
i had a phone qmobile noir a8 ; well i still i have it , but got a new one too . that phone was ics too . i tried many things but was not able to root it ; including and specially superoneclick . then i found bin4ry rooting software , its just a single click app . but it would require you to have a pc connected to the phone as its a command prompt type software , you will press a button ( say 1 , 2 , or 3 and even x to unroot ) to make the process happen . it was fast , and as my phone had ics , i am sure that would work for your phone too . all you need to do is to follow the steps provided by the developer of the software , donot try to be over smart while rooting or you might get into trouble ! now i have 4.2.2 :d which might not be and surely is not the concern so skip the thing . you should try out its latest version . here is a xda-developers forum thread : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1886460 good luck , cheers !
if you have got a computer with windows running on it , you might want to give the all-in-one toolkit a try . according to the xda-thread linked , you can download it from here or here . once installed and started , it gives you a simple interface to select actions from , including rooting the device install a custom recovery backup/restore partitions flash roms and bootloader and more . if i read the description correctly , the toolkit should work for gingerbread and ice cream sandwhich .
it seems like others have had this problem as well : http://www.reddit.com/r/galaxynexus/comments/19y0a9/galaxy_nexus_screen_turn_on_durring_lock_screen/ http://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/mobile/pa5jzh-oj4o http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=39625 it is a bug in android 4.2 , specifically with the samsung galaxy nexus . i imagine you recently updated your phone , which is why it has only been occurring as of late . it looks like the cause is from app notifications being pushed to the device and waking it up . here are some common apps that have been known to cause this problem : wechat sleep mode apps mx player dropsync disabling auto-sync has also been known to solve this problem : settings> data usage> and disable auto sync and restrict background data some people have also had success just doing a factory reset . a lot of people have had a lot of success getting rid of this problem by reverting back to 4.1.2 . others have followed this approach and had a lot of success : i had this same problem and i tried disabling apps , uninstalling apps , and factory resetting all with no success . what fixed it for me was taking a very small flat-head screwdriver and gently bending the pins of the micro usb connector up ( towards the screen side ) . over time and through usage , those pins got bent downward , away from the screen side . i think this created some kind of electrical short . i tried this because when the phone was plugged in , the screen stayed asleep . my gnex is now working perfectly again . i hope this helps someone ! how to fix problem the problem is that the hooks inside your charging port are too close to the bottom . therefore with a small knife or needle , life the middle part up nearer to the screen and voila ! your problem should be fixed . its not the software . its the hardware . this seems to be a very weird problem with a lot of different causes . some people have had success with removing or modifying the software , other people think that it is the pin problem . if you get any of these solutions to work , let me know . hope this helps ! john
you can exec this command from the pc $ adb shell screenrecord /sdcard/video.mp4  need android 4.4 ( which you should have ) . devbytes : android 4.4 - recording app videos : http://youtu.be/etzrxxok_bs
although you do not have a screenshot , they are most likely apps that have recently been installed , updated , or have updates ready . i can give you more specific help if you post a screenshot .
have you tried pasting the rss url into rhythmbox/gpodder or another podcatcher , and transferring to device ? after selecting the podcast in the podcasts section , simply drag and drop to the device on the left side of rhythmbox when it is connected . you may have some success with apps on the phone , specifically , i had seen something for subscribing itunes podcasts in podax . i was having a similar problem accessing my university media on android , and rewrote the tunesviewer app for android access , which may work better for you depending on what you are trying to access .
these guys recommend isyncr as a solution . cons : it is not free , and it will not sync copy-protected content .
alternatively i can recommend the itunes u app “tunespace” for android
i throw the podcast feeds into my google reader account , and then use google listen on my droid , automatically downloads the pod casts
you will need to flash an other package after you install cwm . the galaxy siii has checks in its start up scripts that if the recovery has been modified it will replace it with the stock recovery . you can try this root package and flash it after you flash cwm . besides installing su and superuser , this removes the scripts that does the recovery check . the actual scripts that are responsible are : /system/etc/install-recovery . sh /system/etc/recovery-from-boot . p the package , that i linked , will install root , busybox , and it renames these files so they do not execute . when the device boots , these scripts run and check the recovery , if you modify it , it replaces it with stock . the only way around it is to stop these scripts from running .
it is possible that the button is stucked . all you have to do is hold down the power button until it works .
use @znewman ' s method to backup your data . as for what is wrong with the phone , a similar thing happened to my nexus one sometime back . it just kept on loading and never actually finished booting . just go to the boot screen or what ever it is called , ( usually when you turn on the phone keep the volume down button pressed and press power button ) and do a factory reset and it should be fine .
as far as i can tell this is what you need to do . note : this information comes from my research and not my experience and while this may make your phone usable you may lose your data . i suggest removing your microsd card as it is most likely where your pictures and video are : download odin from here register at sammobile here download your firmware here open odin put your firmware . tar file in the pda box and tick pda ( do not tick or untick anything else ) attach your phone to your computer using your usb cable and click start . do not do anything else until it is done .
you can turn off your mobile data while playing the games . Settings &gt; More Settings &gt; Mobile Networks &gt; Deselect "Mobile Data" but with this , you can not sign in to google play games service ( if available in the game ) .
go keyboard also has an up button . you will just need to launch the editor .
1 ) if this game has to tested on your device and if you have the source code of the project you can disable or change the listener of button or what components it may be . the constants for catching the up button click event you may see in the activity . class is the following ; KeyEvent.KEYCODE_DPAD_UP  or KeyEvent.KEYCODE_CHANNEL_UP  you can change this constant with other keyevent constants . see link : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/view/keyevent.html 2 ) if this game does not have to be tested on your physical device , then there is emulator option whose virtual keyboard has many buttons . while creating android virtual device you have a bunch of screen options , ram storage , etc . you can create virtual device whose hardware is almost same with your physical device . after that you can push the . apk file by using adb-install command and test it on virtual device .
im not familiar with your device , is the big thing in the middle on the bottom a trackpad type device ? i.e. can you use it to scroll a long page if you rub your finger over it like you would a laptop trackpad ? if so then rubbing that thing with an upward motion should send the dpad_up event , which i assume that game is listening for . you might also try pressing on the top edge of this button thing , perhaps the whole thing is a dpad of sorts . if that thing is not able to scroll at all then im afraid you are probably s.o.l. the game is listening for an event that your device is incapable of sending . if you are interested in development then let this be a lesson to consider all device types and input schemes when designing your interface . {rant} what is with the trackball hate ? the first several devices had trackballs on them , and it was an excellent input method , now they have moved them all to this optical / touch sensor crud {/rant} edit : so even if your device does not have any type of trackball type device you are not entirely sol after all . https://market.android.com/details?id=com.pedrocorp.virtualtrackballhl=en that is an app that will give you a virtual d-pad or trackball . there might be a free one if you search around . p.s. if anyone with influence over hardware design happens to see this : making a device with no d-pad type input is terrible , it makes so many interactions needlessly awkward . please do not do it .
if you are testing snake from the android applications examples , you should modify the code in order to include the gesture class . i simply have done this by hooking the event_key manager by the gesture events . good training to get familiar with the gingerbread api :- )
well , if you have cyanogen , you could download swype , and go into the settings of cyanogenmod to show the keyboard on menu hold . then you could go into the edit menu , and press the up button .
you cannot track your building 's movements with the gps . its accuracy is not better than ~10m . if your house does move that much , you will not need any hardware to detect it .
the solution i use for similar situation is trekbuddy . i am sure you will discard the idea of using this app if you did not understand it well . hence , read through its description in its play site and their forums . it requires little homework before any such serious use . but once you know your way ( pun intended ) through the application , it will be a breeze . with this app , you can plan your route on computer export it as gpx and together with few mp3 files you can create a turn-by-turn pre-planned navigation . be aware that if you miss your turn this will not reroute you back . you have to see the map that and continue either on the new route or try to join the pre planned route . to know about its other uses , take a look at my answer for the question " how to import gps coordinates track for using offline " you may also try osmand . you can create a pre planned route and export as gpx file . osmand can be configured to use this pre defined route . i could not get my head through the options and configurations to make this work . but from reading its help , i understand that this can do the above and even reroute in case if you miss your turn . personally , i like trekbuddy for its simplicity and its many features as i described in my answer to the other question . if you happen to succeed with osmand , please share your procedure with us . update : after reading through the forum pages of trekbuddy , i finally figured out how to use a pre planned turn by turn navigation feature and i tried today to ensure it is working . the steps involved are ( from scratch ) : install trekbuddy either from playstore or from their download link . run the app with gps switched on . press Menu and press Start and wait for gps fix . if gps fix is a success you will see the cross hair at your location in the world map . to display a map , you have to download raster map tiles from the service provider . these tiles are to be placed in a particular format and an application called mobac comes for rescue . this app creates such map tiles , indexes and even compress . various map sources like openstreetmap , opencyclemap , google maps* , google terrain* , google earth satellite* , yahoo maps etc can be used . explaining how to create a map will be bit out of scope here , and i will leave it to a rare tutorial available here in german . assuming you had successfully created a tarred atlas ( collection of map tiles as said above ) , you have to place the .TAR file and its subfolder inside \mnt\sdcard\Trekbuddy\maps folder . to load the map , press Menu button and touch Maps option and select the *.Tar file . depending on how you had layered the atlas , layers might appear in the next screen and if so , select a layer . trekbuddy might prompt you to mark this as default atlas . if acceptable click Yes and you will save all this step doing again . one map is loaded , you can ensure it by tapping any where in the screen , which will show the cross hair on your location in the map as identified by the gps . in your computer plan a route and mark turning points as waypoints . as an example , in this following image six waypoints are marked as wpt1 . . wpt6 . in computer , using a text editor , create a gpx file with following template . place the gpx file created as above in \mnt\sdcard\Trekbuddy\wpts folder . place sound files in amr format ( mp3 not tested ) in \mnt\sdcard\Trekbuddy\sounds folder . the file name of these files should be as mentioned in the gpx file . and finally , in trekbuddy app , press Menu , Navigation , Waypoints and choose the above gpx file . then choose the final waypoint , in this case wpt6 and press menu again and choose NavigateTo . when you start moving approach wpt1 , the sound assigned to wpt1 will be played . the setting Settings-&gt;Navigation-&gt;Wpt Proximity determines the proximity radius . the value is in meters and when the current gps position is within this imaginary circle , the sound will be played . i believe it has been discontinued since mobac version 1.9 onward due to legal pressure . old versions are not officially available but are still at large .
you could also give locus map free a try . this app can import gpx fine as well , and you can use the track as " route " to be navigated on . from the app 's description : voice navigation and guiding full support for online voice navigation voice and notification guiding on single waypoint ( by compass or on the map ) and along path side-effect of locus : you can also import complete kmz files ( zipped kml ) , including images and descriptions . i use that for creating my own travel guide when going on vacation , with my personal pois and stuff researched on the web . another plus : it can work completely offline . map material can be downloaded right from within the app using different sources . as for navigation , you need to calculate the route in advance ( but importing tracks does the same ; ) . from there on , no network connection is required anymore . tested this multiple times , works great .
i have found a very promising app to solve this problem . osmand . i have been looking for a wa to import a gpx of a trail system to know where i am while dirtbiking . so far i have been able to import a gpx showing a pre-recorded map of the trail . i was also able to download the entire state road/trail map easily from the app for offline use . osmand has many other features i have not explored yet .
cuesheet paired with http://ridewithgps.com works well . on the website , you can easily plan/modify a travelling route that will then be imported in cuesheet . the route can be very complicated with many twists and turns . english turn by turn instructions are created at the same time . also , you can insert your own instructions in the list if you want . after saving the route on the website , you run the cuesheet on your phone/tablet . after you sign into your ridewithgps account using the app , you will see a list of routes you have planned on the website . pick one and it will download to your android device with its turn by turn instructions . in the app you are also given the option to download the map so there is no need of internet connection to use the guiding . it is not perfect since it can give many false off course warnings , but it is by far the best combination of flexible route planning and voice guiding i have found . it costs 4 usd for the version with voice guiding .
yes , the tech specs on htc 's site states that its platform is android 2.2 ( froyo ) .
according to this forum post , there are a few media players on the android market that will play them ( possibly with a little chop and jitter ? ) natively on the phone .
rockplayer supports . mov files ( at least the ones that i have attempted to view ) . the gui is not fantastic , it is basically just a file manager look , but i do not find myself watching video on my phone much . there could be additional options as well .
there is a much cleaner solution to this , which will work if you have email notifications in the status bar , and can turn internet access on from the status bar widgets . i found it in this xda-developers thread ; many thanks to aps786 for getting me out of a fix . problem already solved but just for others visiting this thread , there is a way to get rid of the issue ( which worked for me ) . when there was crash in adw launcher , statusbar still works . this is to key to get back to original theme ( as you can not access settings directly to set default theme ) opened status bar , start internet . from another device ( or desktop machine ) , send a mail to yourself with google play link for the new theme you just installed your status bar will now have new mail notification ( assume its activated ) now access your mail app and open the link from the mail now you have browser app opened with google play page you will have uninsatll option for that theme . just do it . now as new theme is uninstalled , your default theme will come in picture and everything will be normal . i hope this will help others fall in similar situation after installing new theme . i suspect you could also do this using sms , whatsapp , or any messaging application that can get to your notification bar .
try installing another launcher . then press the home key and it will ask you which launcher to use . select the " new one " . then try going in to settings -> applications -> manage applications -> adw and clear the data . you will probably also want to delete the " settings backups " that are stored on the sdcard , if you created them . then you should be able to switch back to adw . if you can not get to the market to install another launcher , you will probably have to side load i using adb . or as lie ryan suggests , use the market web interface to install another launcher .
you can use google voice with a non-smart phone , but it will be somewhat limited . if the only device you carry is the dumb phone , you will not be able to do any calling over wifi ( obviously ) . however , if you carry a wifi android device with you , you can set up google voice over wifi using a few methods , such as grooveip , or sip droid with these setup instructions . to only show your google voice number to callees when using your non-smart prepaid , follow option 1 in this answer . note that it will cost you 10-15 seconds each time you call someone , as the phone will manually dial the number after calling your own google voice number . receiving calls will not take up any extra time . if you do not care about your friends and families having 2 numbers for you , you do not need to do anything different for your prepaid . just know that if they call you on your non-gv number , you will not be able to accept it on your wifi android device ( it will not ring ) . you would need to explain that they should only ever call you on your gv number .
those are the correct permissions and owner/group for hosts . beyond that , you would need to add additional information to your question for further assistance .
i think that there is another element to this - but i have not determined what it is - there is one magnet in the front of the flip cover lets the device know that the cover is open or shut - but it will not work unless the case back is attached to the phone - and there are some contacts in the back cover of the flip case that connect to the phone - i cannot find any magnets in the case back , so i presume that the connections in the case back let the phone know that there is a flip cover installed . i am working on figuring the rest of this out because i would like to use a different case ( not the flip ) and have a magnet in my holster to unlock the phone when i take it out of the holster .
magnetic flip covers use hall effect sensor to switch screen on n off , for example you can cover ur screen with a magnet n the screen goes blank , so does the hall effect sensor
its simple . there are hidden magnets in the front part of the flip cover . these magnets tell the device that sview flip cover is attached . the glass window that is on the cover is conductive , through which you can operate only that much part of the screen leaving the rest of the screen non operable to avoid accidental touch . the idea behind is just like the apple smart cover . what makes the sview flip cover different is the conductive window functionality to accept or reject calls etc .
you could yry using jbed . jbed is a program designed to offer the possibility to use java applications ( . jar files i believe ) on devices with the android os . i have never used it so can not personally vouch for it .
generally this is not possible as although android-flavored java has the same syntax and semantics as typical java , it does not run on the same virtual machine ( google has its own vm that android phones all ship with and which has a different byte code format than conventional java vms ) nor does it use or have access to oracle 's java standard library . google reimplemented most of the important elements ( e . g . google has its own implementation of hashmap , arraylist , etc . ) and ditched a lot of other stuff ( e . g . there is no swing package in google 's library ) .
yes , you can check the SHA1 or MD5 checksum . you did not specify which rom you are downloading . let 's have a look at the nexus stock roms : https://developers.google.com/android/nexus/images#mantaray there is a download link and a version number and checksums listed like that : version : 4.2.2 ( jdq39 ) link : https://dl.google.com/dl/android/aosp/mantaray-jdq39-factory-d79f489e.tgz md5: b7a1162fb4e617143306ef6c4ca6c040 sha1: d79f489e1001d183b31d8a407b47cd5b8e9505cd to verify a checksum you can do it via command line : $ md5sum mantaray-jdq39-factory-d79f489e.tgz b7a1162fb4e617143306ef6c4ca6c040  or : $ openssl sha1 mantaray-jdq39-factory-d79f489e.tgz SHA1(mantaray-jdq39-factory-d79f489e.tgz)= d79f489e1001d183b31d8a407b47cd5b8e9505cd  if it matches with the one stated at the google page , you can assume the file is not corrupted or modified . note : linux , macos , windows the terminal commands only work out of the box in macos or linux . to verify checksums in windows there is a tool by microsoft called checksum integrity verifier .
the -12 failure code indicates INSTALL_FAILED_OLDER_SDK , meaning that the app was built for - and requires - a version of android that is newer than the version you have on your device ( source ) . for example , you should get this error if you had an android 1.6 device and tried to install an app which required android 2.1 ( or higher ) . you would need to either : update your device to a newer version of android somehow , or ask the app developer if it is possible to build the app for an older version of android .
that " thing " is called " homescreen " or " launcher " ( depending on what aspect of it is addressed ) . and you can long-press an empty space on it , then select to add an app , shortcut , or widget . selecting " app " should list up all available apps , so you can pick the one you want on your homescreen . that is it , you should now find an icon on your homescreen to launch the app . a second way to achieve the same is to open the app drawer , and long-press the icon of the app you want to add to your homescreen . usually , the drawer then " blends out " , and you should see your home screen ( s ) . still holding the icon pressed , move it to the place where you want it to be , then let it go . one more hint : the homescreen cannot be handled via " symbolic links " from within the file system . which shortcut exists on which screen and at what position etc . is stored in the app preferences of the homescreen .
there are a number of apps in the market that allow access to apps only after inputting a password . for your second problem , i hope there is some way of preventing a user from putting a sim of choice ( either by encasing the device in a lockable case or something ) and then configuring your wifi router to only allow access to the site in question and block all other requests .
read an article at this location http://www.anandtech.com/show/4502/tmobile-g2x-review-gingerbread-infused/9 seems to be a software problem . imho root and flash cyanogen or install the rom after reading in xda
for random shut downs , that is definitely a loose battery problem . stick some dental floss ( i used oral-b glide floss ) in the side opposite the battery connectors . i used that floss because it is a bit spongy when you bunch it up but at the same time hard . used about 1.5 feet of it bundled up in my nexus s phone . when you push the battery in , make sure it is tight , but not too tight . this will force the battery to remain contacted at the pins . when the battery is loose and can disconnect from the pins ( for even a fraction of a second ) , you get an open circuit and the phone shuts off completely ( no power ) .
i do not have a reference for you , except maybe the wikipedia definition of gross profit , but i assume it means the apps that have brought in the most money . [ price ] x [ number of times downloaded ] - [ returns ] ( not an exact algorithm . )
top grossing : applications and games generating the most revenue , including app purchases and in-app payments from market help page
as far as i am know , cyanogenmod is not yet available for the droid 3 . while there maybe someone working on bringing it to that device , it currently is not " supported " . you can look at the wiki page , i think it is one of the more updated pages for supported devices , but then again , it also has not been updated since january . the " most accurate " sites to see if a device is supported is the cm-nightly changelog site and the download site . the nightly changelog site may show devices , but that does not mean they actually have a " stable " version . you would have to check the download site to see if there is a stable version . but as i said , i do not see the droid 3 on there right now . i believe the " codename " for the droid 3 is the " targa " i do want to add , that if you know of a way to root then rooting the device should be possible , you just wont be able to flash cm7 ( for now ) .
my wife and i each have a samsung galaxy nexus phone and i have seen this exact issue from both of our phones . the devices can get into this bizarre state where they have a dead battery , yet will not charge when plugged into a charger . on our phones the solution is to remove the battery , wait a few minutes , then insert the battery and apply power from a charger . from there we get the battery charging icon without the device powering up . have you tried disconnecting the batter from the rest of the tablet ? there is an image here showing which connector to pull : disconnect battery on samsung galaxy tab 10.1 also , some devices can power up with the battery disconnected and only connected to wall power . i am not sure if the galaxy tab 10.1 behaves in this way , but since you have already cracked the case it is worth a shot .
i remember reading where someone had a similar problem with his droid x ( software failure , and the bootloader / recovery mode does not charge the battery ) , so he provided the voltage directly long enough to flash / boot normally , then reconnected the charger and battery . if you can at least get it into the " device is off but charging the battery " mode , you should be fine from there . sorry i can not be more specific in regards to your specific tablet .
final answer ( to wrap up the question ) [ short version ] : battery was utterly dead , when popped open and measured at the tabs , voltage was under the safe minimum . new battery ordered from ebay plugged in , tablet worked ! just had to to escape from a boot cycle of doom , root and install cyanogenmod 9 alpha ( of which there are numerous available tutorials for both of these around the web )
prolog : i faced a similar problem of a seemingly hard-bricked samsung galaxy tab ( not sure which model ; a rather modern one ) . when reading xda-developers on this matter , among many discussions of this topic , i stumbled upon an article which was slightly off-topic , but still interesting for me to look through it : it dealt with modifying the hardware at home ( jumpers , soldering ) , so that it becomes like a " developer board " ( used at samsung ) , with more special modes of operation ( here : unbrickable mod ) . and it said under " special instructions": a potential solution : the normal battery charging sequence [ after the modification ] can be activated by holding power for 4 seconds , then plugging in the device i had the crazy idea to try this on the dead device , although this was not advertised as a method to unbrick the normal , unmodified galaxy tab hardware . ( no other method had worked , like charging for many hours , or pressing various button combinations . ) my story : so i pressed the power button , held it for at least 4 secs , and then without releasing it , plugged the charger into the tab . and it powered on ! ( it was 100% charged . ) i thought about this in the following way : some error occured in the powering-on-and-charging circuit , and the described trick reset it , and forced a normal mode in it . epilog : perhaps , what did the trick was the other method mentioned here : to hold the power button , and touch the screen . i am not sure .
you do not have to go via your browser ( chrome , or some other browser in this case ) to reset your default app settings though , you can do this from settings > apps . click the " settings " dots in the top right hand corner and then choose " reset app preferences " . your phone will now reset all app preferences and start asking you again what browser to use .
fixed ! i posted a similar question on xda . forums and was pointed in the right direction relating to fastboot protocol . my device was not showing as installed correctly in device manager and nothing seemed to fix it , re-installing/driver updates etc . i started from scratch by uninstalling the original nabi drivers , java , sdk and adb drivers . ( i kept windows 8 usb unsigned drivers installed ) . i re-installed java , sdk , and adb drivers . i did not install the original nabi drivers . after re-installing everything , in device manager my device had no conflicts and when fastboot was selected in &lt ; 3e> recovery i then got the second fastboot protocol menu up and was able to use the command line to send the twrp image file to the device . ; 0 ) success .
i have a moto g as well ( small world ) and also had this problem when connecting to my school 's wifi network ( even smaller world ) . it appears like the moto has trouble autodetecting encryption settings on some networks . you can probably get it working by long pressing on the network , selecting modify network , and then changing the ' eap method ' and phase 2 authentication ' options to whatever your network requires them to be . get a friend to open their wifi settings and then copy whatever they have set . a reconnect should grant you access . please let me know if you have any questions or feedback .
when you switch sim cards , the phone does a factory reset . it thinks you sold the phone to someone else , or something . if you did not back up the contacts that were on the phone storage , they are lost .
if like most people you use a google account on your android phone , import your contacts to your google account , then they will be on any future android phone as soon as you sign in .
i found a pre-installed app on the htc wildfire transfer data that transferred all contacts and sms from the old sonyericsson phone , it was exactly what i needed .
you can copy all your sim contacts to htc wildfire s . import them as phone contacts , google contacts , or exchange activesync contacts , if you have set up the relevant accounts . from the home screen , tap > people . on the all tab , press , and then tap import/export > import from sim card . if you have google or exchange activesync accounts set up on htc wildfire s , tap the type for the imported contacts . do one of the following : tap one or more sim contacts you want to import . to import all contacts , press , and then tap select all . tap save .
two questions : are you sure the sim contacts were really imported or only displayed . is the option to show phone contacts checked after you changed the sim . if you go to contacts , press menu -> import/export -> import from sim card . the sim contacts should be imported into the phone and remain there . it is then just a matter of getting phone contacts displayed .
follow these steps : open contacts . you can reach this from the contacts shortcut in your app drawer or home screen , or via the contacts tab in your phone dialer . press the menu button . select import/export . select export from sim . click select all , or manually tick each contact you wish to copy to the phone . you may be asked where to copy the contacts to ; select the appropriate option . it takes no more than a second or two to copy over a few hundred contacts , so you will be done in less than the time it takes to send yourself just one via sms .
as mentioned on it is wikipedia page , android 's core is developed in c and c++ , and java is used for the ui . you can see this for yourself if you browse the android source code . for example , omapzoom . org provides the source for browsing without the need to downloads gigabytes of data .
as you told in question itself , android is linux based . so obviously the core is developed using c . on top of this , java is used for ui ( ie : android ) .
apparently not . i checked with some people on xda . i just rooted and upgraded to cm10 .
there is not , and there are several reasons why this list would be bad for android users:- every new app starts at zero downloads . focusing on the number of downloads alone would keep old apps at the top of the list , even if they have stopped being updated , while making it much harder for new apps to take off . even among apps that are all as popular as each other , the older one would always be higher in the list . if a million people downloaded an app but uninstalled it right away , that means it is less likely to be good , not more likely . using only number of downloads would give you the wrong information . free apps get more downloads than paid apps , because there is less risk : if it does not do what you want , or it does not work , or you just do not like it , you can uninstall it again . there is already a widespread feeling in the industry that only free apps can survive in the market , for this reason . this is what is led to the growth of apps with ads ( and no option to pay to remove them ) , and microtransaction-based games . making a list based on only downloads would further depress the sales of paid apps , driving the industry towards making more microtransaction-based games and apps . google play already has a big problem with fake downloads , ratings , and reviews . unscrupulous developers pay ( say ) $1 a time for a download with a five-star rating . the download might be performed by a user in an affiliate scheme ( so he gets paid , or some other reward , for downloading the app ) or using devices with malware . it is an arms race between google finding these scams , and the unscrupulous agencies performing them . the fact that google keeps the exact method it uses to decide which apps to show secret is its main tool in making the system hard-to-game . having a list based on downloads alone would make fake-downloads more effective , which in turn makes the list even less useful , and would increase the value to hackers of compromised android devices and google accounts . it seems you have already realised a little about these differences : in one part of your question , you ask about " number of downloads " , then about " which apps people are downloading the most " ( i.e. . recently , not total number of downloads ever ) , and then later you want to know " which apps are actually used the most " . these are all different quantities . to come up with the right answer to all your questions , you need a number that is based on the number of downloads over time , weighted to take more recent popularity into account more , along with the " bounce rate " ( how many users uninstall the app right away or after a single use ) , and users ' ratings , also considering the statistical difference between free and paid apps . on top of this , it needs to discourage people gaming the system by not giving too much weight to any one parameter . this is exactly what google play already does .
this answer cheats a little , by suggesting a competitor site for downloads . i use appbrain appmarket , because its recommendations are broader , and collected over a variety of dimensions - hot today , hot this week , all-time popular , highest rated , latest , popular by country , demographics ( men , women , age ( young , 20s , 30s , and older ) ) . this is more data than google 's play store carries or reports .
originally posted by @ott-- in the comments , this answer did the trick . i am posting it as an answer since ott-- has not . is not the target named /sdcard or /storage/sdcard and not /system/sdcard ?
it was beacause i power it up via usb . it sets it is own clock speed to 300mhz . when i power it up via 5vdc power supply , it runs on 1ghz .
rooted or not : logging in via adb shell first brings you to a user-prompt only ( connected with the " shell " account ) . in order to work with root , you need to " escalate " your permissions by invoking su: &gt; adb shell shell@mako:/ $ su #  apart from that , there are a few root checker apps available as well . . .
sounds like you actually did type up your message , but hit the back key by accident , or , did not supply the number for the intended person to receive your text , which gets saved in drafts . when you go into messaging , you should see " ( draft ) " by the message , go into that message and there should be a ' send ' button beside the text entry box where you compose the message , tap that , it should go straight away . try it and let us know how that goes for you . : )
i doubt very much that your battery is actually gaining energy , what with the conservation of energy and all that . instead i imagine that the meter is fairly inaccurate , and is inaccurate in a different way just after you turn on the phone , than when the phone has been running a while .
short answer : yes . it depends on the currently enabled wi-fi sleep mode . by default , android disables wi-fi when your device goes into a sleep . in this case , 3g is the remaining mode of network communication , and it gets used by gmail/gtalk push notifications , etc . obviously , this network communication takes its toll on your battery time . if you disable 3g you will save some battery , but your device will be completely offline while in sleep . however , if your wi-fi is " always on " , your 3g will never be used , so it does not really matter if it is on or off . however , " always on " wi-fi is a big battery drain by itself . . . update : note that sleep modes and sub-system energy consumption differ from phone to phone . moreover , 3g energy consumption varies greatly , depends on which background services are enabled , proximity of the cellular tower , etc . i have not seen any " authoritative " documentation on this subject . i suggest you check your battery stats ( in Settings -&gt; Battery ) and see how cellular communication affects your battery time overall . usually , it is a very small percentage , so in general dialing your screen brightness a down a notch will have much greater effect on your battery life .
i have a huawei u8510-1 ( android 2.3.4 gingerbread ) and when i got it my battery was having a low duration between recharges . after some tests , by disabling and enabling stuff , the battery cycle started to last more , about 2x more , with the 3g disabled . for me was great since i always use wifi . but this was not enough , the battery cycle still given me a short period of time , forcing me to recharge the phone more or less every two days . the best solution that saved my day and allowed me to really save the battery , thus increasing each battery charge cycle was this app : easy battery saver free it works and really makes a difference . now i charge my phone one , max two times a week , depending on the usage . : ) so , by my personal experience , disabling 3g even if it is not being used , helps saving the battery life , but does not make that much of a difference compared to an app solution . related reading on this subject : what drains more my battery ? wifi , dataconnection ( 3g ) or gps . android how to improve battery life on your android how to save battery life on your android phone by disabling 3g
i do not know the specifics about n10 , but i found out an issue with my n7 . when i bought it i got usb otg/host working , but now when i tried with 4.2 it does not work anymore ! i found out that it was configured incorrectly . if you check /etc/permissions/tablet_core_hardware.xml you should see line android.hardware.usb.host in there , but after 4.2 upgrade it was not there anymore . so for me it looks like the only way to get it working is to root the device . :- ( i wonder why it has been taken out .
unless you are paying for the service from your carrier , you can root your phone and install a tethering app from here . if you would rather not root your phone , you could go with pdanet from the market .
if you have android 2.2 , the functionality is built in so there usually is no need to install a separate app . just go to : settings > wireless and networks > tethering and portable hotspot . however , depending on your phone , it is possible that your carrier has locked down this functionality . if this is the case , you can either root your phone and install a clean android 2.2 such as cyanogenmod , or you can call your carrier and pay their fee to enable it .
the bigger pattern lock is a cyanogenmod feature that was introduced in 10.1 late last year . i do not believe it is currently included in stock android . https://plus.google.com/+cyanogenmod/posts/ehpv1qcoruc
viber has not been tested on bluestacks , as it is not a platform that supports viber on its own . however , in order to have a contact list , viber syncs to the device on which it is installed . you can try deleting viber and re-installing to see if it syncs with your contacts . other than that , there is not much that we can assist with .
as the screenshot clearly shows , the app to take screenshots and the app to indicate the battery level never got closed . yes your are absolutely correct , even it display no of application are closed it actually free resources used by application . as per my understanding it closes some running services which are nothing but ui less applications . some applications which are installed in device uses this service for many reasons such as alarm clock , or to check periodic update of an applications etc . there are some service though that even you close them manually they just get restarted .
there are 2 possibilities : go to google calendar and add your event ( reocurring and ending at a specific date ) using the app : add a reocurring ( never ending ) event , then go to the first date you do not want the event to occur any more and delete it with option this and future events
i have never found a way to copy and paste a calendar event - something for the wish list ! but . . . you can use the repeat function within the event to repeat it to your requirements .
some custom roms have problems with displaying the correct mac addresses . . atleast my cm7 rom has this problem that makes it troublesome to connect to wifi . try to investigate on that matter .
certain public networks have their own firewall to protect the network . some are password protected with encryption . wi-fi has its own limit and boundaries . to connect to public networks it needs its access permission .
if your phone is waiting for an ip address , then your wifi is connected . and the third last row in your log seems to confirm this status : 03-19 13:12:22.441 D/AutoSetting( 4710): Util - wifi connected if you can not get a valid ip address , then : the network does not have a dhcp server the network has been explicitly instructed not to give ip addresses to everybody ( a whitelist ) your wifi lost a dhcpoffer packet so it is not able to go on with the negotiation the interesting part of the third case is that it is not necessary for the signal strength of the network to be excessively low . i suspect that also the implementation of the network components has its role in such cases . for example , i recently had lots of issues setting up a temporary wpa2 network using hostap on my home computer . my android phone simply refused to get an ip address more than half of the times . whatching my dhcpserver logs i noticed that the negotiation procedure stopped just because my phone stopped answering packets in the middle of the negotiation for apparently no reason . well , i did not investigate further the problem ( too much time lost with it ) but now i know that there are really many things that can go wrong setting up a wpa network .
a possibility is that the network is in range , but not strong enough to be connected to . i get this occasionally on my device - i can see the wifi hotspot in the settings menu , and attempt to connect to it , but it just stays stuck on ' connecting ' for a while , and then gives up . i attributed this to the network signal not being strong enough , as if i moved closer to the router , it would connect .
many public wifi hotspots require a user to log in via a web page . sometimes , there is a trial offer like for 30 minutes after which one might need to pay for extended use etc . it is best that you enquire with the tech support / help desk of the mall/airport / organization that provides the access . update : also , in case the hotspots are configured as ad-hoc networks , android devices by default do not connect . there are some ways around this though . depends on your phone and os and of course , one needs to be rooted .
long press the notification and select " app info " . this will take you to the application which is responsible for the download , which you can then force stop .
apologies for resurrecting an old thread but i just had the same problem of needing to stop a download and solved the problem by activating aeroplane mode . a less invasive solution and more easily reached in the ui - for anyone else ending up here from google ( like i did :- ) )
usually if you long press on the downloading item in download manager there is an option to delete it , thus stopping the download . if this does not work you can clear the download manager 's data . Settings -&gt; Apps -&gt; All Tab -&gt; Download Manager  here press force stop , than clear data . now reboot .
let 's say : without rooting the device , it is quite unlikely to be possible . on a rooted device , one could symlink the download folder to a folder located on the sdcard , and thus trick the system to directly download to the card ( the way link2sd works with installing apps on sdcard ) .
it is not possible afaik look at those two links : http://forums.androidcentral.com/android-applications/246277-download-install-apps-sd-card.html http://androidforums.com/samsung-galaxy-precedent/620201-there-way-download-apps-straight-sd-card.html but you can download it and move to sd card . for that see this link
you will have to be rooted to control from home screen . button savior root will do this for you . you can also download and install volume control + which allows you . to . modify the volume without a rooted device - you will have to use the widget or app ui however .
i suggest you better battery stats , it is what you are looking for .
check rf signal tracker also open signal maps
there are a some apps available which would answer your question . the probably best ones include . . . nosignalalert , which not only alerts you when you lost the signal , but also provides a log 1 of those events , and lets you even browse those " dead zones " on a map and display the collected log information along 2 opensignalmaps , offering similar features , and giving you the ability to show nearby cells 3 ( so if your signal is low , and you want to have a conversation , you can move in the right direction 4 for a stronger signal ) if you are primarily interested in mapping signal quality , antennas might be worth a look as well 5 . it can export collected data to kml , so you can display it in google maps / google earth on your computer as well . then there also is already mentioned rf signal tracker , again rather interesting for mapping 6 , which additionally tracks wifi signal last but not least : g-nettrack is also good for mapping 8 of daily routes and the like . what might be of even more interest to you is how to automatically react on a weak signal in order to save some juice . if so , i recommend you taking a look at the question cell standby and how can i keep it from eating my battery ? ( and of course its answer ) .
i found that killing the process associated with the notification worked , with the annoyance of resetting my wallpaper . plugging in something , then unplugging it inappropriately then swiping out the message for that seems to work perfectly . of course , its still a bug , and its an utterly improper way to unmount a drive but it seems to work
yeah this happens on moto x too . you can long press on the notification and click on app info . then force stop the application that posted the notification ( system ui ) . doing so does not seem to affect anything else . annoying we have to do that but better than restarting phone .
thats probably a bug . almost every moto g users are facing that issue . it is expected to be solved in the future update . inform motorola about your issue .
think i found the answer , there is no ramdisk in the blob from the 3.1 patch . . not sure if that is needed or not . . or if we are supposed to patch on top of the 2.6.24.4 kernel , basically i unblobbed it and found just a zimage , the 2.6.24.4 blob has both zimage and a ramfs . .
with google now/voice actions i do not think there is any way to do this . some actions will happen automatically after a short delay ( "note to self . . . " is one i know offhand ; there may be others ) , but text messaging requires you to actually press the " send " button on the card that pops up . however , you could try a third-party app for these specific functions that you had like to be completely hands-free . dragon works a bit more closely to siri , acting in a conversational manner , and will prompt you for a " yes/no " to send a message in a very similar fashion . skyvi is another option you could try , which will send text messages automatically after a 5 second delay ( during which time you can press a " cancel " button to stop the sending ) .
q : how does bump work ? a : there are two parts to bump : the app running on your device and a smart matching algorithm running on our servers in the cloud . the app on your phone uses the phone 's sensors to literally " feel " the bump , and it sends that info up to the cloud . the matching algorithm listens to the bumps from phones around the world and pairs up phones that felt the same bump . then we just route information between the two phones in each pair . q : no way . what if somebody else bumps at the same time ? a : way . we use various techniques to limit the pool of potential matches , including location information and characteristics of the bump event . if you are bumping in a particularly dense area ( ex , at a conference ) , and we cannot resolve a unique match after a single bump , we will just ask you to bump again . http://bu.mp/faq your phone has some idea of where you are using cell phone cells or wifi networks , the are several applications that use that . gps would only work outdoors . so using time of the bump and somewhat accurate location provided by either cell phone cells or wifi networks it can see which two phones are bumping .
usual solution is to remove and re-add the account , on your mobile outlook.com. generally that works . ( obviously you will lose any mails and unsent outgoing mails ( manually save unsent outgoing mails first with some file-manager app , if you need them ) ) . be warned : outlook.com's android sync is very brittle , and their support is nearly non-existent . beware of taking over-the-wire android updates .
it took a lot of effort but i actually found a working solution to my problem . i first updated my phone to latest available android version 2.3.6 and that did not solve my problem . so i installed an app that shows me more details about the network setup of my phone . and after some digging around i noticed what was wrong : my phone did not have a default ipv4 route . how did that happen ? in the dhcp i push a default route ( dhcp option 3 ) ! i realized that when i just had the ipv6 link ( which is part of a whole new internet connection ) my phone did connect to the internet with both ipv4 and ipv6 . so i recreated the original setup and found that in that scenario indeed it does work . so what is different ? it took me two nights with wireshark to track the culprit down . the real reason turns out to be that i have a static route for my dmz which is pushed by my ipv4 dhcp server ( dhcp option 121 ) . when i do that the android phone only shows a route for the local subnet and the additional route i pushed . the default route is lost , hence ipv4 traffic is distorted . apparently android even no longer tries to do ipv4 dns requests ( which is the problem i started with ) . all of my other systems ( windows {xp , 7} , linux , android 3 . x ) do not do this and they keep all of the pushed routes and the default route . once i figured out what the problem was i could google more effectively and i found this bug report : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=17525 which in turn led to a workaround that actually works ! ! quote from http://forum.xda-developers.com/archive/index.php/t-635489.html so when looking at the dhcp ack packet you will see the default route in there twice : under option 3 and 121 . quite an unexpected workaround . . . but it works for me . it turns out the android behaviour is correct : http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3442#page-5 "If the DHCP server returns both a Classless Static Routes option and a Router option, the DHCP client MUST ignore the Router option." 
you could report the bug to the android developers , or vote on an existing bug , if there already is one open . this one looks a bit like the issue you are talking about . make sure you explain exactly what is happening , and how they can reproduce the issue .
it sounds very much like the recovery is borked . i recommend using odin to re-flash recovery ( or even the entire rom if you can get ahold of an odin-flashable version ) . here 's a recent guide from xda .
as long as the alarm in fact snoozed and did not get turned off i would think you had be safe , just maybe a bit later than normal . : ) i can not find any other info about how to force alarms to play over notifications or of anyone else having the issue . if you are worried you could silence your phone at night , then notifications would be silent but the alarm would still go off .
it is perfectly possible to skip android versions , but 2.3 has not been released for the galaxy s . see when will my phone get the android 2.3 update ( gingerbread ) ? you could try a custom rom , however ; check out xda 's sgs development forum to find one .
there is a beta version of a custom gingerbread rom made by darky ( http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=814091 ) , but it is still a bit tricky to install and not a stable release . it works almost flawlessly on my phone , but there are some bugs . if you had like to have an official or a stable rom , best to wait .
its power saving symbol and you have to disable from setting for remove symbol .
have you tried sdptool . this link has " sdptool " command syntax . you can issue the command even from adb shell on your connected android phone . but i guess this quires the other bluetooth devices . but this will be good starting point for you .
i do not know about sms but you can block all incoming calls . just go to settings > call settings ( under " device" ) > call blocking and select your preferred settings i.e. block incoming calls .
if you go into storage options on your phone under external sd card there should be an option to unmount sd card for safe removal . select this option and once it is unmounted open the back of the phone eject the sd card , open the back of the galaxy s2 , insert the sd card and you have successfully moved your sd card !
a search of the play store for the phrase " game services " finds about 20 games at the moment . additionally this google docs spreadsheet lists many games with game services integration : https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/lv?key=0aitefls7rhjydfzgufq5mfliu2iznfpmqtazc0jhmk
i recommend getting air swiper with which you can turn on your device just by swiping above the sensor ( which is located with your front camera ) , and you can also turn it off by swiping as well .
adding any number of duplicate ssid 's is possible if you have a unique ip address . in lay man 's terms ssid is nothing but just an identification given to that particular network given to distinguish that network from others for simplicity . what defines that network is it is ip address . if you have a conflict between an ip address then it may be a real problem . for some devices ( like samsung ) you need to check the to display open network connection if available in order to view open connections and for some devices it shows by default . ex:-let 's say you have two network 's with ssid as test . test1 has an open connection available for public use and test2 is for personal use and is encrypted . your mobile device will simply connect to a network whose signal strength is good . as the ip address is different there will not be any conflict and you can do your browsing . in case there is any conflict ( same signal strength ) then the device will ask the user to select the desired network or search for a new network . caution:-browsing an open network for reasons related to finance leads to severe security threats browse at your own risk . an ip address serves two principal functions : host or network interface identification and location addressing . its role has been characterized as follows : " a name indicates what we seek . an address indicates where it is . a route indicates how to get there . the most simple definition for ip address i could give is- ip address act as you house address to which the shipment has to be delivered . if you have two same addresses then to whom will the shipment be delivered . for further details about ip read this
i do not know whether there are projects of this kind . what comes nearest probably is the android-x86 projects that is a port of an android environment on desktop workstations : http://www.android-x86.org/
nothing like that exists yet since the apps are not run natively in the os , but they use dalvik virutal machine instead ( wikipedia ) . it is somewhat comparable to java in the sense that it uses bytecode and creates a separated environment for each app . so unless the dalvik environment is ported to other platforms , they can not be run on normal hardware . there is a project called alien dalvik by myriad that tries to run android apps in different environments , but there is not much info on it . myriad alien dalvik
you can use an alternative sms app , e.g. handcent . i think the spell checking feature is probably htc specific ( afaik , htc has their own sms app ) .
go to : settings-> language and keyboard-> touch input-> international keyboard , and uncheck all the languages except the one that you are texting in .
google maps for android does have a bicycle option . you just have to select it from the drop down menu .
first login to your google account in desktop and open google maps find the route you want to drive and to your left you can see save to my maps click it and save it in your google account then open your google maps in your android mobile in options you can see my places options click on it ( assuming you have internet connection ) the route will be opened in your map you can select get driving directions from there and it will be loaded in your android maps ; ) cheers . . . . . . . . . .
edit : as per lie 's comment below , it looks to be us-only . the proxy site i use apparently changed to hosting in the uk :p i am in canada , and also tried from a us uk ( my bad ) proxy . it does not show up . a quick google search shows that the url for the page with the tablet apps should be https://market.android.com/details?id=apps_tablet_featured . using this link directly does not work either , whereas https://market.android.com/details?id=apps_featured ( the regular featured apps ) does . so i think google just had it up temporarily and took it down . or , if daniel can still see it , they are doing what google normally does : rolling out new features slowly , to only some users at a time .
using a higher current charger will not be a problem . the phone " pulls " current , rather than having the current " pushed " to it by the charger , so it will only take as much current as it wants , regardless of how much the charger is capable of supplying . by relation , there is no point in getting a charger with a current rating higher than your phone will accept . it is just a waste of money , as your phone will not make use of the extra capability . exactly how much current your phone will accept is usually unspecified and is generally only determinable by direct measurement ( i.e. . put a multimeter in the circuit ) , and thus generally is not practical to exactly determine for an everyday user . 1a chargers are fairly standard and would be completely adequate for almost any phone . chargers with more current than that are generally intended for tablets/phablets which have much larger batteries and will accept more current ( e . g . 10" tablets generally charge at around 2.5a ) . your phone will charge off those fine , but as i said above , just will not take advantage of the extra current capability you paid for .
the 700ma is safer bet but will result in longer charging period than the 1a/850ma . the 1a charger would be charging faster but might not be preferable ( check your battery for the details voltage and current ) . ps : incompatible chargers tend to cause weird ghost touches in the touch screen .
ota updates can only be applied to a completely stock , non-rooted phones , using the stock recovery . if you really want a completely stock gingerbread , you will need to un-root your nexus one and revert to froyo 's stock recovery . see instructions here . alternatively , you can flash one of the custom gingerbread roms . some are very close to " stock " ( only pre-rooted ) while others like cyanogenmod offer other tweaks on top of the original .
according to some users in this thread , application named " superoneclick " is able to successfully root your handset . you will need to install it on your computer ( various windows and linux flavors available ) .
it worked fine for me . i recently replaced my sony xperia z with a nexus 5 . i copied over the titanium backup files and restored them , including google authenticator . no problems to report , i can still connect correctly to sites and apps requiring a code .
check the following android apps on google play despy camera ( free ) volshutter camera
there are many apps . you can go with vosco which is my favorite one but without key mapping ( no hardware button to take pic ) but a great one . otherwise , camera360 is a good choice . also you can go with cameramx ( or mx camera maybe ) or line camera or cymera ( this one has a great range of photo editing tools as well ) . all of these can be customized to take pictures with volume key or so .
probably koush 's helium [ which used to be carbon previously ] might be of help for you . helium does not require root . all android users can use helium to backup and sync android applications . helium lets you backup your apps and data to your sd card or cloud storage [ dropbox , box , google drive ] . android to android app sync [ with helium , you can sync app data from your other android devices -- even if they are not on the same network ] . i am not sure if you have to connect your device to usb if you want to sync to cloud though . i have not used this feature as of yet .
this is a difficult situation , but google might come to your rescue . in 4.1.1 ( on an at and t sgs3 , at least ) , in the Settings app , there are Backup and reset settings ( in the Personal group ) : now , despite the checkmarks , i have never actually used this feature , and there are a number of questions i can not answer ( and i do not have the time at the moment to investigate ) : how often does it back up ? can it be used to restore to a different device ? how can you know that any given app is backed up ? where are the backups stored on google 's servers / can a user access the backups in drive ? you might need to experiment , or do some googleing . i just wanted to get at least this much up here so you can start .
backup via ssh , ftp , smb , webdav , dropbox , google drive . . . . all via file manager . i use it to transfer files back and forth and it works a delicious treat . i highly recommend this application .
open hangouts app -> preference -> account -> logout .
there is no way to do this , other than to disable the hangout application itself . ( go to applications - hangount - click disable )
the availability option has been deprecated in hangout . to make yourself invisible or so , either you have to downgrade to gtalk or the easiest way you can do this by going to your gmail account from your pc . there you should find this availability option .
the boot.img that is responsible for booting up android , has their init scripts embedded in the ram disk of the actual boot.img which mounts the partitions into the respective /data , /cache , /system mount points respectively . by altering the init scripts to hit on the sdcard , could lead to an unstable system , furthermore , reducing the life of the sdcard via wear and tear of the sdcard - why ? the kernel when booting , is loading from the / which is within the same partition as the boot partition - hence the need for the ram disk to be present along with it . it is that , which gets loaded into memory - a temporary file-system , in order for the init scripts to be read in and executed . once the mount points are established , then the ram disk gets removed and thereby , the temporary file-system a lá ram disk , gets " flipped " over to the real partitions at a later stage during the bootstrap . this is where the ram disk comes in - only temporarily , it is through that , the whole process of booting can happen . the chicken and egg is this - the kernel prior to boot , has no idea what partitions are there ! not alone that , by hard-coding the sdcard into the kernel 's init parameter , which is a specific option that can be passed into the kernel upon boot in which it alters the kernel 's processing of the environment . the wear and tear of the sdcard would be significantly increased , not alone that , the entire android ecosystem would drastically change , the api 's have defined internal storage and external storage - so it could lead to confusion in where to store their own content providers for contacts etc , " are we sitting on a external storage or internal storage ? " from the perspective of android itself , bear in mind , the content providers itself are housed in internal storage and from an overall picture , its one of de-facto standard convention for android 's file-systems involved . so to sum up , i do not think that is possible , not ruling out its impossible either but if it can be done , chances are it will be tied intimately to the handset itself , give or take , what manufacturers put in there from a perspective of partition format types ( yaffs , emmc , linusstoreiii , and more importantly , the sdcard handling mechanism from the kernel/hardware viewpoint will be different - am talking about different io addresses here ) and not alone that , differing sizes of the partitions also , this would make the whole concept of android - not exactly portable either due to non-standard scripts found within the ram disk itself .
i think that if you entered in recovery mode ( any of them ) you can use adb to enable frozen apps . it can be done throught the command "adb pm enable packagename" where packagename the app of the keyboard . if you dont remember the exact name use the command "adb shell pm list packages -f" to return all the installed apps and find there the disabled keyboard . an excellent tutorial of how to use adb can be found here http://www.vogella.com/tutorials/androidcommandline/article.html by lars vogel .
i do not think that the above answer is quite correct as when you enter in " recovery mode " ( on an encrypted device ) the /sbin/sh pm command can no longer be used since the device needs a password for decryption . ( i even decrypt my phone and still could not perform the command : ( also thinking about it more running that command to re enable a package would open up a security hole for encrypted devices so this command would of run useless on an encrypted device ( which is not " decrypted " in the first place ) if you have twrp installed as your recovery they have their own keyboard layout which you can enter in your decrypt password and then use one of your backups to revert back ( which i hope you have done ) to recover your keyboard layout . otherwise you will need to install/flash back to your stock rom : (
solved . first of all , i did not know how to enter in recovery mode on cubot gt-99 , but accidentally i enter in it , and i want share this with you because i did not find it on internet . press power for 1 sec and than release . . . phone vibrate . . . immediately after vibration press and hold power and volume+ button . in recovery mode it alows me to : apply update from adb/sdcard/cache wipe data/factory reset wipe cache partition backuo/restore user data i tried to establish a connection with the adb , but it did not work because of encrtyption . i made a backup user data and after that i dona factory reset . the new system had the same problem , there is no system keyboard . so i have installed the swift keyboard from computer using the command adb install %PATH_OF_PACKAGE_ON_PC% . i finally had some keyboard with which i could enter my email address and password to enter in google play . there i installed root app delete ( with which i had previously disabled the system keyboard ) , to re-enable the system keyboard . in the end all i needed is to go to the system recovery and restore user data witch i made before factory reset . that is it . : )
edited 01/30/2014 if you clear the data for google services framework , you can force the ota update to start again . there are a few downsides to this , but with a brand new device , you can safely clear the data and perform the ota update . old answer . . . as deailed in this question , you can download the 4.4.2 image directly from google and install it on your tablet from your computer . one method is to use fastboot : if you are using windows , you will need usb drivers ( official link , and easy mode link , koush 's universal driver ) . the file downloaded includes instructions , which basically boil down to . . . reboot into bootloader/fastboot mode . connect your device to your pc with usb . run the appropriate flash-all file for your desktop os ( windows .bat files and bash .sh files are included with the downloaded android image ) . note : this will also erase all data on your device . make sure you back up whatever you want to . if i remember correctly , there is a flash-base or similar option that will not erase your data , instead of flash-all .
as far as i can tell and from links like this and also this link ( for different devices obviously ) it seems that once the usb is plugged in that is what will charge the device , and the wireless-charging is disabled . the nexus 4 has two main power circuits : 1 ) battery connector and charging circuit and 2 ) wireless charging gen2 circuit . these two work together with internal battery protection circuit as well . there are many controls going on while charging , such as current sensors , thermal sensors , voltage reference and voltage input detection . so basically it has been thought to avoid any problem if you happen to connect both charging supplies at the same time , as only one will act as the charger , and as far as i can understand the logic of it , it’s the usb charging that has priority over wireless charging .
you can not move apps to sdcard on the sony xperia m . unless your device is rooted .
you do not need to disable anything :- ) step-by-step guide : update your recovery to the latest version download this 4.4.3 update and supersu place these files in sdcard boot in recovery wipe cache and dalvik cache flash 4.4.3 update and supersu ( ~15/25 mins ) reboot re-install x-posed framework from its installer re-install custom kernel now you have 4.4.3 and all of your customization without losing data ; - )
according to tested . com , reverting changes made by xposed , making the ota update and enabling xposed tweaks again should be enough . edit : sorry , you need to go back to full stock . here 's step by step guide : xda-developers .
as far as i can tell , it is not logged by the default dialer .
according to " diana fromgameloft " on the gameloft forums : you and your friends have to play the same version of the game on the same platform/device in order to see each other . also " gameloft_ryan " posted on windows phone central forums to say : you can only play cross-platform multiplayer with w8 and wp8 users . there is not cross-platform for android and ios . so unfortunately it looks like gameloft have not included cross-platform multi-player in asphalt 8 , so you and your friend will not be able to play against each other .
it all depends on the developer . some games , like btd5 do not allow cross platform playing , however some do , like spaceteam . its up to the developer if he implements cross platform gaming or not . if its not offered , there is not much you can do about it .
i think this is an unresolvable issue but you can find more info at the link below stackexchange-url
type in keypad *#9900# option 2 delete dumpstate logcat it really works and gets rid of that annoying disk thing at top of notifications and can download again hope it helps . i had the same issue and this worked .
put them on the sd card . app data on the internal storage is completely segregated between users ( regardless of whether they are full or restricted users ) , but there is only one sd card for all users . you can add a fake sd card to an emulator : it is another file on the host system , like the fake internal storage .
here 's a link that covers some methods for changing the system font on some android phones without root , i do not know if it works on your phone as well : http://www.androidauthority.com/how-to-change-the-fonts-on-your-android-phone-32078/
try to flash clockworkmod on the phone . if this is possible you can make a backup of the original system and trying to rescue important files . after this download a new rom thats suitable for your phone and flash this by using clockworkmod . be very sure that you install the right clockworkmod and rom version on your phone and follow the instructions very well .
what you need is download y210 recovery installer - search google for it . do not plug in the phone yet . after that launch y210 recovery installer . i think is rar file from unknown language - my guess is myanmar . now power up your phone into recovery mode . power + down - hold both for 10-15 seconds plug in your usb . click on y210 button - you will not see anything but the program running in background wait for few minutes then the y210 will say ok , ok , ok . unplug your phone and power down . or remove the battery for 5 seconds then power up with power + up you will see recovery mode . go to menu and select turn off signature verification . then go back and install from sd card and select your zip file . that is all --- good luck ! due to os bootloader locked by this feature you can not rooted unless you disable signature verification . after you can root your phone . with y210 root . zip - search for it .
i have also seen the 3 scrolling types you mention below , but it always seemed to me that the 3rd one was more a bug than a feature . the htc desire ( which i have too ) is not known to have a great digitizer , the part of the screen that handles the finger positions and movements . furthermore , it is not " multitouch " , meaning it cannot handle properly more than 1 finger on the screen , although there are tries to support it but i have never seen it work constantly good . see this page for more proof . it is true that it would be a nice feature , maybe on other phones with a better touchscreen and a further version of android with more gestures supported . why not for example scrolling down with 2 fingers would trigger a super-fast scroll or a " go to bottom " action ?
you can use touchdown ( $20 ) : http://www.nitrodesk.com/dk_touchdownfeatures.aspx for the email download size you can set no body .
if i look at my settings for an exchange server i have a ' incoming size ' under ' general settings ' where i can specify ' headers only ' . i am running froyo 2.2.1 on samsung galaxy s .
there are multiple solutions . as i do not know how you tried to download it ( or with which app you received it ) , i will give you a few " blind shots": downloading it with the browser : this might give you the error you described ( see below for a possible solution on this ) , or might simply store the file in your downloads folder ( depending on the browser used ) . in the latter case , the saved file is often mis-named to .epub.html , so you had have to rename it and strip the .html off to be able to open the book with your reader . receiving it with the mail/gmail app : there should be a way to simply " save the attachment " to your sdcard . you need to find the correct folder with some ebook readers ; aldiko might offer you to import it to its library from wherever you have stored it . downloading it with your pc , and copying it to your device : same steps as above after saving the attachment . try moon+ reader as alternative ebook reader app : as far as i remember , moon+ registers itself for the .epub extension , which should completely solve your problem with the error message ( the book would be opened directly in moon+ reader ) . and even if not , it has a lot of opds libraries pre-configured where you can download books from directly from within the app . one or more of above items should help you out of your misery . enjoy ebook reading ! ps : if you like moon+ : until the end of this month ( february 28 , 2013 ) , the pro version ( moon+ reader pro ) is offered for half of its usual price to celebrate its return to the playstore after having been unfairly banned . this is an offer you should take then : )
go to the air gesture settings and deselect " quick glance "
there is some app running that requests a full wakelock ( which requires the screen to be on ) . you might use wakelock detector or betterbatterystats to figure out which app that might be : wakelock detector and betterbatterystats ( source : google play ; click images for larger variant ) both apps show what app held wakelocks in the past . wld is available for free on play , bbs for eur 2 . once you have identified the culprit , you can either re-configure that app to avoid those wakelocks – or check for a replacement with better behaviour ; )
no , as the device will require the new password before it will successfully log in to the play store app to download any apps . again , no as it will not send any data to google because you have changed your password . i am not aware of any way to find out this information . unfortunately by changing your password and ending sessions there is no way to communicate with the device using your google account .
you can also free space when you move the dalvik-cache to the sd-card . the problem is that android uses a cache for the applications effectively double the occupied space in the data partition . together with link2sd it can be very effective .
i do not know how much the installed size of the app is . but considering how the install process works , the explanation might be easy : the .apk is downloaded to /data/local ( internal storage ) for installation , it might require some unpacking , with temporary files again being created on internal storage only after that , the app will be stored to its final location ( in your case , link2sd would then take care to move things to your card ) checking with our insufficient-memory tag-wiki , you will find that the " insufficient memory " error is triggered when available free space on internal storage falls below ~ 25 mb . now let 's make a little math : you have got ~64 mb free there . the .apk is ~18 mb . we need to leave ~25 mb to not trigger the error . so : 64 - 18 - 25 = 21 . if the installation process requires more than 21 mb for temporary files , you have got your explanation . with the ( packed ) .apk file already being 18+ mb in size , it is very likely to break that limit . for a possible work-around , you might want to take a look at configure play store to download temporary files to sd card .
the " bars " actually just state the signal strength – so basically you could have all 5 or whatever bars , but no data at all . data speed depends on multiple other factors not all fully known to me ; one example is " available bandwidth " divided by " connected devices using it " . so if the capacity of the cell tower has been " reached " , even with full bars and superduperwhatsnot+++ data connection : highway full means stop-and-go . not sure if that is the case with your issue ( to find out , you had need to contact your provider/carrier ) – but at least it is one possible explanation . i would expect the device to switch to another " band " in such a case , though ; but it could be there is simply no other one available , or configuration keeps it from doing so .
if you are using an alternative rom to android , it is possible there could be issues with the rom which might be causing it . issues like this have been seen on cyanogenmod roms in the past , especially on nightly builds ( that is , test versions ) . however , they are correct in that it is more than likely due to apps you have downloaded . i have gone without rebooting , clearing caches , etc . for over three months without any degradation .
the effect you are describing is not caused by the os . it is caused by more and more background processes that accumulate over time and maybe more apps registering to system hooks that need to be evaluated when certain events occur . every os that supports this will be vulnerable . my android has run for the past 1 1/2 years without any performance degradation . always question and confront app developers if they run a service in the background for a long time ( without any need/use ) . interval-like started background services that check/pull for some information and terminate after that are fine . google play music is was 1 a perfect example : the app sets an android alarm ( that is not an user alarm , but more a programmatically scheduled event ) in intervals to perform its sync . but some apps start a long-running service that can not be disabled by the user , and if you have many of these running , your performance will in-fact degrade . 1 google music seems now also to run all the time . : ( but there are other good examples of apps , that understand that they should not run all the time . or where the user is able to deactivate the background service . or where the app developer was competent enough to make use of the rich ( push ) api of android provides to keep the impact of the app at a minimum .
answer by flow is correct in that the increased feeling of sluggishness is not caused by the os , it is mainly caused by apps . but there is another effect i noticed , specially on battery life : the more you use your phone , the more you are demanding to its performance ( and battery life ) , even if it is not conscious . ( it is the same for hard-drive sizes : the more you have , the more you need . ) so , it can also be the your level of expectation is slowly raising . i remember i was fascinated by all the powers i had in my hand when i bought my htc magic some years ago . recently , i switched it on to have a look : it still works alright , but , well , now that i used a nexus one and then a galaxy note , i feel it has a very rough ui and very limited powers . my expectation have raised .
it all depends the way you use your phone ( more no of dents rough and tough use ) , the no of years of service of your battery . ( the last time you changed your battery as recommended ) . just follow these steps just try to avoid pro-longed usage of the device for gaming or streaming videos or doing multi-tasking ( streaming high definition videos , parallel texting and downloading content all at once ) as this tends the battery to get heated up . normally it should not get the heat for just 1-1.5 hours of gaming if your usage is more then you need to reduce it or else just take your cell phone to any authorised service centre and get you phone checked for the problems of heat and battery
while that ram restriction applies to several low-end devices ( which came with less than 512 mb ram ) , it is not really the main reason for missing updates . and looking into the custom-rom scene proves that many devices abandoned by their manufacturers ( not too seldom for this reason ) are in fact supporting newer versions . so when talking about " official updates " , main reasons are : manufacturers prefer you buy a new device . they do not get " fresh money " for updates . sometimes the customizations done by the manufacturer are too ressource hungry ( a live example is samsung 's touchwiz preventing some of their devices from getting updated ) after a while ( at least after 2 years , for some manufacturers much earlier ; google specified 18 month as minimum ) devices simply get " out of service time " , and thus all further development is stopped . while this might sound harsh , it is at least partly understandable : most devices require hardware-specific drivers which the manufacturer had to update to new versions , and that cannot be done indefinitely if an enterprise needs to work profitable – or prices would go up to something you are unlikely to be willing to pay : ) nevertheless , as i already pointed out : if a device is used widely enough , the community often provides future updates in form of custom-rom s . to install those , the device in question needs to be rooted , the bootloader unlocked , and often a custom recovery is required . so here 's something the manufacturers should at least provide help : if they decide to no longer support a device , they should provide an official way to root and unlock it ( could be done via a " last update " from their side ) , so users at least have a chance to take care for themselves . guess they are simply afraid that would keep users from buying new devices ; )
as the tablets are all identical , and run android > = 4.0 , the following approach could be taken – provided all devices should be configured identically : configure one device the way you want to have them all use adb backup to create a backup of this tablet ( see our adb tag-wiki for a starting point if you did not use adb before ) use adb restore to restore the created backup of the first device to all other devices this should transfer all apps and settings from the first , manually configured device to all the others ( including homescreen settings ) . you can play with parameters to adb backup to speed up the restore process , e.g. by specifying to only include the apps you added/modified , e.g. adb backup -apk -shared -f backup_customized.ab com.package1 com.package2 \u2026  ( replace com.package1 com.package2 \u2026 with a list of packages you want to include ) . skip -shared if you do not need to clone sdcard contents ( you also could copy those separately , which even might be faster ) .
after some unrelated investigation today , i think i know why i am encountering the error , but i do not have a solution to it . it seems to me that when the phone 's internal storage is mounted using the mass storage mode , windows only sees the first 2.2gb of space . if i try to format it using windows , i only get an option to create a 2.2gb fat32 partition . if i format using the captivate 's formatting tool , it creates a 13.03gb partition . now the fun part : the captivate seems to be able to read/write from the whole 13gb partition fine . however , windows seems to be only to access the first 2gb of that 13gb partition . while i can see all the files listed , trying to read from file that were created after the first 2gb returns an error , and trying to copy additional files from windows to the internal storage once the 2gb limit is reached results in an error . i will open up a new question about this to see if anyone has an answer . thanks .
here are things i would try : clear doubletwist 's cache clear doubletwist 's data re-install doubletwist
i have doubletwist and had to visit their support forum a few times for my droid incredible . i came upon this when i saw your question : " unknown error message for some songs " question on support . doubletwist . com link for doubletwist support forums this site has proven useful for doubletwist questions , as the staff , moderators , as well as users try to solve your doubletwist specific problems on this forum . not all questions get answered but it is worth searching and trying . hope this helps some
i would highly recommend that you attempt the free moboplayer from the android market . it has highly optimised code for armv7 , armv6 vfp , and armv6 -- as soon as it downloads it might recommend a different version from the market version and will automatically start a download of the correct version . in my personal experience video playback was exceptional on supposedly weaker phones -- although i do not expect it to handle hd content well .
these settings work very well on my zte blade . as they have similar hardware ( cpu and memory wise ) they should work ok for the optimus one . video codec : x264 frame size : 512*288 ( you may want to finesse that slightly for the optimus screen size - 320*480 ? ) bitrate : 768 audio codec : aac bitrate : 128 i suspect that the frame size , codecs ( audio and video ) and bitrates should be fine regardless of which container ( avi/divx/mp4/mkv ) that you pick to play it through .
no luck with avi mpg4/mp3 codec ? plays like a charm on my htc desire w/ froyo 2.2 you could also try another encoder , " super " [ 1 ] for example . imho " rockplayer " [ 2 ] is the best player for the android platform at the moment . hope that helps . [ 1 ] http://www.erightsoft.com/super.html [ 2 ] http://rockplayer.freecoder.org/index_en.html
i have been able to use any old avi or mpeg files with the vplayer app without having to convert them . another alternative is rockplayer . vlc for android is supposed to be coming in the next few weeks .
the reviews i have read seem to indicate that the optimus will happily play standard-definition xvid and divx video files in avi format so try using the "-vcodec mpeg4" setting . http://ffmpeg.org/faq.html#sec20
in settings - phone settings or in dialer - menu -settings you will find an option for dtmf . try changing that to different values . it might even have been turned off .
if you have fastboot , boot into that . you can then procede to wipe data while in fastboot mode by issues the fastboot -w command . you can then reboot the device using the fastboot reboot command . be aware that not all devices come with fastboot . if you can access adb while the device is booting , then you can issue an adb reboot recovery command to reboot into the recovery menu that way .
try booting while pressing the back key . that will get you into fastboot , and you can access hboot ( and hence recovery ) from there . if it worked try any solution among this . . it depends on the cause of the boot loop wipe cache and dalvik ( depending on what recovery you look in different places for these . i think clockworkmod may have wipe dalvik in advanced ) . tbh i think this is unlikely to do it , but is harmless . if something has been corrupted in the rom then reflashing the rom ( without wiping ) will fix it . if it is data corruption then a factory reset will do it .
i recognize this as a recommendation question which will probably be closed quickly . i am a big fan of rssdemon , and have been using it consistently for the past 2 years . it allows you total control of your feeds , including subscribing individually , or importing an opml file created by another feedreader to rapidly gear up . i use it mainly for its podcatching capablities , allowing podcasts to queue up and play . i am not the developer of this app ; they were responsive to bugs i have submitted in the past .
the problem is not the strength , but the direction . at least my nexus 4 makes no noise if it vibrates while lying flat on the table . lay it on the side , and it will wake the dead . the axis of rotation should be paralell to the screen , not perpendicular . no amount of software will fix this hardware/design error .
there is an app called trinity kernal toolbox . it helps to adjust vibartion intensity in galaxy nexus and nexus 4 ( only ) . but the thing is your device should be rooted . and its a paid app . the app supports the following : - adjusting of cpu min/max frequencies - selecting of cpu governor - cpu governor settings - selecting of i/o scheduler - adjusting of max screen off frequency ( galaxy nexus only ) - adjusting of all cpu voltages - sound control : high performance toggle + volume boost ( galaxy nexus only ) - color control ( galaxy nexus + nexus 4 only ) - contrast control ( galaxy nexus only ) - adjusting of vibration strength ( galaxy nexus and nexus 4 only ) - usb fast charge toggle ( with plug check ) - thermal throttle toggle ( galaxy nexus only ) - smart reflex autocomp toggles ( galaxy nexus only ) - wifi pm toggle ( steadier stream or better battery ) ( gn + n7 only ) - menu with utility functions to make common tasks easier . - reboot widgets to access common options from homescreen - cpu temperature widget ( galaxy nexus + sgs3 + nexus 7 ) - statusbar temperature display on select widgets ( gn + sgs3 + nexus 7 ) - restores trivial settings on boot - frequency/voltage settings restored on boot if chosen - crash recovery ( to get you out of boot loops ) - optimizes system independent from init . d ( great for stock roms ) may be it will help you to solve your issue . do not blame me for recommeding a paid app if you are interested just flash this kernal to support it
vibration config claims to be able to increase the vibration strength of a nexus 4 ( and some other phones ) and a few reviews indicate that it works . it does need root so as soon as i get around to rooting my nexus i will give it a go and report back .
change your password then revoke it is access . also , start using application specific passwords and 2-step verification if you are not already . this makes it easier to control what gets access where . this should prompt who ever is using the phone to reauthorize your account ( via password or 2-step ) , which they will not be able to .
if you go to the market account settings part of the android market webpage at https://market.android.com/account and click on the settings tab , you should see a list of the devices registered on that market account , clicking the edit button lets you hide that old phone from the web interface . that is what you had normally use to remove an old device from showing . if you are worried about whoever renovated your phone using your account , then you need to go a step further than that . the easiest way to block the other phone out will be to change your google account password . then your phone will prompt for the new password next time it connects to a google service , as will your old one , but as only you know the new password it should stop them from using your account on the old phone . to stop this sort of thing happening in the future you ought to think about setting up two-step authentication on your google account , once you have got that set up you can log into your google account 's settings and revoke the access password for any phone or device one at a time once you do not want them accessing your details any more .
download the android file system application . install the android file system app by opening the dmg file , and then dragging the app into your applications folder . once installed , connect your nexus 7 to your mac via the usb cable . open up the android file system app . it should recognize your tablet and then open up a finder type window . you can drag and drop files and media into the window . additionally , you can create new folders and delete files . be sure you know what files your deleting as you can break the os by deleting or altering essential system files . if you get a “no device found” message , be sure your nexus 7 is in Media device (MTP) transfer mode . you can do this by swiping down to open the notification tray and then tapping on the connected as… message . source
it will be hard to test something without a tester . android does not ship with a test-app for heartbleed ( or any other security hole , such as the master key exploit discovered about a year ago ) , as this would somehow defeat the purpose : such a check-app must know about the security hole and how to check for it , and thus requires knowledge about that . if that knowledge is there , instead of writing an app to check for the hole , the devs rather should decide to fix it in the first place – which would make that app obsolete : ) so if a 3 rd party app is not acceptable for you , you are most likely out of luck . but in case you change your mind , you can find several security-checkers in this list . there is e.g. heartbleed security scanner , which is pretty well rated ( as of now , 4.6 stars with over 5,000 votes ) , and you can find it introduced in this androidpit blog post . linked list category also holds some security suites covering multiple exploits and security risks , which might be a good choice to check if you are interested how it stands about security with your device .
apps do not generally bundle openssl themselves : rather , android ships with openssl included in the main framework , so in most cases it is the android version that has or does not have the vulnerability , rather than the app itself . that said , it is certainly possible for an app to include its own openssl , it is just unusual . how does the heartbleed security vulnerability affect my android device ? explains that only android version 4.1.1 is vulnerable itself . if the app contains a statically linked openssl binary , and you do not want to use an app to check the behaviour , you have to unpackage the apk file to find the library .
as daft as it sounds make sure your wifi is connected - i got this error and couldn`t figure out why until i realized one of my battery saver apps had switched off my wifi
i was encountering the same issue in the last 24 hours or so where i could not use any of the google applications . i tried powering off the phone and everything today i used the time-zone guess from the follow up post ( also , when i think about it , for some reason my phone switched from 12hr clock to 24 hr clock last night ) . the issue has been resolved and i can use all apps now . i must have changed the settings inadvertently when the phone was in my pocket or something .
i have the exact same issue on a galaxy tab p1000 with gingerbread 2.3.3 since about 2-3 weeks . my current interpretation is that google has updated its certs ( the current one i get is dated 11/7 ) and the new ones are not trusted by android anymore making it impossible to use any google account for mail/play store/etc . . . if this is the case , the only solution would be an update from the manufacturer or maybe rooting the device and convincing it that the new cert is good .
guys i found the solution ! follow the instructions to this link ! 100% it'll work though not mine , credits to the owner . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2110225
i had the same problem , and the solution was to set the correct date/time in the phone settings ( in spite of ' automatic ' option turned on for network time synchronization , i had 1980 year ) . so , libit was right about certificate time issue . also , take a look at google groups thread related to this issue - there are a lot of different solutions , which could also help .
the default ringtones are fairly quiet . install some standalone ringtones or else grab a copy from your device and run them through a program to increase their volume before placing back onto the phone .
you might want to give volume+ a try ( scroll down for download link ) .
the same way . Settings | Apps | (app) | Enable disabled apps automatically sort to the bottom of the app list .
sheryl found the answer herself . quoting her comment : i finally found it . . my daughter must have been in the accessibiltiy settings . she had the talk back on . but i didnt realize because she also had turn off all sounds on . i dont know how that makes the tapping weird , but is fixed now . if one has a similar effect ( e . g . red borders shown ) , and it is not the accessibility settings , another place to look for is the development settings , which also has switches to highlight certain areas for " developer feedback " when testing an app .
i think the dimensions of different parts of the gui require changes in the framework-res . apk files in the internal system partition . this requires you to be rooted , of course . i have not seen any custom themes for custom roms that have a full screen portrait however .
maybe you need something like that : big ! caller id , full screen caller id . notice : both are free just for first five contacts . for more , you must purchase full version . both require to assign hd photos manually ( from sd card , camera or facebook ) . none of them support images stored with your contacts on your google account .
yes , you can clear photos 's cache from the phone itself .
you may install app cache cleaner application . one of the feature is " auto clear all cache at a specified interval " . configure it once and it will never let the cache grow such large .
i doubt it . i have done the same with a gsm galaxy s ( the vibrant ) with no problems . of course it probably depends on whether you have a really terrible rom , but rooting alone should not matter . and it might be different for cdma . but worst case , you can just flash back to stock . my vibrant picked up the network settings on it is first boot with a sim , i would again assume your first boot-up after activation would cause the same thing . plus , if the custom rom is captivate-based and not i9000-based , it might have the network settings already built in ( and just need to pick up the phone number ) .
you will not get voice/data if it is not activated on your vzw account . but you can use it as a wifi device , like an ipod . i say root it and flash an ics rom to see what the device can do . i think you will be surprised ! go here for all the info you need to root/flash/return it to stock if you decide to sell it .
you can never guarantee that it is cent per cent private . first let 's begin with android apps . in order to earn money you have advert 's in the apps . in order to get localised adds it has in built code which will access your location and display the advertisement based on the locality you are presently . in doing so your identity is revealed there itself . your device name , id , carrier etc . is stored in the third party servers . to which no one can guarantee whether the communication is secure between their server and what is done with the information stored in the server . you cannot disable this featured as it is hard coded in the application and the best way to this is simply un-install . you can verify whether the app is collecting information or not through some apps from the play store like permission checker . in the app you can sort out apps that might cost you money , send data , etc . check for the application permissions which are listed and check it is use on the web . if you see any application that has permission violating your privacy like viewing contacts , device id , network information you need to delete those apps from the device . you cannot modify the code even if possible as it violates the policy . also make sure the permissions are relevant to the functionality of the application . if it is irrelevant ( flash light app is having permission for viewing contacts , location which is not at all relevant then you need to remove it . ) then you need to remove this app and find another app from the play store .
if you are using launcherpro go to your home screen , press Menu -&gt; Preferences -&gt;Backup homescreen &amp; settings to backup and Restore backup is in the same place . this can not restore your widgets but remembers their places though . also some app-specific shortcuts need to be recreated ( in my case , shortcuts to k-9 mail mailboxes ) .
i am using go launcher ex home launcher which saves the current configuration and we can restore it whenever we need . if you have a different launcher check for backup/restore configuration settings .
if you are rooted and have a rom that supports recovery like clockworkmod , a full nandroid backup is akin to taking an image/snapshot of your device . when recovering from that image , your phone will be restored to exactly that same state when the backup was taken .
use titanium backup , it'll fit your needs .
to my knowledge , twrp does a nandroid backup . as you can read in the tag wikis of the mentioned tags ( nandroid , backup ) , a nandroid backup takes images of your partitions . it is not a backup on the file level , but on partition level . so it includes everything stored on those partitions . doing a full nandroid backup of your system thus includes the entire system , one file per partition . there are only very few things not contained , such as the radio-firmware . so to put it as a short direct answer to your question : yes , a full nandroid backup would include all your apps , app data , messages , contacts . though it might be complicated to extract them separately ( nandroid can not do that , it is always an " all-or-nothing " . but e.g. titanium backup can read data from nandroid backups . just in case you will need that : )
you can backup system , data , boot , recovery , cache , efs system , data , boot are selected by default which includes your rom , apps , appdata , kernel and you can choose to backup recovery , cache , efs which bundles things on your internal sd card like your contacts and photos and videos . twrp also provides compression which is pretty handy if your backup becomes large .
for basic phones , you might want to consider the gsm at commands defined to read contacts ( via serial connection , however even most usb data cables will still provide a virtual com port ) http://www.traud.de/gsm/numbers.htm
that format most likely is vcard ( versitcard ) , which even has its own mimetype ( text/vcard ) . according to the linked wikipedia page , it became a standard around 1996 ( and since it was proposed 1995 for the first time , older devices will not know it ) . android 's contacts app uses this format when directly exporting your contacts from it . to my knowledge , this format is also used when transferring contacts via bluetooth ( even to/with older devices not necessarily running android or being " smart phones" ) . mail clients support it as well . so if you are looking for any standard here , this most likely is it .
there is nothing available . while it is theoretically possible with the hardware , in practice it would be very difficult to implement and would probably need a custom rom that supported it . even the tools for doing this on a desktop ( aircrack , etc . ) generally require specific wireless chipsets and drivers to do wireless packet capture . edit : there is now a project that got monitor mode working on the galaxy s2 and the google nexus one . see http://bcmon.blogspot.de/
the broadcom bcm4329 chipset in a lot of android phones ( nexus one , evo , g1 ) probably many more ) supports monitor/promiscuous mode . the driver needs to be modified to allow monitor mode to be enabled . here is the source of the current drivers : monitor mode flag method to that sets the mode in the second link , you can see that monitor mode flag is not even in the switch statement so it is just gets ignored when called . someone also got tcpdump working on a g1 so it is possible , we jsut need to put in some work to get it functional though . a few more links about the chipset , drivers , and modifications to them : http://forum.aircrack-ng.org/index.php?topic=281.0 http://aircrack-ng.org/doku.php?id=b43 http://wireless.kernel.org/en/users/drivers/b43
as rohan said , you need at least a device with a wireless card that can be set on " monitor " or " promiscuous " mode , so you can sniff the packets sent between the clients and servers of the wireless network . so , technically it is possible , but at the beginning it would be a very device-specific solution
technically no . however you can jailbreak it and install a os on it and it would look just like a normal os . just a smaller version . once thats done you can install softwares like aircrack exct . and it would capture the packets and then crack them . . now this does take some time . . anywhere from 15 minutes to a few days all depending on their encryptionsetings . but the average wifi shouldnt take more then 30 minutes . . tops . so yes in theory it is " possible " but it all depends on how much work you want to put into it in order to get it . there is no " app " yet . . im not sure if anyone is converting a software like aircrack from an os to app compatable . . although im sure someone is somewhere .
yes and no . as far as i am aware , a typical android install will not contain unzip . you can , however , install busybox for android , which provides the unzip utility . then a simple : adb shell unzip /sdcard/archive.zip  would do the trick . if you are rooted you can use a busybox installer from the market like stericson 's . if you are not rooted then you should be able to manually push a busybox binary ( one here on github , for example ; click " raw " to download it ) to somewhere like /data/local and then invoke it . it should be something like : alternatively , many file managers will unzip files for you . i personally use file expert but there are a lot of others . usually you just need to long press on the archive and it will present an " extract " option or similar .
so i have found a great solution . using a micro sd-card with 2 partitions . one normal fat32 and second ext2 so the app link2sd can use it as a fake mobile memory on the second ext2 partition . now all the jelly bean internal apps run on the mobile itself and all the other apps i have installed on the second sd-card partition . have more apps than ever and still over 150mb left on the mobile . great . and the great side effect is , that all the shortcuts and widgets of other apps now work perfectly and dont disappear after reboot . yes !
seems like " droid vnc server " doing the job .
use our app , the best android vnc server according to users . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.vmlite.vncserverhl=en works on any android devices , any models , rooting is not required . you can use this app to view and control your android phones or tablets .
i installed cm10.1.3 and cwm on my unrooted gt-i9100 just two weeks ago . you do not need root to install cwm , and you do not need root to install cm10 . however , installing cm10 rooted my phone automatically .
in general , no you should be able to install cwm with needing to root , but most of the tutorials i have seen for the s2 gt-i9100 involve rooting the device . here are a couple links that may be of interest to you . i do not think you will need to root to install cwm . as always , proceed with caution when flashing . galaxy s ii gt-i9100 install cwm and root samsung gt-i9000 galaxy s cyanogenmod install : flash clockworkmod recovery index of guides/tutorials : sgs2 gt-i9100
i had a similar issue at work . what i ended up doing was turning the " vibrate " setting on in Settings/Sounds . my phone was bugging everyone else in the office before ( which is why i started using headphones ) but with that setting , the phone vibrates on receiving a call as well as ringing in the headphones . i did not have to disturb anyone , and i still got calls when i forgot about my headphones ! do not know if this would be practical for you , but it worked nicely for me , so i thought i would share !
i was going to suggest cyanogenmod also , if that does not work or is not something you are interested in , you should try tasker http://tasker.dinglisch.net/ https://market.android.com/details?id=net.dinglisch.android.taskerm it pretty much can do just about anything you can think of without quite as much work as writing an app yourself .
i fixed that problem with soundabout
i am the author of an app called soundabout that has a setting just for this purpose . it is a quick , one screen app for audio routing .
in order to do that on gingerbread select ' display options ' from the menu of the contacts app . then under ' choose contacts to display ' select your account and check only the groups you are interested in .
if you are using google contacts as your address book , you could star those people you always want to come up , and then use the star folder on your desktop making it a quick easy way to always have access to them . the folder organizer app will also allow you do this and is not limited to using just the google address boo , and it also has more features enabling you to pick specific details from a contact i.e. choose only mobile instead of all their details etc . i know it does not answer your question specifically in terms of the contact app , but it does provide a decent work around . note that depending on your phone it might have built in widgets that can aid i.e. sense has a pretty good one for this purpose .
the first versions of the android market on tablets did not have an option to rate an app . rumors are that google wanted to prevent bad ratings on apps , because they were not optimized for tables ( yet ) . some say that they received an market update that enabled the rate function . my lenovo thinkpad market has not got it yet . but it seems just a matter of time . until then , you can rate apps on the web version of the market .
there are an update on the way from google which gives you the option , many have received it already , so just be use the web version of android market until then : )
according the google 's developer page here , google play is not required for admob to work . from the site : the google play services library supports even devices that do not have the google play store . to update such devices , download and bundle the latest google play services sdk ; then relaunch your apps to propagate updates to your users . devices that do have the google play store are automatically updated to the latest version . there is also an answer here which explains that google play services is not required to be able to have ads served to android devices . if google play services is not on the device , the version you compile with your app will fetch the ads instead .
try clearing the data and cache for the app ( Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage apllications ) and then syncing . hopefully it will work after that .
no there is no affiliate program for the android market . some individual apps that need to be side-loaded or have a seperate sign up for paid service offer affiliate programs but nothing through the official market . lots of people ask about it at the google support threads but google has not announced any plans to start an affiliate program nor have they commented on why they do not have one . i do not believe anyone is earning money for referrals if they are sending people to the official market , appbrain , cryket , androlib or slideme . if they are a commercial review site they are probably making money with display advertising , which incidentally improves the credibility of their reviews ( because their income is not dependent on you buying what they reviewed ) .
building on onik 's comment , make sure that Wi-Fi only is not checked . in the samsung galaxy s4 , this can be found in : System settings &gt; More &gt; About device &gt; Software update &gt; Wi-Fi only . so , check the About device section of your phone .
--occurred only after 2.3.4 update for me . --tried clearing cache for facebook , gmail , internet - worked , but only temporarily . only thing that worked was factory reset . i did not want to do it , but now phone running well , even with increased battery life . --all paid apps will be saved --use verizon backup to back up your contacts before you reset
this error is not just for the total storage , it is also for specific " mount points " like /data/data , for example , where the applications on the device store their data . if this mount point becomes low on space , because it is not given access to " all the storage " , then you will receive that low space message . you can uninstall apps that you no longer need/use or go in to the settings -> applications -> manage applications and clear the data for apps that are using a lot , or you do not use often .
purchase a mouse which supports multitouch gestures ( using which you zoom in or out ) . e.g. padkite if you do not want to purchase anything , just go to dolphin 's Settings , tap Lab and turn on pinch-Zoom Button . then , you will find +/- clickable buttons to zoom in or out .
no , force stop does not stop the app running again . it just interrupts it if it is running right now . it does not free up any internal storage . it does not make any difference to ram usage : android will already kill background processes to free up ram when it needs to , without you pressing force stop . as izzy suggests , try pressing disable if you are running a recent enough android version to have that button : it is on the app info screen , right next to force stop . ( you might first have to uninstall updates . ) this will remove the system app from the app drawer , stop it running completely , and stop it being updated . if you are on an older android version , you can uninstall the app completely only if you root the device and use a third-party app to do so .
rooting the nexus 7 means that just some additional applications are installed , e.g. the su binary and the supersu app . both are not active in background , therefore i assume that your battery life problem is caused by a different app that had been updated or installed more or less at the same time .
use evernote . it has a dedicated Page Camera feature for your purpose . you can continuously snap documents with it . if you are a premium user , keywords from your snapped documents will be indexed with ocr technologies ( which will be useful in searching ) . and , it works great ( i am a premium user and i have used it ) . if you are not , just buy premium subscription for 1 month . . . indexing continue to exist after 1 month ( but new documents will not be indexed ) .
uninstall the device from device manager , then plug it out and in again : )
i have no idea how to achieve this natively -- but you could try talking clipboard , which can not only read everything you copy to the clipboard -- but also handle web pages directly . it even supports picking the web page 's address from pocket / read-it-later , can read from arbitrary text/html files stored locally , and also epub books .
in the Settings menu look for the App section . from there you will be able to select it and find information about it along with the package name .
i get this after reboot on cm6 for applications moved to sd card . the problem fixes itself after a little time . i would blame a slow sd card , if you are not running sense .
quick and dirty way to reload your icons in htc sense ui ! change scene to anything else , then change scene back ! temporary fix till next boot or smth but that is the only way i know how to do it right now .
its a bug that htc have not addressed yet , it is not the same as the 2.2 model phones , and seems to only happen on this the latest versions of gingerbread . its not like the old thing where the executable has been moved to the sd card , as i have not moved anything and i still get it on some apps . it does not jsut go away , it is permamnet when it happens and the only atm to fix is to either reload your ui , or dump the desktop icons and replace them . c'mon htc ! ! sort it out
first thing to take a look at in cases like that is the color of your connectivity icons in the status bar . any color other than green ( &lt ; android 4.0 ) or blue ( android 4.0 and up ) indicate trouble with your connection to google 's servers . possible causes vary , and might include ( but are not restricted to ) the following : some ( temporary ) routing problem : if you have already got some terminal app installed on your device , you can check this with the ping command on some of the google servers , e.g. ping chatenabled.mail.google.com . no response , or huge packet loss would confirm this cause . if you wonder why it might work on a different device at the same time : they might use different local mirrors . some ( temporary ) " outage " of google services : if your internet is otherwise working , or you have some working internet available on another machine , you should be able to verify this with google 's dashboard . any outages/unavailibilities should be indicated here ( unless they just started whortly and the dashboard was not yet updated ) . trouble with authentication : these should usually manifest in frequent popups asking you to place your google credentials . you could of course try to solve these by deleting the google account from your device ( or by revoking its access codes to force it requesting new ones ) , and re-creating it – but i would not do that immediately . in many cases , this solved itself after a while ( or after switching to a different network , in my case ) . as the case of the op proves : most times this requires nothing but patience , until the issue " resolves itself " .
try flashing gapps on your phone . hope this helps
i have had a similar problem earlier . try connecting other devices ( android devices ) via the wi-fi or any other smartphone devices . this generally happens when the wi-fi connection has not been setup properly .
go to app menu , delete data for google play services , and retry .
i had same issue with my asus padfone 2 . no connection to google play . youtube and gmail worked . connection was tried with wifi and mobile data , neither worked . tried all the common answers , like emptied caches for play and other google software . did a factory reset a few times when nothing worked . finally took phone to service and they installed the motherboard software again . same version as before . this fixed the issue .
try " wipe cache partition " and " wipe dalvik cache " in recovery mode .
first delete data for google play . then open a browser on your android phone . and go to : http://www.androidpolice.com/2013/12/05/download-latest-google-play-store-4-5-10-with-shared-play-store-activity-iap-indicators-and-more/ ( or simply search : android police latest google play ) download and install google play .
same thing happened with me : playstore stopped working and google account will not sync people details . here 's what i did and thanks god its fixed now : first of all try syncing you google account in settings if it does not sync properly : reboot your device turn off wifi ( in my case the playstore did not work in wifi but worked in data connection ) turn on your data connection clear cached data of google related apps now in sync folder in its menu choose sync all ( it would hopefully sync properly now ) open your playstore ( it should be working by now ) turn on your wifi and than try using playstore with wifi then if it does work turn off your data connection and enjoy using wifi
what do we do too set the default apps for the applications running on the system ? i assume you meant to ask how to set default apps for certain actions/tasks , such as taking a picture , writing an email , opening a web page etc . the answer really depends on which version of the android os your device is running , and also to a lesser extent , who the manufacturer of the device is . if you consider a google nexus device running the latest version of stock android ( 4.4 kitkat ) , the os presents you with a picker dialog to select which app you would like to launch to complete the task . in the screenshot below , i attempted to launch a camera to take a picture : screenshot ( click image for larger variant ) you can select one of the options and then select " always " or " just once " . as the buttons indicate , your selection will either persist for future tasks or you will see this picker-dialog every time . if this list changes because you uninstalled the app that you had marked as " always " or if you installed new apps that can handle the same task , this dialog will be presented again . certain device manufacturers ( or oems ) may choose to modify this behavior as part of their " skinning/customization " of android . htc famously changed this behavior for some of their devices ( for a slightly technical explanation of their change , read here ) . you can also see how this dialog picker has changed historically here . what do we do too set the default apps for the applications running on the system ? you need to perform an action that multiple apps on your device are capable of handling so that the above dialog presents itself . it is hard to know when this dialog will present itself since apps and their capabilities change all the time . for example , if you installed a new camera app , you can make it the " default " camera app by trying to launch the camera from elsewhere in the system or other apps ( like hitting a button that says " take a picture" ) . is there a centralized settings on android ? short answer : no ( but as of android 4.4 , you can set a default " homescreen " app from the device settings-> home . note that you will only see this option if you have multiple homescreen apps ) however , if you did set an app as the default handles for certain tasks , and you wish you no longer keep it the default , you can navigate to it is " app info " page ( device settings-> apps-> pick your app ) and hit the " clear defaults " button .
not by default . certain roms like cyanogenmod do allow you to customise the toggles and the order in which they are displayed . a possible workaround could be this app - notification toggle
stock roms often do not allow to customize notification toggles . either you will have to flash a custom rom ( e . g . cyanogenmod ) or install a third-party app ( e . g . widgetsoid ) .
not on a stock rom , sorry . on certain custom/aftermarket rom 's , such as cyanogenmod , have the ability to customize these icons , by letting you add , remove and reorder the icons .
it depends on the live wallpaper in question , but in general , the wallpaper only runs when the home screen is visible . since you are usually running an app or have the screen off , the live wallpaper has no effect most of the time : the extra battery use is limited to when you are looking at the home screen . this is not always true , though . some live wallpapers also run extra things . for example , the live wallpaper might periodically run in the background so that it can change its appearance based on your email inbox , or weather reports from the internet , or the accelerometer . for that reason , some live wallpapers might use quite a lot of battery . in that respect , live wallpapers are no different from any other app . if they are inefficient or do a lot of work , they will run your battery down quickly . if they are efficient and simple , you will not notice any extra battery use . unless reviewers comment on it , you will not know until you try .
i think this post provides some information about it . it also seems to be consistent with what i have tried . instead of partitioning the sd card , mounting an .img with a ext4 filesystem is a simple workaround .
if you can start your phone in fastboot , then use the fastboot utility to load your system . img and boot . img you have a nice guide here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2277112 but the main thing you need to execute is : fastboot flash boot boot.img fastboot erase system -w fastboot flash system system.img fastboot reboot  you will need a valid system . img and boot . img for your phone model .
search for profile in google play . you had find apps like : myprofiles quick profiles etc those are not my recommendations . it is up to you to see which one works best for you .
this will depend but almost guarantee requiring the devices to be rooted in order to manipulate the hardware . the only caveat emptor is , this needs root and busybox installed , and that the wifi is active : plug the usb cable to the device , and invoke this , adb shell . switch to superuser , i.e. su invoke this - busybox ifconfig wlan0 down to bring down the wifi device . invoke this - busybox ifconfig wlan0 | grep HWaddr , see below for fig . 2a the double x as shown in the captured output below in fig . 2a , is the actual mac address , i have this deliberately hidden as not to show it especially on the internet . invoke this - busybox ifconfig wlan0 hw ether 00:11:22:33:44:55 , that should change the mac address of that wifi device . ( this part can be extremely hardware dependant in the aspect of , if the wifi device can allow this - also if the kernel has the support for that wifi chipset , if that fails - a very cryptic message will appear - ip : siocsifhwaddr : operation not supported on transport endpoint meaning that the address for mac spoofing is dis-allowed ! ) if step 6 works , then to bring up the wifi device again , invoke this busybox ifconfig wlan0 up , profit ! 2a : sh-4.1# busybox ifconfig wlan0 | grep HWaddr wlan0 Link encap:Ethernet HWaddr XX:XX:XX:XX:XX:XX 
you did not name your device -- but most likely got some china import . there were some readings a little time ago about this issue . normally , a mac address should be unique to the device -- the producer probably wanted to save some license costs . . . nevertheless , that background is not going to help you much . there are some apps available on the playstore which allow you to change the mac address ( search the playstore for " mac-address " to find them all ) , like e.g. wireless mac changer or set mac address . note , however , that all of them require root access on your device . the only alternative known to me would be to return the device ( s ) , explaining your reason ( see above ) , and ask for an appropriate replacement .
use data2sd instead of creating the symlink manually from the terminal . usually sd cards are formatted with fat32 , data2sd creates an ext2 embedded partition instead . . . more detailed explanation here .
yes you can do that . scripts like data2sd do exactly that .
there also is floatnsplit tablet keyboard ( for the tablet rather ai floatnsplit tablet keyboard ) which offers this feature : in addition to being able to split the keyboard , this one can also float with some transparency :
thumb keyboard allows for this , as well as many other handy features which make it well worth the money paid version 7 day trial version
swiftkey 's tablet version supports this ( paid , free trial ) . it has the letters split to each side and the numeric keys in the middle :
turned out i was not being patient enough . it took a little while for my phone to realize it needed to connect to data services ; after that the tethering worked fine . it helped for me to open my email on my phone , just to give it a little nudge .
depending on your carrier , foxfi may help you out . it allows you to share you mobile data plan as a wifi hot spot . just be careful not to use too much or your carrier will get suspicious .
usually your service provider has to activate the ability to use your cellphone as a hotspot . for sprint , there is a monthly fee associated with that feature .
open google talk on your phone , press menu ( i.e. . 3-dot indicator ) -> display options and select availability ( or all ) - i believe your current display settings say " most popular " .
i too face a similar situation as narrated below : my im client has ~50 people online ( busy , available or away ) , but the gtalk in android shows merely around 10 contacts inclusive of contacts in busy , available or away status while using the ' availability ' option . setting to show all contacts will show the enormous list in alphabetical order . scrolling to find friends in this list is a difficult task ! it was noted that only the most popular friends are shown while using the ' availability ' option . is this the same issue that you observed ? try searching the contact name that you find available in im client but not in android . it will be shown as available . i first suspected that android shows only from google+ friends list , but no . its not even a bug . its just that they donot have an option to show all the available list ! ! instead they come up with " recently chatted available list " and " most popular available list " . hope they add a new option or fix this . i am facing this issue in icecreamsandwitch on motorola razr
you need to fix your access point names ( apn ) under settings . for me , it is Wireless and Networks > Mobile networks > Access Point Names
you need to do 3 things , to get a running bluetooth tethered connection : pair both devices as usual and enable bluetooth on each enable bt-tethering on the access point device ( needs to be set each reboot ) : settings -> wireless and networks -> more . . -> tethering -> enable bluetooth tethering` activate bluetooth tethering on the client device : Settings-&gt;Bluetooth-&gt;"John's Phone"-&gt; Options"-&gt; enable "Internet access" if it does not work the first time , switch off/on bluetooth on both devices and retry . these are the steps as i use them to tether my nexus 10 to my google galaxy nexus . ps : if you do not like to manually enable bt tethering each reboot , use bluetooth auto tether to have it enabled automatically during boot .
the pdanet adb driver ( http://pdanet.co/a/ ) worked .
hand it to a roommate ? or trade phones with a study partner ? reminds me of the old " how do i stop myself from using my credit cards " scenario : http://moneyning.com/credit-cards/freeze-your-credit-cards-to-ice-your-spending/
just installed picscribe . this allows you to add comments to exif data . can not tell you if its a keeper app , as i have yet to abuse its power . . . ! ; - )
there are a couple of apps in the playstore which permit you to view/edit exif data : photo image editor - photoshop ( free ) says it can view , edit , or delete exif data same promised by photo editor exif editor and viewer ( paid ) promises to remove , modify , and add individual or multiple exif tags pixelgarde even states : edit exif metadata for several photos as a batch , or just individual photos there are probably many more , so i just picked two of the more promising examples .
assuming you are using ics ( android 4.0 ) , do the following to change your input method . goto Settings -&gt; Language and input -&gt; Keyboard and input methods then check the box in front of the menu item Google voice typing now you can select the voice typing as your input method .
you can try to press and hold the pair/reset button on the back of the revue for 10 seconds . source using the hardware button press and hold the pair/reset button located to the left side of the left hdmi port on the back of the box for about 10 seconds . the revue will then restart with factory default settings . using the menus 1 . from the home screen select applications . 2 . choose settings . 3 . select about . 4 . choose factory data reset . 5 . select reset device . 6 . select erase everything . the pair/reset button is the one identified by number ( 1 ) on page 3 of the logiteh revue manual .
here is how i solved the problem . it turns out that the blurupdater files are specific to the version you are running , and i did not have the correct version . it was a bit of work to locate the correct version . first , i downloaded the sbf file for 4.5.608 . i then used the sbf_flash utility using the -x option to extract the images in the sbf . i then used the file -sL XX.img command to determine that the larger images were ext3 formatted filesystems . then i used mount -t ext3 -o loop XX.img tmp/ to mount each filesystem until i found the one containing the BlurUpdater_VZW.apk and BlurUpdater_VZW.odex file . then i installed both of these files in /system/app ( as root ) . after restarting my device and running the check for updates i was informed that an update was available , which i was then able to start installing .
settings > security > notification settings then uncheck what u want : )
long-click on the top portion of the screen with " calendar events " , and it'll be possible for this screen to be removed . then the lock screen will show one of the leftover screens , which will likely have whatever lock screen was before the calendar lock screen .
on the lock screen swipe left so that there is a big + sign on the screen ( or maybe another widget ) and then scroll back to the calender so that it is now full screen . long press the calender and drag it to the top of the screen to remove it . on my phone the clock was automatically re-added to the lock screen after this but if it is not then go to the lock screen , swipe till till you see a big + again . click on this and from the menu of widgets that appears select the digital clock .
i do not know if there is a way to save them directly on the device , but i do know of a tool called sms backup + that i have been using almost since my fist android phone in 2008 , and before i used sms backup + , i used sms backup . this application will backup your sms messages and call log to your gmail . it puts them in to sms/calllog labels so they do not clutter your inbox , but it is a very handy thing to have all your messages backed up . especially when your wife says " i told you to get 3 loafs of bread " , you can pull up and say , " nope , see you said 30 loafs " . . . sms backup + can not only backup your sms/call log , but it can also restore them . the developer says mms is also " coming soon " . ( but he has said that for a while not , not that i am in any rush for that feature ) . and , did i mention , the app is free . even if i was able to save them to my phone , i would have deleted them 100x over by now with all the times i have done factory resets , new sdcards , etc . gmail also has way more storage available then my sim , device , or sdcard . it is also more reliable . i have never lost data stored in my gmail , but i have had 4 sdcards fail on me .
for just backing up and restoring messages , you can try sms backup and restore which backs up to an xml file on your sd card . you can use the xml file to view messages in a web browser or ms excel , etc . as well .
you can use email to save the messages from device to computer . use gmail . other solution is try vibosoft android mobile manager , it can export all data from phone to computer , but also it can send messages from pc to phone .
in settings , goto applications > internet > clear defaults . next time you perform a search it should ask you which you would like to use and simply select dolphin .
you need to get a stock rom of the same android version . in this case 4.2 jellybean , since its the base of cyanogenmod 10.1 . once you get the stock rom , you can open it with any zip viewer and get the apps you want from /system/app , then you just connect the phone via usb and adb push the apps to /system/app in the phone . be sure to wipe cache/dalvik and reboot to apply the changes . another easier way is if you have a nandroid of your last stock rom ( and its jb also ) . you can open the nandroid with winrar and get the needed apps from /system/app without searching for the stock rom .
if you are comfortable using the command line than you could use the directions in can i trigger a media scan via the the command line ? pass file:///sdcard/usbStorage to the media scanner . i can not test this for you so let us know if it works .
there is an app called altitude that does allow you to configure those settings per installation ( = per device in your case ) . edit : purpose of the app - updating your latitude status/location base on more fine grained settings ( update interval , location source ) . altitude on android market xda thread i would recommend to configure latitude to " manual location " and altitude to automatic update , but first read through the thread to check if this tool does the trick for you .
for the current version of google maps ( 7.2.0 ) set Settings &gt; Google location settings &gt; Location Reporting &gt; Off on your tablet . for more details see the google help page . for an older version of google maps ( 6.14.4 ) i found : Settings &gt; Location settings &gt; Report from this device .
this is probably overkill and might not even work , but you could root your tablet and install cyanogenmod , which lets you revoke permissions for individual apps . so you could revoke permission for latitude to access your location on the tablet , but leave the rest of the app running . this may just cause it to crash , though .
if you go to settings in your latitude , under location reporting it gives you the option " do not update your location " . another option is to just turn off the gps on your tablet , this way it will not give your position in latitude .
under Settings &gt; Accounts &gt; Google, Privacy &gt; Maps &amp; Lattitude , i have disabled the option " report from this device " on my nexus 7 tablet . this makes my phone the only device to update my location .
this sounds to me like a similar problem i have had with duplicating images in the gallery . i fixed this by clearing the gallery data , and allowing it to rebuild next time the media scanner ran . i would suggest trying the same technique . i would imagine that whereas i deleted the data from the gallery app , you should try clearing data from the stock android music player , or failing that from poweramp . settings-applications-manage applications-all-gallery-clear data ( confirm ) . this does not delete your media itself , just the database that details where the media is . the media scanner will rebuild this database automatically next time it scans . it would be prudent to backup your phone contents before you try this .
what about fruitmobile app backup ? i have not tested it but it looks like it can backup/restore apps and app data to/from the sd card without root .
i could start with the very same lamentations : no root no fun . as except for root only the app itself can access its data , there is no real way around -- except . . . but first an elegant alternative to the mentioned titanium backup : while running both ( rooted ! ) devices simultaneously , appsync can synchronize apps and data . so you could even start some game on one device , sync , and continue on the other -- just to give you one example . the one possibility without root requires at least ics ( android 4 . x ) . i am not sure whether this works betwenn different devices ( or whether some device component is used for encryption ) , but as far as i understood it should do : using adb backup and adb restore , which requires the android sdk installed on your computer , and is described in detail in the article on full backup of non-rooted devices .
the short answer is , this is not possible without rooting . application data and settings can not be accessed outside the application/system by the regular user account for security reasons .
i have news for whomever said : " without root it is not possible " yes it is . i got a asus transformer tf700t in oct 12 . it came with app backup . it gives you the choice of just backing up the app or app/data . tested it and it works !
i know you would like to have the transfer done without rooting . but in my opinion it can not be done . so , in case if you are ready for a compromise on rooting , you can use titanium backup root app to back up and restore apps with its data and settings . i once did this kind of transfer between two rooted phones . on the first phone , i backed up all user apps with its settings and data . i copied the tb 's folder in sd card to my computer and in my other phone ( already rooted ) i used the same google account and downloaded titanium backup . after a first run , i copied the previously copied tb 's folders from computer to the other phone 's sd card , over writing the existing content . after running tb in the other phone , i opted for restore all user apps with its data and i got back everything as it is .
/storage/sdcard/android is probably where all the data is . you can manually delete files out of there , but i would recommend using the application sd card maid . i say that just because it has a lot of functions to clean up data from apps that are no longer installed .
have you tried to clean your log files ? probably that is the problem . if your phone is rooted , you can delete all files in the /data/log folder . if not , and you have a stock rom , just enter *#9900# into your dialer to access sysdump and click on delete dumpstate/logcat
use " battery monitor widget " app from play store . it can monitor the current flowing through the battery while charging . i identified my nexus 7s charger and an aftermarket charger 's performance this way .
this may be the best resource for answering your question : http://eyes-free.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/documentation/android_access/phones.html
all phones ever since 1.6 have been accessible . however 2.0 and later ( and especially 2.2 ) are much better at it . i think you will be safe with any phone 2.0 or later ( which is almost all of them now-a-days ) .
how to boot into safe mode : note : not all devices support safe mode while your device is booting up , hold down the home button . this should be done right after the screen starts up , before the boot animation does , and should be held until the device fully boots . once done , you should see the words ' safe mode ' in the bottom left corner . how to factory reset/clear userdata if booting into safe mode did not work , or your device is still boot looping after removing some of the apps that are using the greatest memory , you will have to erase your data . you should be able to access stock recovery by holding down the volume up button , the home buton and the power button until the device finishes booting into recovery mode . from here you can use the volume keys to navigate to the wipe userdata option , and press the power button to select it . once done , press the back key to go to the main menu and select to reboot the device now . this will erase all userdata on the device ! if it still does not work ? if it still does not work after following these steps , then you will have to take it to a repair center , sorry !
restarting your phone should resolve the issue .
it was released , but only in china : in may 2010 , the company launched its 2,899-yuan lephone , which china unicom sold 145,000 units after hitting the market , to compete with apple 's 4,999-yuan iphone4 .
sadly there is no such option in the official gmail app . you can try using a third party mail client with more options such as k-9 mail : http://k9mail.org/
well , yes smtp headers can be seen over the gmail apps . login to your e-mail account ( which i am sure you are logged in over your gmail app ) . click over the email you wish to see headers on . on the upper right portion of the message box , you will see a reply or reply-to-all button , with a small downward pointing arrow . click the small arrow . you will see the message sub-menu , and an option for " show original " click " show original " is that you are trying to do ?
a lot of the recent htc phones can lock and home at the same time , that may be what you are doing by accident . as previously stated , the google+ app by default backs up your pictures to a ( private ) online album for easier sharing . this can be turned off entirely , or configured to only sync on wifi ( to save your data allowance ) and give you a chance to delete unwanted pictures before they are uploaded .
you obviously took a screenshot by accident . since you also have google+ installed , all pictures that are saved on a special place ( in this case the ' camera shots ' album ) are automatically uploaded to your google+ album , but not published . you can turn off auto upload of pictures in the settings from the google+ app .
it might be caused by a notification set for a calendar event ( or a task , if you have a task organiser that integrates with the calendar ) . i found that if i dismissed a calendar notification , it would continue to activate but it would not appear in the notification bar ! i had to go through my calendar , look for events with notifications , and disable any outstanding ones that i found .
what is the app that is currently launched when you open a music for in es ? find that app in the settings > apps and tap on clear defaults ( not clear data ) . note that you need to clear defaults on the music player app , not on es file explorer . alternatively , you can go to es settings ( open es , then tap on the icon to the left of the current folder path , then tap on settings on the bottom ) > cleanup settings > clear defaults .
seems due to a limitation in the os ( android i mean ) that hides ( why the hell ? ? ! ? ! ? ) ad hoc networks like hd2 creates . solution is posted on http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1060909 and is now working !
its easy . . talk to a person that willing to be an admin in the group . after you selected the person . remove everybody in the group except you and the selected ( next going to be admin ) . makesure just left two of you in the group . and then remove yourself from the group . automaticly the last person will be the admin . last but not least the new admin have to select all the joiners or members of the group that been removed by you ( ex admin ) back to the group . so makesure he/she have all the numbers of the group before you make the move . thats it .
long press the group chat and hit " delete and exit group " - your chat will be deleted and you will be out of the group . someone else will be auto-selected as the group-admin in your place .
whilst it is possible for apps to make themselves available to be searched , each applications needs to be updated to implement app indexing in order for them to show up in this list . i do not think it is possible to add additional providers without the apps themselves being updated to support this .
have a look at this application book catalogue
goodreads has an app for this that works with their website , which includes book reviews and recommendations as well . you can sort books by shelves , which can correspond to physical shelves if you choose ( e . g . living room , bedroom , lent out to a friend ) .
are there really some 2.1 phones out there that are very slow , say , using the speed of the evo as a benchmark ? yes , absolutely . i can not play angry birds on my htc hero running 2.1 because of poor performance . the game plays fine on my wife 's newer evo . my advice would be to see if you can buy an old used handset to test your apps on yourself . that way you will be able to head off any negative reviews by targeting devices where you know your app performs well .
when an sgs will not go into recovery mode , there is a couple things you can try . one thing is to hold all the buttons to get into recovery or download mode ( voldown + power + home , or volup + power + home , or voldown + volup + power depending on your model ) until the device has reset 2 or 3 times , and then release power so that the device stops resetting . hopefully then it will go into the appropriate mode . if not , attempt again but this time do it while the device is plugged into usb . another thing to try is to remove the battery , then insert it while holding the above buttons . you may want to try multiple resets combined with this as well , as well as having it plugged into usb . once you get it into recovery mode , you can try restoring your backup and/or doing a factory reset and clearing the dalvik cache . if you get it into download mode , i recommend using odin to flash a stock rom as per this question 's answer : can only access 2.2gb of internal storage from windows . just use an i9000 rom , not the captivate roms linked in that questions . you can find one at http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=846913 , for example the newest europe/middle east/asia one is i9000xwjs8 .
i am prompted to select what i want to use to open the link , so it looks like you have set a default action for that intent . you will need to go to Settings &gt; Apps &gt; (downloaded or all) &gt; Earth &gt; Clear defaults . next time you click a location in the calendar it should prompt you for what you want to use to open it . unfortunately , this resets all the defaults for google earth .
instead of explicitly pushing a file to your android device , have a look at cloud storage providers . for example dropbox or google drive . imho that is a superior approach , but it comes with two drawbacks : privacy/security concerns ( sometimes ) the file will have to be uploaded first before you can retrieve it on your device . there is no direct file transfer from your pc to the device which is desirable when dealing with large files .
awesome drop does exactly what you are looking for . drag and drop into a page on your pc 's browser and the are automatically downloaded to your device . edit : here are a couple other options : wifi syncr : if you are connected to the same wifi network this will do exactly what you want . you basically setup a shared folder in windows and anything you put in that folder is pushed to the designated folder on your device . it is a one way sync : pc => device . you may be able to set this up to work remotely over the internet if you use a dynamic dns service but i do not really know . you can use a cloud service like flow mentioned in his answer and couple that with an app that will automatically keep the local folders on your device synced so you will not have to manually download each file . i personally use dropsync with my dropbox account . i have also used foldersync with google drive ( foldersync actually syncs with tons of cloud services ) . both are paid apps but have lite versions that limit you to one folder which would work . the drawback to this method is that there is a way to set it up to detect changes on your local device and sync immediately , however it can not detect changes to the cloud directory so files would only be downloaded to your device on the sync schedule you setup .
i think most similar way to do this like what google play does , is : if your files are saved on pc , and your device is connected to the same network as your pc ( including local networks without internet connection ) , then you can use remote android controllers , like free and powerful airdroid to upload files from pc to the device ( batch files and folder transfers are supported ) .
in the stock android messaging app , you can hold your finger on a message for a few moments and then select the " copy message text " option , then paste it into any app you had like . that would work fine for individual messages , as far as entire threads go , that i am not sure . i would probably go the geeky route personally and open up the . db file that contains all the text messages with an sqlite3 binary and manually peruse the database , copying what i need out of it .
sms backup+ will backup ( and can restore too ) your sms messages to your gmail account ( you have to enable imap in gmail ) the nice thing about it , it does it automatically . it can also backup your call log too email too .
just try isync . it will back up all sms and calls on ur gmail account .
i would also like through my own answer into the mix - not as an android app but as a service you could potentially use if you are an android/gmail user . http://voice.google.com is a great tool that lets you send and receive texts through the browser as well as sending you transcripts via texts to your phone when people leave voice messages . you are given a phone number ( of your choice ) which you can keep forever which in case you change phone numbers , you can always be contacted through that number ( but you can block people by phone number and it says the number has been disconnected ) . the idea here is that if you give that google voice number to your friend and they send you a text to that number , you will receive it in your google voice inbox as well as your phone and it keeps conversations grouped like you would expect google to do .
he probably is talking about the galaxy tab . most non-android-enthusiasts tend to refer to anything that runs on android as " droid . " there are a number of android tablets available right now , and as you saw motorola is releasing a tablet at the beginning of 2011 , but the only one available through verizon is the galaxy tab so that is probably what he is talking about . if you are going to give him advice , i would say the most relevant difference ( that he may not pick up on from comparing the specs ) between the two tabs is that the galaxy supports flash and the ipad does not . there is lots of other differences but most people do not understand the implications of this . for example , my friend bought his wife an ipad for her birthday not too long ago and she hates it because all she wants to do is browse all her shopping sites , most of which turn out to be powered by flash .
not sure which os runs on your laptop , but android uses the wpa_supplicant for wifi authentication . if wpa_supplicant provides a way to disable the cache , you will have to configure it in the /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf configuration file .
if you have a folder with a bunch of images you surely do have albums in your phone . astro is a file manager ( it focuzes on managing files , not on the aesthetics of the gallary ) ; gallery ( default gallery app ) would do the task . but if you like , you can always try a light weight photo gallery app quickpic via this link to arrange your albums nicely .
just create a new folder , and put some pictures in it . the gallery app will detect and show that folder automatically .
operation system has different processes constantly being loaded in and out of memory and constantly changing states . it is complex than just the collection of files and folders . so , if you want to copy everything and restore everything just using file browser , it would be impossible . to save app data only , you can use titanium backup but you need root permissions .
the play store on the handset is running as a service in the background and by clicking on the ' install ' from the web front-end on desktop pc browser , this triggers a push notification ( am guessing its gcm - google cloud messaging ) which is broadcast across the network only to designated google accounts which you happen to be signed in . when the play store service receives the broadcast , that triggers it to pull it down . as for asking how is this implemented is beyond the scope as that is bordering on asking in the direction of development efforts . only google is allowed to do that and is part of the terms and conditions of play store usage . that i would also think is how google can send a kill switch to designated handsets ( it happened before , on pre-release of ics on galaxy nexus , which happened to get leaked by accident on google employee 's handset , by one of the us carriers , and the kill was issued which wiped the rom , after it was posted on reddit - iirc ) edit : i am speculating on how the play store does it , and is proprietary . . .
from my experience , gmail will not put people you have only emailed into your " my contacts " built-in group ( see gmail and auto-adding contacts ) . because of this , you should be able to tell android to only pull from your " my contacts " list , which would presumably only contain your important contacts . the steps to do this will vary depending on your rom . i am using a nightly build of cm10 , and these are the steps : open contacts press menu button , and choose " contacts to display " choose " customize " choose the account of interest , and make sure only " my contacts " is checked/selected ( or any other groups you want ) . hopefully that helps you out , or at least gives you an idea of how to accomplish this .
some carriers do attach the sent time with the sms . i am not sure if it depends on the sender 's or receiver 's carrier . and some android sms apps let you choose that instead of local phone time . the sms app in cyanogenmod 7 does for one , but check out handcent , chompsms and go sms for alternative messaging apps .
apparently it is an application issue : the sms packet itself that is sent from the smsc to your phone , has a field called scts , service center time stamp , which indicates the time that the message was received by the smsc . unfortunately , the sms application on android seems to ignore this timestamp and instead uses and stores the current system time ( in ms since 1970-01-01 00:00:00 utc ) .
as al says , settings > applications > manage applications , go to app and press clear cache seems to do the trick .
im not sure , but try this app https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.stericson.permissionfixfeature=search_result
i do not have a 4 but i have an original 7 . you can get a reboot on the 7 by pushing and holding the power button until it reboots . so try that . sometimes you can go to the shut down menu and long press where it says shut down , but that may just be mods . but if it were me i would try those , just to try it . :- )
i found one solution : adb reboot this requires connecting the device to a computer , so it is not perfect , but it works pretty well if i just want to reboot it when i go to sleep .
just follow the instructions here : rooting nexus 5 next time do search on xda for any custom rom , rooting related information !
no . to find out the ip addresses you had have to be able to connect to the dhcp server that handles giving out the ip addresses for that subnet , get and ip address and a subnet mask , and then scan the subnet for active ips . to do this , you will have to be connected to the access point .
for me the app fine volume control was the solution . it does not need root , unfortunately is not free ( $ 2.50 ) but provides a 7 day trial . however it does a great job : it subdivides the media volume range in 100 steps , allowing a much finer resolution for your volume choice including enabling to shut the volume to almost nothing . in the setting there is also the option to enable extra low volumes . overall it solved the problem for me perfectly and made my phone a much better music player , thus it is worth every penny . to my knowledge this is the only app with this functionality at the moment .
go to settings . go to sound . change the volume of the media . i am not exactly sure how to get to the option of changing the media volume since my phone is right now bricked .
not a software solution , but you could always try an in-line volume control like this : amazon : koss vc20 volume control you can get one on ebay for close to us $1: ebay search : headphone volume control
on rooted phones , it is possible to install custom kernel which can lower the volume setting lower than is available stock . you might want to look around for custom rom for your device , if it is a common problem it is highly possible someone would make a custom rom to modify the volume setting . you had generally want to try other solutions first though .
the android app , maven music player , has a " pre volume " control that can lower the sound volume below the minimum setting on your phone .
this is a common problem with parents giving their phones for children to play with . see my answer here for some related information . essentially , it is a security problem . if i take away your right to use the back button ( or more importantly , the home button ) , then you can not quit my app and therefore i have hi-jacked your phone . therefore , the only way you are going to get around this is if there some method to do this with a rooted phone . or if an application/game supports some sort of " kid lock " that might not be foolproof . developers can override the back/menu/search button intents , but i do not think they can override the home button unless it is a home launcher app . take a quick look at this search on the android market . there are some games specifically tailored to this problem that you might find interesting .
actually , they now have their very own google analytics app . enjoy ! description from google play : essential data for your sites and apps . anywhere , anytime . the google analytics app shows what is new and what is important on your google analytics profiles . see real time statistics , customizable dashboards and intelligence events on your phone .
there is now an official google analytics app . it requires android 2.1 or greater . blog announcement
have you tried any of these applications on the market ? additionally , you should be able to see most of the data via the web except for their graphs ( which uses flash , you had need android 2.2 to view those ) .
as an answer to my own question ( which i re-discovered just now ) , i can tell i have installed : manaltyics : gives you several charts and data of all your web sites coupled to you google account . very nice . analytics widget : widget which when clicked , will update one count of one of your sites . different widgets can be created . very handy to follow the most important data . enjoy .
i know the built-in android mail client does not sync read status with hotmail . have you tried the official hotmail client ? it does seem to support most of hotmail 's more advanced features .
you just need to create a . vcf file on your sd card and copy that to your android phone or using your sim card when you copy contacts select ' move original ' to sim from phone or connect your handset to your pc via pc suite and sync . connect your android phone to your pc and transfer them to it
first try syncing all your nokia 's contacts to phonecopy . and then install phonecopy to your android . and you are done . http://www.phonecopy.com/
i am not sure whether this works as i believe broadcast settings are not stored in sim . i searched and stumbled on this htc support page where the solution is said as : i resolve problem . it is very simple . just put your sim card in old or some other phone and turn off cell broadcast info option . then return your sim in new phone . on my htc desire 500 there is no option for cell broadcast . after this procedure i do not recives messages . then , another search result says with better detail ( you may have to search for Cell Broadcast . though this not deals with your phone ( with htc desire t327w ) , i guess this seems to be a common issue with few htc phones . as per that page : 26-sep-2013 - my earlier review talks about cell broadcast messages problem faced by me while using htc desire xds . after a lot of followup with htc , i have got the steps using which the cell broadcast messages have got disabled in my desire xds . the steps taken by me were as follows for each of the two sim cards : a ) find an old phone which has an option to enable/disable broadcast channels and messages ( in my case its a samsung d500 ) . b ) insert the first sim in that old phone and go to the settings menu for broadcast messages . c ) at first the channels and messages usually appear as disabled . i changed the setting for both channels and messages to enabled in the old phone . d ) switch-off the old phone and switch-on e ) go to the settings menu for broadcast messages . change the settings for both channels and messages to disabled . f ) switch-off the old phone and switch-on g ) switch-off the old phone and remove sim card h ) do the same steps ( a-g ) for the second sim i ) insert the sim cards back in htc desire xds now i do not get any broadcast messages , its such a relief . i hope htc provides a better and elegant solution via a software update in the upgrade to android 4.3 .
juicedefender can do this . it also can turn off data completely , and turn it on every 5 minutes or so to let stuff sync .
the milestone ( original motorola droid to all you americans ) does not use the default home screen app because of the slide out keyboard , since the default home screen app does not support landscape . switching to one of the other alternate home screen apps might solve your problem .
took me a while to figure out but it happened to me only at work . for some odd reason , when plugged into usb on windows 7 ultimate ( to charge ) , this would occur . at home , i use 7 home premium and everything works - driver and software . the pc at work simply would not install the driver for the phone , and would leave my phone hanging . being i am at work , i do not have the ' time ' to troubleshoot , but do notice this occurs often . hope this helps - from toronto , canada .
try to flash stock android 2.1 update1 rom on nexus-1 and then dial this code : *#*#2432546#*#* in your phone/dialer application to receive system updates via fota . once you have updated to your desired version then proceed with rooting . . . .
does this help ? http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=715799 . i remember going down the rabbit hole here some time ago and getting the right binary and installing it on my nexus one . hope this helps . ps - i would have left this as a comment if i could ( not enough reputation :- ( )
if you un-root your phone you should be able to tell it to re-check for updates and then re-apply the update . hopefully you used something like a recovery image to backup your phone before you rooted it , if so then you should be able to restore that backup to get yourself back into an un-rooted state . ( depending on the type of backup you took originally , restoring it may or may not overwrite your current user data , make sure you use all the available tools to backup any data you care about before restoring ) now you are unrooted you can go through the normal android process to check for ota updates : you can see if there is a pending update by clicking the system updates option at the top of that screen ( this will only show the available updates if your phone already knows about them , it does not go back to google/network ) . there is a way to force it to go back the google/the network if an update you are expecting is not showing : go to the homescreen . tap on dialer - to open the dialer screen . from the dialer type *#*#checkin#*#* ( that is *#*#2432546#*#* ) after a few seconds , you will receive an alert notification , accessible from the homescreen window shade " checkin result success " . return to the homescreen . press the menu key . select settings . scroll down , and select about phone . select system updates . if an update is available , you should see the update downloading . when the download is complete , you will be prompted to install ( now or later ) . you can now re-root your phone ( after backing up again ) to get your hebrew interface back . if applicable you should be able to re-use the tools you backed your data up with to get it back again .
the easiest way would be to install ROM Manager from the market . it is a fantastic application written by the guys that created cyanogenmod . from this app , you can download and install vanilla roms and custom roms with a few clicks . highly recommended .
currently the official dropbox app does not support automatic camera upload if you have charge less than 30% . you can do it manually though or through a browser . only 3rd party apps like dropsync can upload when it is at low charge .
i do not know of a way to cause the dropbox app to do it , but if you use dropsync ( an third-party app that syncs android&lt ; -> dropbox ) , you can control the sync vs . battery behavior .
plug it into charge . . . it will upload straight away . not always feasible i know but at least you do not actually have to wait for the battery charge to be higher . . . it does go ahead and upload straight away .
htc one v users can now take the software update . htc has provided the update for whatsapp crash . go to settings> about> software update
if the title bar disappears , install a task killer and kill all tasks . it may help .
try updating htc one v software . this will solve your issue . no need to reinstall whatsapp . you can go to setting -> about -> software update -> check now .
since this issue is mostly isolated to htc devices running 4.0.4 os or older , we have reason to believe your device may have issues with indian languages written in devanagari such as hindi , punjabi , gujarati etc . android only recently added sanskrit based characters support to android 4.3 . this is likely what is causing the crash in your history . unfortunately , this is not something that whatsapp can resolve , the only known fix is to update your phone to a phone that supports sanskrit languages or to ask your contacts to stop sending you messages containing devanagari fonts . if you have any other questions or concerns , please feel free to contact us . we would be happy to help ! regards kuldeep
i had the same issue , mine is not rooted too , this worked : go to settings , apps , all , and then look for contacts ( not phone contacts or sim contacts , is the one that has the contacts icon ) , then force stop , erase data . restart phone to restart contacts app and it will work properly ; ) hope this helps !
if your device is rooted , you can use titanium backup to wipe data for the contact application . there by you will reset the contact app 's settings as well as the contacts . there by you can start fresh . however , if you had synced the contacts before this step , you can again sync to get back your contacts .
you can use any launcher ( eg . nova launcher ) . when you add the shortcut to the home screen , press and hold on the shortcut icon , tap Edit . after this , it will open a dialog box to edit the caption along with the icon . tap on the icon and select the required one from your phone .
it depends on the device . some devices have a safe mode , whereas some do not . if it does have a safe mode , the combination would most likely be in the instruction manual . on my old lg-gt540 , pressing home and power booted safe mode . remember that this functionality can sometimes be broken when using a custom rom .
this will help . i got stuck on that too ! ! http://www.apnaarticle.com/htc-one-enter-and-exit-safe-mode/
this depends a little on the device and what version of android you have . on versions of android later than 4.1 you can access safe mode by bringing up the power down menu ( i.e. . hold the power button ) and long pressing the " power off " option . this will bring up a little dialog box that will ask if you want to reboot into safe mode . the addition is noted on the android web site under " system " changes . on some older phones - though not all will necessarily support this - there may be a button combination that you can hold at boot to get into safe mode instead . for example , the galaxy s2 used to allow you to hold down the hard menu button during the boot process to start up in safe mode . others have used ( i believe ) holding both volume up and volume down . check your user manual ( or google ) for your specific device to find more information , including whether or not the device supports safe mode at all . as to what " safe mode " means - it generally disables third party apps and widgets , to help you recover from a bad app install , give you a chance to remove a possibly rogue/malicious app , or simply determine what apps may be causing problems in your system .
imo has a direct download link on their android webpage . there also seem to be quite a few other apps to try : https://play.google.com/store/search?q=facebook+chatc=apps
upgrade to 4.3 one more time from official 4.3 . zip . i had the same and that helped me .
i had the same issue with the . zip version of the ota i found on xda . what worked for me was removing the google account from settings and re adding it .
if your device is rooted , there is a solution available to you : location cache can not only show you what currently is contained in your location cache , it can also delete cached locations , and even " lock " it -- i.e. it kinda " write protects " the location cache , so no new entries can be written into . effects are multiple : no data cached means slower location , as the last position is no longer available as uploading your " latest locations " is handled " bulk-wise " from the cache , it also means : no data in cache -- no bulk-upload to google 's servers -- privacy protected . i just remember : in android 2.1 and earlier , we were able to activate " network based locations " and still keep our privacy by unchecking the " share with google " checkbox . if you try this with android 2.2+ , unchecking that second box automatically unchecks " use network-based locations " as well . so it is technically possible ( and even was implemented this way ) to respect our privacy -- but intentionally disabled . do not think evil . . . remark : location cache does no longer work from ics up , it seems -- according to the description on the playstore : ( if i can see any alternative , i will update this answer . meanwhile , it at least provides help to those with froyo and gingerbread . . . as i read in the description of android location cache viewer , this might be due to the fact the locations are no longer stored on the device ( at least not in the same place ; so either the place has changed , or transmission to google 's server takes place immediately -- which would also mean the " last location " would no longer be present locally , which i doubt ) . those of you who cannot stop google getting those data , but still want to protect their privacy , could make use of location spoofers ( e . g . location spoofer or catchmeifucan ) to at least cause some confusion to potential abusers : )
you can not remove the battery on the razr or maxx , so the magical key sequence to power off is holding the volume down and the power key for 10 seconds .
it is not a benefit or a feature per se , but rather a design issue . some devices ' hardware will not respond to hardware buttons to force a reboot , necessitating a hard power off ( ie , removing the battery ) if the system crashes . it depends on how the hardware is designed - ie , if there is a separate circuit , not dependent on the os , that a physical button can trigger to force a hard reboot ( similar to many pcs , where holding down the power button for 5 seconds will force a hard reboot ) .
that is not entirely true . when your device crashes , press and hold the power button for 10 seconds . the device will be rebooted . it works at least on my galaxy s . you should try it , too . if this method is not working , you should not blame android for that . this is the way computers work . when the kernel runs out of memory , the device is crashed . your screen is on or off , it does not matter . . the data is intact in memory ( mainly ram ) . the ram is designed such that it can hold data as long as it has power supply . it is not like hard drives , dvds etc which could hold data without power supply . when you remove battery , the ram loses its data . so , when you start the device after that , it is like a fresh start , the kernel is loaded again in ram to handle everything as usual . ( if you have problems understanding any terms or process in last paragraph , please see this question for some definitions . )
like the other answer , i too re-inforced a new cable , as a pre-emptive measure . i experimented a little with the heat shrink tubing and superglue method , but supergluing the smaller heat shrink tube ( which has to be slit in order to put on the cable ) is messy , and prone to failure after applying the necessary heat to shrink it tight on the cable . better , cheaper , and far easier is to simply use high quality 3/4" black electrical tape to reinforce that ( nook color/tablet ) end of the cable , in three steps , as follows : wrap the tape tightly around the cable itself , on the area closest to the connector , until it is the same diameter as that first ( round ) stage of the connector . cut the tape . next wrap more tape over that area , close as possible to the larger ( square ) part of the connector , so that it covers both the previous tape wrap plus the smaller round ( flange ) part of the connector . wrap tightly until it is about level or possibly a little higher than the square part of the connector . cut the tape . next wrap more tape around that last wrap of tape plus part of the square connector , say with the edge right at the " n " led , with about 3 turns maximum . cut the tape . all done . advantages to this method include not subjecting the cable end to heat high enough to shrink the heat tubing ( and possibly causing other damage ) . also you do not need any other equipment or materials besides 3/4" electrical tape and scissors . wrapping in 3 separate " level " sections keeps the tape from wrinkling , and if wrapped tightly , looks quite neat when done . recommendation : wrap in the same direction for each of the 3 sections , and cut the tape such that tape sections end on the opposite side of the connector 's " n " led .
i was not smart enough to be preemptive , though i had plenty of warning as the intermittent problem became more frequent and finally failed completely ( no wiggling the cord would make it work ) . so , i opened up the connector on the nook end ( with the " n" ) and reconnected with solder the two broken leads . this was tricky since the circuit board there is only about 5/16 inch square ! there are four conductors : red , green , black and white insulation colors in the cord . both the black and the white leads were broken off . after testing and reassembly , i wrapped the area with black , stretchy electricians tape to provide better strain relief at that vulnerable site .
i fixed the cable early before it was too late . the problem zone is the hard transition from the connector to the cable . shear force due to moving/bending the cable is very strong there when the cable is inserted into the nook . this is the place where it starts to break and that needs to be fixed . i consider this solution permanent as it has not broken in 18 months : add another coating to this transition to reduce shear force . used components : superglue 2 pieces of heat shrink tube ( different diameter ) before : fixed :
i would like to add a fun alternative : use some sugru . it is a flexible silicone rubber which can stick to just about anything and is simply moulded by hand . it air cures to a tough durable rubber . this is a uk invention ( i am sure they now have it in the us ) , so might be an alternative for us over here . www.sugru.com
go to download mode and flash galaxy s2 firmware/recovery using heimdall or odin ( over usb ) . there is no other way .
i would check out yahoo messenger . i have not used it but it is the only video chat app that i am aware of that can communicate with a computer . i believe fring and qik only go phone to phone . also , keep an eye on skype , unfortunately at the moment their android offering is very limited .
another option will be oovoo . the free version allows 2-way video chat between android and mac ( plus many other platforms ) they are expected to release a version for the galaxy tab in february according to this http://www.cnet.com/8301-19736_1-20025684-251.html
if i enable location sharing in latitude , that comes with google maps , all my friends with whom i have enabled sharing can see me either from their phone or logging in to google maps .
are you sure that this is camera ? it is more likely a light/proximity sensor . . .
boot up your phone . when it gets stuck on the logo , remove battery then place it again .
i have solved this issue by going to contacts > display options > select contacts to display > check all
it is not " constantly " trying to update , and therefore it is not constantly using your battery . autosync only transmits when the other side has something to send . it does not constantly ask if there has been a change that needs to be synced . this is accomplished by opening a socket to the server , then putting the radio to sleep . the socket stays open until server attempts to send something , or the socket times out . tcp/ip sockets typically time out anywhere from 12 to 18 minutes after they are opened . each time the radio listens for traffic ( which in gsm land is every 120 milliseconds ) it will see that traffic is waiting if either the socket timed out or the socket became readable ( has data waiting ) . it would then power up the radio enough to read the data , or reestablish the timed out socket ) . your phone is doing that all the time , 24/7 365 whether you have autosync on or not . that is how cell phones work . it takes virtually zero power . so if you sync your gmail , contacts , calendars , picasa , documents , books , music , reader , all of those things you sync with google are handled by one socket . that one socket gets set readable when there has been any change in any of those services that needs syncing . add another socket for dropbox , or skydrive , or any non-google mail accounts . ( for non-google mail accounts always choose imap accounts , never pop3 . pop3 has to wake up and check mail . have your gmail account pull mail from pop3 , and get that account off your phone . imap accounts use imap idled , which works on the open socket method described above , as does microsoft exchange ) . the vast majority of these services go hours if not days between any changes , so there are very few times that data needs to actually be synced . most of the time its just a socket refresh . and all of these tend to happen at one time , because android tries to get them to all drop at the same time by starting them at the same time when you bounce from one tower to the next or switch from cellular to wifi . but the key point to remember is that your phone is always talking to the towers anyway , every 120ms , so these socket refreshes take almost zero extra power . source : icebike 's answer on http://forums.androidcentral.com/htc-one-x/181151-autosync-battery-killer.html
from the op : ok , managed to solve this . can not answer my own question for 8 hours , by which time i will forget . if a mod can mark this as answered , please do fastboot will allow you to install signed images , apparently , so the trick is to use one of those . steps to resolve : downloaded a copy of the relevant rom from here . unzipped . i could not just push using fastboot update because fastboot expects roms to contain certain informational files ( android-info.txt and android-product.txt ) which the above archive lacks . pushed each of the files using the following commands . mfastboot is the motorola-specific fastboot , which i found here . that archive contains versions for linux , mac , and windows , which is nice . ( darwin == mac . ) i am fairly confident you can use that in place of fastboot everywhere below . make sure you use the right carrier code and rom ! i have verizon ( vzw ) . fastboot oem fb_mode_set fastboot flash partition gpt . bin fastboot flash motoboot motoboot . img fastboot flash logo logo . bin fastboot flash boot boot . img fastboot flash recovery recovery . img mfastboot flash system system . img fastboot flash modem non-hlos . bin fastboot erase modemst1 fastboot erase modemst2 fastboot flash fsg fsg . mbn fastboot erase cache fastboot erase userdata fastboot erase customize fastboot erase clogo fastboot oem config carrier vzw fastboot oem fb_mode_clear done ! at this stage i rebooted and it was exactly as new .
osmand is an offline navigation app and should support geo intents since 2011 . it has a fully functional free version and a reasonably priced paid version in the play store . it is foss also , so you could ask for the functionality to be improved or you could send a patch yourself if needed . there is also nightly builds available on the project 's site .
from inside the emulator , you can access the localhost of the host machine by using the ip address 10.0.2.2 ( source ) . for further info about creating an avd and using the emulator , check out the documentation .
the same happens occasionally on my galaxy s , usually about 5-10 minutes after plugging in . if you can handle the dev tools , you could try charging the phone from an usb port while running logcat and checking what goes on around the time the phone activates , or if the screen turns on only when charging from a wall socket you could run aLogcat on the phone while charging and then try to see the reason , but it can be a bit tricky on the phone .
i eventually tracked this down using the app " task identifier " . it is a bit awkward to use and has an odd interface , but it also has the useful feature of showing an alert if apps activate when the phone is sleeping . it turned out that the problem was the sync service from the doubletwist app , and it appears that it was indeed caused by an inappropriately-used acquire_causes_wakeup wakelock . i have e-mailed them a bug report .
i had this problem when i had sipdroid installed -- every time its connection dropped and came back up , it would turn on the screen . you could use an app like titanium backup ( requires root ) to " freeze " an app , and see if the problem stops . if it does you know what app is the problem . then uninstall it , or turn off background sync for it or something if that might be the problem . tb can uninstall system apps , but be careful which ones .
the asus eee pad transformer is close to what you are after and available now . i like the way it also extendes the battery life . i would wait for something with a bit more power for this purpose though . i have a feeling that using a single core arm processor with 512mb ram in my case would feel pretty slow as a desktop experience . another thing to note is that android will not support all the keyboard shortcuts that you are used to on a desktop . i hope this changes because for me it is an obvious evolution . indeed the concept of a personal computing unit like this is something i have been waiting for for 15 years !
samsung have a dock for the galaxy tab which connects it to a pretty much full-size keyboard , and props the screen in a position where it is like a laptop 's screen . there are also a number of android devices that have a video or hdmi out capability to output their screen onto a tv , often needing a special converter cable . bluetooth is an option for connecting keyboards , keypro ( appbrain link ) ( official website ) andteksoft blueinput ( appbrain link ) ( official website ) load drivers onto your phone to let you use bluetooth hid to connect up many bluetooth keyboards ( trial versions are free to test your device 's compatibility , but it looks like if you want to carry on using it you will have to pay to register to make it work fully ) . there are other options for loading bluetooth hid ( keyboard ) drivers onto your phone if you root it . also , see these previous questions regarding connecting peripherals , such as keyboards and mice , to android devices using bluetooth . bluetooth keyboard with android ? what else can bluetooth do ? external hardware keyboards from android honeycomb ( android 3.1 ) upwards certain devices , that have usb host support built into their hardware , can attach and use normal usb keyboards and mice ( with the appropriate usb host micro-usb to usb converter cable ) . i have occasionally plugged in used a keyboard this way on my motorola xoom .
samsung galaxy s can output to tv using a special micro usb to hdmi cable : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gtqbax_bdfk
motorola have just been showing off their ' atrix ' phone which does pretty much what you are after . it is apparently due ' later this year ' ( source ) . here 's a video of the docking features .
i am typing this response using a bluetooth keyboard , bluetooth mouse , and external monitor hooked up to my samsung galaxy nexus . it works great and was very simple to set up . no special drivers or apps needed . i am using a dell s2409wb monitor , an old rocketfish keyboard and an old rocketfish mouse .
google for ubuntu for android , the video demonstrates how your android phone can be connected to an external monitor and used as fully functional desktop , while still being used as android phone . great stuff , mind blowing ! !
probable answer by guessing what you are doing : if all those unwanted pictures are also displayed in the galery , and you use some " media-importing-software " ( as opposed to just copying files in explorer yourself ) : this importing software is probably contacting your android device 's media server for " media of the type image " , so it gets all images returned the media service knows about . no big help up to this , but : you can tell the media service to exclude directories from its library by placing an empty file named .nomedia there ( the leading dot is essential in the file name ! ) . as soon as the media scanner finds that file , the entire directory it resides in ( including all subdirectories ) is skipped . if there are any pictures , videos or sound files , they will not show up in the galery ( but you still can access them via a file browser if you want ) , and the media service will not even know they exist . so the next time it is asked for " all media of type image " , those files will not be mentioned .
after you start the recording which you have already figured out , but for others i will list it below , you add a wait action for the specified amount of time , then add an action to stop recording . in your task , choose plugin-> easy voice recorder and configure it to record . for the second action , choose task-> wait and configure it for 10 hours . for the final action , choose plugin -> easy voice recorder and configure it to stop .
you can go un-official , cm7 works great on it . . . a gb aosp rom more info here
the cacertman application , while it does not support 2.1 as compiled , is trivially modifiable to compile against 2.1 sdk and minimum version can be dropped with no seemingly ill effects . now to get that patch submitted .
the google search app is able to search the applications on your phone . on 4.1+ this can be done through a google now search . on many devices , this is accessible by swiping upwards from the home button in the navigation bar . when you search for the app on your phone , you can use the bar along the bottom to scroll to " phone " to search your phone rather than the web . you can also search " start " so for example if i had an app called ( in your case ) " battery " , if i typed into the search bar " start battery " it would give me a card showing the app name and icon with a button below saying " open app "
try google gesturesearch using this you can not only search for an application but also contacts , music and bookmarks . this has a cool feature that you can use natural hand writing to type the app name and keypad is not needed .
there is an option in google search / now settings to allow you to search through apps as well as web ( go to google now settings , there you will see phone search , open it and tick apps )
i have solved it ! ! ! it is easy when you see someone using this tablet . in this video , jdx s7300 testing with shadowgun , you can see how to set the controls in the 1:30
you may have muted notifications for this contact . press the menu button on your device ( or touch the menu button in the top bar ( action bar ) if your phone has no menu button ) and go down to " mute " then from there you should see an option to hide notifications . all you have to do is turn that off , and that contact 's/group 's notifications should start appearing again .
though i am responding late , i too faced this problem today and could figure the call setting by following procedure below : press the phone symbol from the home screen settings button and select ' settings ' . under other call settings select ' additional settings ' caller id is that what you are looking for ? hth
you might want to take a look at locus maps : it not only can import kmz files ( i guess the ones you mean keep to the keyhole standard , so they should work ) . you can even have media ( pictures ) embedded within , and use them in offline mode . maps also can be downloaded right from within the app , so you can be prepared for your off-road trip . it also supports a bunch of different map formats ( including vector maps ) , so i would wonder if you were unable to get your mentioned material loaded with locus . besides : excellent support , active forum , and much more . . . definitely worth a look . and no , i am not the developer placing my ad here : )
you can try wifi pppoe , although meant to be used over wifi , it might be able to use wired ethernet as well , depending on how it is implemented ( wired ethernet is not a standard android thing ) .
android-shell-command-reference read this out . . . it may be helpful to you .
i do not know if there is a way to do it specifically in touchwiz , but on my droid i had to install groupy to accomplish this . it works but be careful and test it out first as if you add groups and sync in the wrong order you will end up with tons of duplicates .
go to contacts . hit menu --> display options . under " choose contacts to display " tap the account ( gmail ) and then check the groups you want .
the groups tab in the contacts app shows the individual google contacts groups , including the built-in ones ( "coworkers " etc . ) and my custom groups , and they are browsable . this is on my galaxy s vibrant running 2.2 , with touchwiz .
indeed , overriding certificates it is one of the most popular ways to compromise https . so , if your employer can succeed to create a certificate that fools the app , it can easily perform a mitm attack . some links to check about mitm attacks on gmail app : [ 1 ] : http://www.networking4all.com/en/ssl+certificates/ssl+news/android+apps+vulnerable+to+man-in-the-middle+attacks/ [ 2 ] : http://bgr.com/2011/08/30/iranian-government-said-to-be-using-mitm-hack-to-spy-on-gmail-other-google-services/
please note that the market requires talk to run , and you have to be signed into talk for the market to work . this is your main issue . you will need to add them back via nandroid if you have it , otherwise you will have to reflash your rom . you need to be really careful about which stock apps you remove as a lot of them are interdependent on one another . check on xda and cyanogen sites for lists of which stock apps you can and can not remove .
since you have not mentioned , i assume you do not have nandroid backup . a nanroid backup is basically a backup of your android operating system from the phone’s nand memory , saved to the storage card . if you had that , you could have just restored the backup . now the alternative is , if you know the programs that were deleted by the performed command you could try getting the apk files and adding them in /system/app and rebooting the phone . i thing the best and easy way now would be to get the stock rom for your phone and flash it .
firefox also requires an armv7 processor . the htc dream/g1 is officially unsupported because its processor is armv6 . see the supported/unsupported device list on the mozilla wiki : these devices have armv6 processors and are not compatible with firefox for android : . . . htc dream ( t-mobile g1 , android dev phone 1 ) . . .
the answer to this question from eldarerathis is currently correct ; now , though , armv6 support is in the works too , and it can be downloaded from mozilla . ( however , the aurora build of mobile firefox worked better for me than the nightly build last time i tried it ; however , i have a slightly unusual device using a qvga ( small ) screen and a keyboard ) .
as long as your phone is rooted , you can use the excellent button remapper app by appelflap as a convenient workaround . what the app will let you do is remap the camera button to work as the power button . after installing the app , find the entry for " ( camera ) " and set its action to " power " and its state to " wake_dropped " . ( wake tells the key to register even when the screen is off ; wake_dropped does the same but drops the key before it is sent to the running application . ) optionally , remap the " ( power ) " button to something innocuous like " home " and set its state to " none " — that way , in case the real power button becomes active in a jammed state , the button input should not mess up anything you are trying to do on the phone . after you are satisfied with your changes , click " apply " to reboot the phone for the changes to take effect . in case you messed up , there will be a notification from button remapper in the status bar , which will let you reset any changes you have made . note that even when using button remapper to remap the hardware buttons , the remapping will not take effect when the phone is off ( or you are booted into recovery mode ) . if your power button does not work , you will still have to use a workaround like plugging your phone into a charger in order to get the phone to power on from a shutdown state . seeing as how the power button design on the motorola droid appears to be partially defective ( i know of at least a handful of droid owners who have had the power button fail ) , on my replacement droid i made the point of remapping the camera button pre-emptively , in an attempt to minimize wear and tear on the power button . it is something to consider .
to do it when the phone is turned off : plug it in to power while holding down the ' x ' key until a warning sign shows up on screen . different versions seem to differ here , but : it might boot straight away . you might have to hold down the volume up and camera keys , then select ' reboot phone ' . you might have to press the search button , then select ' reboot phone ' .
that process is called side loading ( i added the corresponding tag to your question , so you may simply click it for related questions ) . and yes , it can be done : all you will have to do is to enable the unknown-sources setting , and then access the .apk using a web browser or file manager . however : downloading apps from " dubious sources " carries a big risk , as they might include malware . chances are especially high if you obtained that file from some " sharing site " like e.g. mediafire or the like , where everybody can put everything . the risk you take that way is not worth the 99 cent saved by not buying the app on the playstore , so i would think twice before doing so . if you got the file from the developer 's site , on the other hand , it should be as safe as if installed via the playstore .
what you need to do is head over to sammobile . com and download the latest firmware for your phone , then using odin you can flash the new firmware . if your driver issues are software related then this will work because odin uses your phones " download mode " and that is a different driver all together , and if your truly stock and not rooted there is no way you could have changed it . samsung kies will come with the needed driver for download mode to get that too if you do not already have it . also you can check out forum . xda-developers . com there is a lot of useful tools and guides there . another option if the samsung kies for skyrocket supports it is a firmware emergency recovery . it will install the latest firmware , and use download mode to do it .
adapted from are there any risks to rooting a device ? does it have the potential to brick the device ? yes . flashing bad software is the easiest way to brick your device . a failed flash or one that gets interrupted may also brick your device . sometimes things just go wrong even if you do everything right ; flashing software manually is not something for the faint of heart . some devices are easy to " soft brick " but difficult to " hard brick " . a soft brick is when the device fails to boot and you need to resort to flashing firmware , often through a manufacturer tool like samsung 's odin , to fix it . a hard brick is when it is totally broken ; this usually only occurs if you overwrite the device 's bootloader . will it void my warranty ? if you flash a custom rom , you void your warranty . if you flash a stock rom over top of an " unaltered " ( e . g . , never rooted ) stock rom through the manufacturer-approved process , then you should be safe , but flashing stock under other circumstances is no different from flashing a custom rom . will i stop getting updates ? for stock roms , no , not in general . you will not get stock updates for a custom rom , but the custom rom might have its own updates . can i go back to the stock rom if i am unhappy with the custom one ? generally , yes . most guides you will find strongly recommend doing this when your phone is in recovery mode before you actually flash the new rom . from recovery , you should be able to restore your stock rom in all its glory should something go wrong during the flashing ( but you can still boot in recovery mode ) or if you are dissatisfied with your current rom . finding the right stock rom for your device online is going to be much harder after the fact ( and you can never be sure if it has not been tampered with ) , so be sure to do this before doing anything else .
while it is generally safe there is always a chance that something goes wrong and your phone will be broken . installing custom roms also voids your warranty so if for whatever reason you need to have it repaired you will need to restore the original firmware , but that may not be possible if you have hardware issues . do not be discouraged by this . if you follow the instructions to the t , the chance that something breaks is about the same that you will win the lottery ie . nonexistent .
in linux/android it is not recommended to close apps or use task killers . unlike a windows computer/phone , linux/android can keep applications " running " in the background which does not use any cpu or networking ( unless it is a media player ) . it has actually been proven that closing apps causes more battery drain , because instead of android being able to recall the app that was in memory it has to relaunch it , which requires more memory use as well as cpu . you are better to leave apps running . sources : how to geek and lifehacker
select the ' mass storage only ' option in the usb settings and then connect the cable . if this does not work , you can connect your laptop and your phone to the same wireless network and use airdroid to transfer files wirelessly from your laptop to your phone and vice versa using a browser on your laptop . both devices just have to be connected to the same wireless network ( with or without internet access ) . hope this helps !
figured it out - the contacts were saved to my sim card , not my phone . i had to import all my contacts from my sim to my phone and then i was able to edit them fully : )
not sure how much help this is , but i have had success using the reverse tethering solution with iis , so it must have something to do with your server . with iis i connect using the ip 192.168.0.0:port/{path of directory within iis instance} hope this helps
it looks like the build did not complete successfully . run make again . it should try to resume from the point the build failed , whereupon it'll encounter the same error again . probably the error message will tell you what went wrong : possibly it is a problem with the software you need to build the source , or likely the way you have " modified " the build has caused the problem . if you can not work out yourself what the error message means , then our sister site stack overflow will be able to offer specific help if you tell them the message and your situation .
when i rooted my g1 and was using cyanogen and we had a similar error we did not need to reflash the rom , but just the gapps package - try reflashing that . or other wise on androidpolice they have the latest market apk file which you could download and trash flashing that and seeing if that will install over the current market . if that still does not work consider reflashing the rom and gapps package again , but make sure you wipe before flashing . i always found that doing a wipe before each flash made for far fewer issues and errors . case in point is my wife is using my g1 running cyanogen 's 2.2 version of android and has been up and running for the last 6 months and we have not had any crashes or errors yet on it , and i made sure to do a wipe and clean install when loading it .
you can re-share your friend 's post using friendcaster for facebook app . simply install it and use it as your primary fb app . its better than official fb app in many aspects . . update ( november 2012 ) : in recent version of official facebook app , this feature has been added . happy re-sharing !
since you said you have aready use odin to flash , i think you know how to get these necessary files : bootloader , pda , phone , csc , pit . then , let 's start . force the device to the upload mode by this way : simultaneously press power button and down button . when the device is in download mode , plug odin software and flash only bootloader file ( normally bootloader file is like this : bootloader_devicecode . tar . md5 ) . after that , flash again with all pda , bootloader , csc , phone and it is ok without pit . you should use the lastest version of odin , as i am now using ver . 3.07 . please feel free if you need more help .
important : make a backup before trying any of the following steps ! usually the animation video is stored at : /system/media/video/shutdown you can rename this to something else . or delete all the files from there . if it is not there , check /system/customize/resource/ or /data/local/ may be it can be found there . in some cases shutdown animation may be handled by an apk . check under system/app if you have a Shutdown.apk or PowerOff.apk . if yes ( like in lg-p692 ) , you also have PowerOff.odex there . do not touch PowerOff.odex . in this case you can modify the PowerOff.apk . this is how : copy the PowerOff.apkto your pc use 7zip or winrar or any uncompressor software you have , to open the apk . go to res/drawable folders . you might have up to 3-4 of them like : drawable-ldpi , drawable-mdpi , drawable-hdpi , drawable-xdpi ( in case of lg-p692 , only drawable-mdpi will be found ) . there you can see some .png or .jpg files . replace those with any images that you want . if you do not want anything there you can use plain black images . make sure that you put the images with the same resolution that of the original images . replace images in all the drawable folders . after you replace those images , make sure the apk is in the same format as it was earlier , except the images that have been changed . now copy back the PowerOff.apk to your phone where it was . power off your phone . remove your battery . power on . and now test . see how this helps . tested with an lg-p692 .
there is an alternate approach without root device . by using sdk tool to set install location as sd card , you can move most . it is a good middle of the round solution . see url - http://techgage.com/article/moving_your_non-movable_android_apps_to_an_sd_card/
as @cyborgz said , you have to first root the system . take a look at this question to see your device is listed . even if not , probably your device 's closest like htc hero for more information . once rooted you have to partition your sd card to create a sd-ext partition . see the question " sd card partitioning ? why ? how ? " to know how . then you can use apps like link2sd to move few user applications to sd card and create link of few user applications to the sd-ext partition . by this way you would have created loads of free memory in your device . if you still want to get more like moving youtube , gmail and maps , you can use link2sd to first convert them to user app ( from system app ) and move or link them ( most likely moving will not be permitted ) .
in order to access the system folder root access is required . all systems apps are available in /system/apps folder , if you have root access , just choose the required app and move it sd card with the help of file manager . if you would like to move your system data partition i.e. , system/data you can try this hope it helps . ps : please do a research before doing any thing in system folder , if you mess up , then i am not responsible ! ! !
i would recommend leaving the stock keyboard and using the google keyboard . it does have a language change key that is great for changing inputs , unlike some stock keyboards . i have set up english ( qwerty ) , english ( dvorak ) , and spanish . its compatible with android 4.0+ .
only way i found around it is to find the conversation in the normal gmail web interface , scroll all the way to the bottom where it says " n deleted messages in this conversation . view messages or delete forever . " where n is a number and press " delete forever " . certainly not a satisfying solution .
i had this problem on a galaxy nexus with version 4.6 of the gmail app . clearing the app 's data via settings > storage > apps > gmail > clear data forced gmail to reload all my messages , and when the troublesome threads reappeared , the drafts were gone .
samsung has their own calendar in touchwiz , it is not the " stock " calendar . and from what i remember , you cant change the color of the calendars in the touchwiz calendar . i stopped using the touchwiz calendar and bought " business calendar " - there is a free version too that has ads and missing a couple features like " drag and drop " . it works great , and has a good home screen widget too . i used it as a replacement for the limited calendar in touchwiz , and now that i have a rom that has the " stock " calendar , i still use it .
well , the problem seemed to have gone away on its own after a few more synchronizations , so i guess the solution is to just wait a bit .
follow the guidelines from xda forum have a look at http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1374742
just a wild guess : open contacts app long-press a contact so that a menu appears click edit click groups check ice - emergency contacts although i have an s4 , i can not try it on my phone due to some security settings .
once you hit the gray box and that ice list pops up , i believe you just have to select a contact from that list in order to assign that person/phone number to the box . just be careful with assigning contacts to the gray boxes because it can be very easy to pocket dial these people . in case you are interested in removing someone from the gray box , you select the menu button while on the " emergency dialer " screen and it'll give the option to remove the contact from the gray box . hope it helps .
the quick settings app puts that at your fingertips and , by default , is launched with a long-press on the search button .
my solution was to change the front room wifi to wpa2 to match the backroom 's wifi ( wpa2 ) which i never had a problem with . do not know why this works i cannot believe the sgs2 has less than optimum support for wpa . maybe it was buggy software . . . although i am fully updated and have been since i got the phone . ( september 11 ) i should mention this was not a problem caused by ics or fixed by the firmware upgrade as i had the problem pretty much as soon as i got the phone ( september 11 ) .
every android devices comes with many apps already installed . on one hand , these are useful and enhance the functionality of your device . but on the other hand , like in your case , they are useless apps that use resources , are not available on the user 's country , and some times can not even be uninstalled and . this is better clarified below , but it is all about deals that have been made . . . what apps come with the device ? built-in almost every device comes with essential apps to allow the user to use the device instantly . some examples are : browser , camera app , email , clock , e-mail , music player . carrier specific it is common to find apps to access the wireless carrier services , either to entice you to subscribe or to access information about your account . google own apps apps developed by google may or may not be pre-installed in your device . this is decided by the device manufacturer or wireless carrier . one can always install or uninstall as desired . bloatware wireless carriers or device manufacturers , bundle sample apps as part of a deal made with vendors . usually this app can not be uninstalled .
google music ( or play music as it is called now ) is not just used for music purchased from the play music store , or for music stored in its cloud service , it can also play music stored locally on the phone , or on inserted sd cards . my uk galaxy nexus has it pre-installed , even though the play music store and cloud storage service are not available here . it is just the latest version of the built-in android music player , and works perfectly well for playing mp3s saved on the phone , even if you never use any of the cloud services or the store .
you would wonder what else comes pre-installed . some phones have been seen in germany with software special to some russian mail providers -- almost causing panic being suspected of a malware attack . as it is , it is easier for manufacturers to maintain one installation type , which they can ship internationally . as long as they do not exaggerate , and keep the system image in a decent size , this should normally not bother anyone -- most of those apps are either hidden and only show up with a matching sim card being inserted . unfortunately that ( hiding ) is not true with some other apps as e.g. google music -- but still it serves the purpose of " production ease " .
are you sure gt-s5300 supports android 4.1.2 ? according to sammobile , the latest version for gt-s5300 is 2.3.6 , and it was relased on august 2013 . maybe you are talking about jellyblast rom , which is a custom rom , and not a stock rom . coincidentally , jellyblast rom has version 4.1.1 .
i have just tried on my nexus 4 and it does show up , although very very briefly . i had gps turned on , took a photo and quickly opened the app switching ' menu ' . i saw the gps notification show up for about 1 second and then it disappeared . i guess this is because it quickly grabs your location and stores that with the image , and then " does not care " where you are so does not access your gps location again until you take another picture .
to use an attached usb device you need to have : a usb otg ( usb on-the-go ) cable usb host mode drivers loaded on your device a version of the android operating system loaded on that device that supports usb host mode an android device ( eg phone or tablet ) that has built-in hardware support for usb host mode and finally there need to be drivers on your device , for whatever usb device you are plugging in . operating system usb host mode support was introduced in android version 3.1 ( honeycomb ) , so if you have android 3.1 , or newer installed on your device then you should have the necessary support for it in your os , android 4 also adds additional usb and otg support . also , many third-party roms add support for usb host mode to phones that have the hardware support , but do not have the necessary os or driver support in the official operating system release . host mode drivers most devices that have both hardware support and a new enough os will have the necessary drivers loaded to enable usb host mode , but some do not . you can find driver apps on the play store for some models that do not have built in drivers . some models with 3rd party instructions and drivers available are : nexus one htc desire htc incredible cable you can not just use a normal usb cable . as these devices can act as both a usb " slave " device ( for instance so that you can plug them into a pc and copy music onto your phone , or copy pictures off the phone ) and a usb " host " ( for example so that you can plug a usb memory stick into your tablet and copy files on or off it ) they need some way to tell which they should act as at a given time . a usb otg ( usb on-the-go ) cable is what is used to tell your device to act as a host , this is like a normal usb cable but it has one of the internal pins connected to ground at one end to let that device know that it should act as the host ( technically pins 4 and 5 are shorted to ground in an otg cable ) . additionally , as most phones have micro-usb sockets , but most usb dongles have " full-size " usb plugs , as below many otg cables have a male micro-b usb plug at one end , and a female usb-a plug at the other to convert between the different sized connectors . the motorola camera connection kit , which is a usb otg cable usb otg cables can be bought fairly cheaply on places like ebay or the amazon marketplace , as well as many small electronics shops . you may also find that your device 's manufacturer sells an official , branded one , often called something like a " camera connection kit " or " usb memory stick connection cable " . if you are brave you can also find various tutorials on the web on how to make your own otg cable from a standard usb cable . usb device drivers when you plug your usb device into your android phone or tablet it needs to know what that usb device is and what to do with it . for common devices , like usb memory sticks , or cameras that support pptp or usb mass storage , these will often already be built into the os . for other usb devices , like wifi , 3g or bluetooth dongles there may not be drivers pre-built into the os , or only drivers for certain specific devices . how to test everything together there are some apps that can help you test whether you have all of the necessary hardware and software to do this , such as usb host diagnostics . using it to test your device 's capabilities is very simple install usb host diagnostics from the play store run it tap the start diagnostics link , and following the directions first ensure that you have nothing plugged into usb on your device and then plug a device ( such as a usb flash drive ) in when prompted if everything works you should end up with a summary screen like this , showing firstly a few details about your device and the running os , then letting you know whether or not your device says that it supports usb host mode , and then the all important final verdict that lets you know whether testing the host mode access worked or not : if everything is working and the app successfully detected your usb device ( showing that your usb host mode is working ) you should have " yes"s in the ringed sections , and some details showing how much access 3rd party ( ie non-built-in ) apps have to the device . if not , there should be details there to help you track down where the problem is . alternatively , chainfire , the author of usb host diagnostics , has a ( long ) listing of all the reports that people have submitted after running the test on their devices . you can look your device up in the list and see if people with your device and operating system version have passed all of the tests , or not . have a look for your device here : http://usbhost.chainfire.eu/
this only applies if you have root access , as bryan already pointed out in the comments . i would suggest using a utility such as titaniumbackup to completely back-up all your applications and your data . it will be stored on your sd card so that you can transfer its files to another device and restore the backups on there .
my idea . . . if you dont see the file , try to use another one file manager what have the option " show hidden files " . ( sometimes it is impossible without root rule . . . ) and save the app to the sd card from the phone memory , then try to copy everything . after moving , try to re-copy everything . ( *server sync not exists ? *game support doesnt recommend anything for you ? )
if you have a locked bootloader , it is s-on . if you fully unlock the bootloader it is s-off . as eldarerathis notes below there is an intermediate state , where it is unlocked but still s-on , where you can flash recoveries and roms but not radio firmware and so on . if you do not unlock the bootloader , you can not flash unsigned firmware and most often can not alter your rom ( i.e. . , no permanent rooting ) . the locked bootloader generally restores a known good system image on boot if it sees that changes have been made . for some devices there is no known method of unlocking the bootloader ; most of the time you need something official like htc 's unlocker tool .
one option - if you have root and a proper custom kernel you can use something like setcpu to underclock your processor . cyanogenmod also has this functionality built in since at least cm7 , do not remember if it is in cm6 . that can be found in Settings-&gt;CyanogenMod Settings-&gt;Performance iirc . without root access , i suppose you could try to run some kind of " expensive " process in an attempt to occupy cpu cycles , but its probably not the best of ideas or an accurate portrayal of a slower device .
if you mean logged by your phone company then yes any calls that go over their network will be logged and billed to you . if the 3rd party app uses voip or something similar they will not log it as a call but then you also will not be billed for it except for the data charges . if you mean logged on your phone so you can check it in the call history then that depends on the application as it is possible for an app to edit your call history .
simple answer : no . long answer : no , as these app use a native binary installed onto the system to reroute data through the proxy . this is done at kernel level ( actually it is done using the terminal commands , but it is done at kernel level ) , because of this root access is needed . there are 0 apps that allow you to use a proxy without rooting first . android 4 . x natively supports proxies however .
short answer : no , proxy apps available on the playstore all need root ( to my knowledge ) . but you can use the native proxy -- even with android 2.1 . longer answer : as liam wrote in his answer , an explicit proxy requires kernel level access . but android has a native proxy built in . before android 4 . x , its settings were simply hidden . so all you need is access to its settings page -- which is what some apps provide , as e.g. proxy settings does : from the app 's description : it provides a set of tools to ease the access and the modification of the proxy configuration into your android device . proxy settings offers to the users a set of tools to check and troubleshoot the selected proxy configuration proxy settings works with android 2.1 and higher .
grab mac address of wi-fi adapter of device . go to Settings ~> Wireless and Network ~> Wi-Fi Settings and tap/press options key . then , tap Advanced . here , you can get mac address . the method can vary based on firmware . look up this mac address at http://www.techzoom.net/tools/check-mac.en or http://www.coffer.com/mac_find/ . if device is not legitimate , you can detect here .
gadgets in thailand are way cheaper than anywhere else but , there is a small heads-up - more than likely , it will have a csc code for thailand , asia , so the updates on that would be somewhat , slower than the rest of the region zones . having said that , you can flash it with a different regional csc code . so go for it , when the first samsung galaxy tab 7" ( p1010t with wifi only ) came out , it was on sale there in thailand - a mate of mine was there , and got it for me - 200 euros - it was a steal , it would have been about 450euros to buy in the eu . and yes , it was genuine , the real thing ! : )
there are a few things you can try before contacting comixology support . go to the settings of the comixology app , and then tap the restore purchases button . that might solve things if you are logged into your comixology account . if that does not work , you can go to the purchases section of the app and read from there . click on the comixology icon in the top left corner of the app to view the menu to switch from featured , publishers , purchases , etc . once you are on the purchases screen , click on a book , then click the read button . the final solution to try would be to re-install the comixology app .
it really depends on which os you want to run . regardless , whenever you want to run a os meant for computers ( x86 architecture ) on a mobile device ( arm architecture ) a fair amount of time and processing power is needed to convert instructions from one format to other . i am not sure if there is a one stop solution like vmware on android like that can run both *nix and windows os 's . you can try the app windows , linux , unix emulator but i am not sure how far it will be successful .
removing and reinstalling yahoo ! weather on my wife 's phone cured this . i guess cousin yahoo ! has a bug .
it sounds like your tablet is missing the ' contacts ' or ' people ' app ( or has one customized by the manufacturer , which does not understand the same intents ) . since every oha-certified android device has it , gmail is trying to launch it without checking whether it exists , and that is what is going wrong . if you disabled the app yourself ( by clicking disable in the app 's page in settings → apps ) , then you have to re-enable it to avoid this problem . if the gmail app was pre-installed on your tablet , then this is a system integration error . you should complain to the manufacturers and ask them to release an update to fix the problem . until then , or if you installed gmail yourself on a tablet that does not support it , you should be able to fix the problem if you can find and install the original contacts or people app .
i had the same problem ; this is what worked for me : from the phone clear the app cache ( i used app2sd ) restart phone restart computer start kies connect phone to computer run restore again done .
disable usb debugging in settings> applications> development and select samsung kies in settings> wireless and network> usb settings and try connecting the device again
you cant sync addons or settings between the pc and android due to differences in the platform . the only things which can be synced are bookmarks , passwords , history and even open tabs . firefox 11 's addon sync works only between the pc versions
just hit the volume buttons in the main screen and you should be able to move to silent mode .
this is because the recent applications list only displays the applications activities . in android , an activity is the " window " of the application . google talk and gmail always run in background , as a " service " , not an activity . the application activity is killed by android when it is not used , and this is the case with those applications , even if they still run in background .
google talk and gmail each behave this way . i found this out by asking here actually . so when you drag down the notification bar , gmail and google talk will not appear in the recent apps list . however , you will see them in recent apps if you navigate to them using an application launcher . i am not certain if the same is true for google voice .
i use google voice for all sms communication but i do not use it for outgoing calls unless i am calling canada or something . i do not like the delay of " double calling " where google voice calls a local number and then calls the number you want to call from there . i can not turn sms off with my carrier and that is okay because most people get it when i respond to there text from my gv number . to me , the best feature of gv is how it also sends the message to my email account and i can write responses in email that go to their sms number .
yes ! i use google voice for texting . it is great . notifications are reliable , there have been no delays in receiving messages ( or others receiving mine ) , and of course you can access it from your computer as well . super handy , and no sms charge . as for voice calls , i also used to use it for that . the app manages everything nicely for outgoing calls -- you can set it to make every call " from " ( show up as ) your google voice number . and you can set it up to forward all calls to it to your " real " number -- so no one needs to know it except google and you can give everyone your gvoice number . plus , every call to the u.s. and canada only uses your local minutes ( or charges you a local rate if you do not have a plan ) . note : you can not receive texts from services such as facebook that actually email you via [ yournumber ] @ [ yourcarrier ] . com or something similar , you cannot text short codes such as fbook ( 32665 ) , and you can not send mms messages ( but that is what email 's for amirite ? ) .
it looks like this is either specific to the hardware of the camera or even the software the manufacture using on the device . i have a samsung galaxy s ( vibrant ) and i can pause and resume video recording . my previous device , the htc dream ( adp1/g1 ) could also pause and resume ( from what i can remember ) .
quick look around shows that the alarm function is most definitely part of the clock app .
i know that with launcherpro you can set up " actions " as shortcuts , rather than directly to apps . you might be able to create a shortcut directly to the alarm app . there are probably other apps out there that do this . i would be interested in the answer , as i have a similar gripe about all of the " sub apps " included with the clock app .
i set my alarms by tapping the current time on beautiful widgets . the " beautiful smaller home weather " widget takes up 4 slots on the home-screen but allows short-cuts to 3 actions : set alarms , calendar , and weather forecast . the widget also lets you see the current time , today 's date , and current weather with a glance at your home-screen . beautiful widgets has a 4.5 star rating from 22k+ ratings . it costs ~$2 but i am not alone in saying that it is worth the price .
on my droid x , there was an app preinstalled called " alarm and timer " . that is what i have been using for alarms . not sure if this is the same thing you are talking about though . which verison of the os are you running ? my droid x is still on 2.1 .
i upgraded to a 2.3.4 rom . i no longer have the battery drain issue , or the lag issue . the question is whether or not it was the specific rom or the 2.3.3 os , but based on multiple links , here and here , i believe it is a 2.3.3 issue fixed in 2.3.4 .
maybe try turning off notifications in the system messages app , if you can ? or changing them to the sound you want .
rom manager will auto-load the list of available roms , yes . you will still have to look in that list and see whether cm is there .
your " local and private " android calendar is your google calendar . when you have created that personal event it defaulted to your exchange calendar . in order to avoid this is the future make sure that you create events in the calendar you want to . usually it defaults to the last calendar you have created an event in .
android 4.4 kitkat has introduced immersive full screen mode . there is an app in the play store exploiting this feature : immersive full-screen mode . it does not even need root access .
there are several roms with this feature baked into them cm10.1 being one of them but if you like the rom you currently have then i would go with stefan 's answer
i found the answer here - it is a matter of adding qemu.hw.mainkeys=1  to /system/build.prop ( root required ) .
there is a way to do it but it is way more complicated than borrowing a sim card . the sim card does not even have to be activated ( have service ) . . . just have different mcc/mnc from your carrier . to do it the " hard " way you would need to : find , download , install drivers for qualcomm diag interface find , download , install qxdm find how to switch your phone into the diag mode ( diag interface does not enumerate in normal mode ) find the qxdm command to query the subsidy lock status find how to interpret the result you would get come back and post the detailed solution
there are two ways known to me how this could be achieved : using a launcher which supports this there are several launchers available on google play which let you configure the grid size of your homescreen as well as of your app drawer . one of those is apex launcher , which i use myself . another example is go launcher ex , which i run on another device . i am pretty sure a load of other launchers does this as well . edit : holy whatever . if that is not enough , take a look at lighning launcher . grid size ? what grid ? who needs a grid ? icon size , font size , orientation -- feel free to design your own homescreen ! and now , for the size of the package . sitting ? 200 kb ( still looking for the hook ) , working with android 1.6 and up . truly amazing ! ah , and what comes below : multi-whatever is already included . widgets in folders ? no problem , either . . . well , that bunch of features must need permis . . . what ? only usb-storage ? can not believe . . . i just sent it to one of my devices to take a closer look : ) using " multi-widgets " there are some sort of " widget expanders " out there , which pick 4 ( or more ) widgets and combine them into one " compressed widget " . one example for this group is multicon widget . zoom and then there is zoom , from the dev of tasker ( with which it even integrates ) . according to its description , this also should be an option : unique on any computer : design your own homescreen widgets to do whatever you like ! position , size and overlay elements in the drag-and-drop editor . two views : full-zoom for easier editing , actual-size for previewing .
no , you cannot block that , unfortunately ! you can either switch to 2g ( which saves battery ) or continue with 3g . cannot have it both ways ! the telephony signal is deep within android itself and no way of messing with that ! not alone that , android picks up that radio signal strength from the heart of the silicon on chip ( s-o-c ) where the base-band radio firmware resides in and is off-limits and proprietary .
try zip code finder .
if it is your known home address or you have just a few you use , you could get a note widget application . you can then single click the note widget and it will copy to your clipboard to paste into wherever you wish . otherwise as you said you will have to use a 3rd party app to first locate yourself . it is more the webservices fault for not binding with your phone and asking for the location , write them a strongly worded letter :- )
install clipper . from google maps , share your current location and choose clipper from the menu . or , if you have copy to clipboard or andmade share pro installed , you can just Copy to Clipboard ( clipper monitors clipboard ) . or , if you have location in mind , you can enter it in clipper manually . whenever you need to paste an address or zip code , just pull down notification to launch clipper . from clipper , tap desired item to copy it to clipboard . now , do not ask how to paste . cheers !
you could try : settings-> sound-> notification ringtone it has a silent option which might be set .
do you mean it is google authenticator ? if so , please refer it might be worked . please verify your time on smartphone is correct and do re-setup 2fa or re-generate asp again it might be worked . some user in japan has similar problem . google authenticator require having correct time between your phone and google account server . also each node such your smartphone has ntp client and use different ntp server depends on maker . ( i would like to put this as comment but i have no rights yet . )
yes , the phone should behave same as without physical keyboard until you open the physical keyboard which will cause hiding the virtual one .
while a data connection might prove helpful for a faster fix ( see : agps ) , it is not strictly necessary to have one . there a a lot of " offline gps apps " available . i personally e.g. used locus maps successfully for that in the past , but there are plenty of similar apps available . tracks can be stored on the device , of course , and do not need to be sent to a server for the tracking process itself . most apps allow to export them later in gpx or kml formats . if , however , you want to now the position from a " remote device " ( as your updated question shows , to e.g. know where your kids are at the moment ) , that cannot work via gps alone , as gps signals are only received by our devices , not sent . so this requires at least some kind of coverage : solutions are available to exchange data by different means , e.g. via internet ( requires mobile data ) or by sms ( still requires a network signal ) .
it is not entirely clear from your question what exactly you mean by " tracking " . if you only wish to record a log of where the device has been ( so you can look at it later , or retrace your own steps ) , then you do not need any internet access for that . the device just receives the gps signal , calculates its position , and saves that position to a file every so often . there are many apps that can do this : some of them are intended for sports , and offer features like finding your top speed , or comparing your time over a certain route with your friends ; others are designed for making your own maps , or geotagging photos made on a real camera . however , it sounds like you might want different devices to tell each other their positions , using something like google maps " location sharing " , so that you can find where family members are right now . obviously that would require internet access ( whether that is 3g or wi-fi ) so the devices can communicate with each other . the gps receiver is exactly that : it receives signals from satellites to determine its position , without transmitting anything . gps only tells you where you are , not where anyone else is .
hard to say what could cause this problem . maybe you are able to tell what happened before the sound started ? could be a hint to address the issue . i would recommend start with uninstalling any unecessary apps and going through every app that is/was ever generating notifications for you . check their internal settings ( if there are any ) and also check notification settings in app manager . if you are using developer mode i suppose you can also try to turn it off , just in case . if it is reacting on shake in a weird way i would also recommend to run all possible updates , alternatively reinstall apps or in the worst case : reinstall the system . can not tell more about what could cause the bug .
someone posted a logcat snippet of the occurrence in this bugreport : explanation of the above : sqlite is the used embedded database engine on android . error code 11 describes a malformed database disk file ( #define SQLITE_CORRUPT 11 /* The database disk image is malformed ) . a bad db file was detected , removed and a new empty one created all sms are gone now some further thoughts : sqlite is known to be extremely well tested ( 99.9% of all code are test cases ) therefore it is highly probable it is not sqlite which causes this very probably the file got corrupted by bad flash storage cells , memory corruption or another reason you can do some things . i would suggest the following order : see again if you do have a backup . if so restore it . you could take your phone to a forensics / data rescue expert like kroll ontrack and have it analyzed . there is also growing free support for mobile devices , eg . by sleuthkit for the future : back up your sms data , e.g. move them to gmail some final words : sqlite is very common for embedded devices , ios also relies on sqlite for many things ( including sms storage ) . there will always be a chance of losing data if you do not backup : device is lost/stolen/broken , dying flash storage cells , software bugs , other erratic situations like full storage , etc . it is the same with any device , do not rely on a single point of failure , have a backup in the cloud . this just works with mails , your address book and so on . do the same with sms .
it is a known bug in the android os . there is nothing you can do about it but bump your head . i am moving over to ios because of that . there are many other bugs in android , but this one is a deal breaker for me . here is a link to the official bug report . the issue has been known to google at least since 2009:
if you are using the stock messaging app , the settings might be the cause of the trouble . go to Messaging app -&gt; Settings -&gt; Untick Delete old messages . ( if it was ticked i am sure that was the reason for auto deleting of the sms )
nothing . you can do nothing . one option is go to data recovery service , but price will be uninteresting . also tell please if you install 3rd party software on your phone . why htc wildfire phone deleted all of my sms for 2 times ? i suppose that there can be installed glitchy or malicious programs on phone . also if you have child or children , they may have played with phone and occasionally deleted messages .
you are really asking two questions here , and both are extremely hard to answer . first of all ; why did the messages disappear ? we can not possibly know this because we know nothing about what software you are running , if you changed something ( installed/removed software etc . ) around the time the messages disappeared and so on . maybe it is a " feature " of the stock software ? the second question is ; how can the messages be restored , and that is a very hard question to answer because what you are asking about is data recovery which is not exactly easy work usually ( that is why it will cost you a lot of money to pay someone else to do it ) . you would need to make a copy of your entire storage first of all , and then go in and look at the raw data to perhaps salvage all or some parts of earlier messages . in short , if you care a lot about some messages , you should have them backed up to begin with . you can either do a backup of your phone , or copypaste the messages into a platform in the cloud ( dropbox , google docs , you name it ) . i am sorry to say you will not find a solution to this problem without either paying a lot of money to get someone to recover your data , or start reading up on data recovery yourself and learn how to copy all the data from your phone bit by bit and then looking at the raw data . i wish i could have given you a better answer , sorry about that .
this has happened to me multiple times before . each time the number of messages was around 6000 . i think there may be an upper limit on the number of messages the messaging app can handle , and beyond that it just deletes everything . i might be wrong though . i do not know of any way to recover the messages though .
i imagine you want it to flash when it is trying to notify you about an even ( a new email , for example , or that your device needs charging ) and that the problem is you are not sure what it is trying to tell you ! rather than stop it telling you about an event , which might mean you missing something important , perhaps you can explore the possible reasons it could be flashing and take the appropriate action ( mark the email as read , charge the tablet etc ) ?
perhaps the app notification light widget will help you . it gives you a widget to manually enable/disable the light . can not get a lot simpler than that ! note that tweaking the notification led is often a hit-or-miss operation with some devices . there is no promise that it'll work perfectly . give it a shot and let us know how it goes !
if you got airdroid working you can use your pc screen . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.sand.airdroid you can get the app installed through google play online . is your screen broken meaning you cant see it , or it also doesnt accept input ?
cwm stores its backups in special folders below &lt;sdcard&gt;/clockworkmod/backup . folder names reflect the times the corresponding backups where created , e.g. 2013-02-01.00.28.49 . in those directories you should find the nandroid images . if you place yours there , cwm should find them . alternatively , you can also use apps like nandroid manager * root or appextractor to restore individual apps/data from your nandroid backups . note that when you have used twrp to create those backups , this uses different locations , as you can see in the screenshots of nandroid manager .
when you are performing a full factory reset , it wipes most of your internal storage , and most likely it is also wiping the backups that you are creating . if you want to restore from a backup , make sure that you create that backup somewhere on the externalsd or move the file over to your computer before you perform a factory reset . this is why you can never find the backup after factory resetting . you are essentially deleting it right after you create it .
maybe this is too late but i will post it for future refence for those who end up here and encounter the same problem like i just did . after wiping everything and putting the backup back on the sd , i had to reboot the phone in order fo cwm to recocnize the backup . when i had put the back up into the sd from the pc while in cwm , it would not recocnize the backup and the same error msg popped up .
the new updates to google+ has features called auto enhance auto awesome . it is a feature that automatically enhances the photos you have uploaded . just make sure instant upload is on and the auto enhance settings are on in the app settings> camera and photos . here are the things that it does . https://support.google.com/plus/answer/3113884?hl=en
i am going to say no . from the article you linked , egnos is primarily designed for airborne use and has limited ground applications . egnos looks to be designed more for commercial applications ( e . g . embedded navigation systems in vehicles , airline , etc . ) , not so much consumer devices nexus one 's gps is provided from the qualcom qsd8250 " snapdragon " chip ( specs ) . the specs for that chip do not mention any waas capabilities . furthermore , there are not any qualcom chips listed on the egnos registered devices list . if i am wrong about the chip , then it should just be a matter of software to enable it . i have not seen anything like that in the android source , but that does not mean it is not hiding there or in some third party bolt-on . what the nexus does use to improve both response time and accurace is a-gps ( assisted gps ) . this basically just means it us using the presence of other location clues ( cellular towers , wifi networks , etc ) to help triangulate a better/faster position . you can see this in action with the google maps application . if you have gps enabled and wifi disabled and open the maps application , it will prompt you to turn on wifi , even if you are not connected to a network . it uses a location database of wifi hotspots to help get a fix on your position , similar to skyhook
there is actually an egnos test application available from the commission . it can be found at : http://www.gsa.europa.eu/go/news/egnos-gets-an-invite-to-your-smartphone . it is not available through the market , but it does work on the htc desire ( so likely on nexus as well )
as the op did not add the solution as an answer himself . . . op found the answer to the issue himself , strange as it might sound : noticed that the device date and time is not correct . corrected it and it worked . on a second thought , this is a very plausible reason , considering the questions hint about except for ssl sites : if the local date is too far in the past , ssl certificates are " not yet valid " -- and if it is too far in the future , they are " no longer valid " . in both cases , establishing a secured connection must fail .
do these : download flashtool ( i did from 4shared ) . turn on usb debugging turn on unknown sources install flashtool in C: drive . extract doomlord 's zergrush tool in C: . download both the kernels and first paste first one , which is 4.1 . a . 0.562 in firmware folder of flashtool . switch off phone . start flashtool , select flash icon , select flashmode . when window gets open , double click on the kernel name . when prompt window open , connect your phone pressing volume down key . make sure that your adb drivers are installed , then flashing will happen . disconnect phone when completed and restart it . after 15 second ( even sony logo will not be shown , only backlight ) , connect phone to system . wait for the adb drivers to be installed . go to where you extracted your doomlord 's tool and double click runme.bat file . wait for around five minutes until it says done . disconnect phone and remove battery . replace the kernel in flashtool firmware folder with 4.1 . b . 0.587 . open flashtool and click flash icon . doubleclick kernel file then connect phone in flashmode . disconnect phone when flashing completed . disconnect phone and restart it . your ray is rooted now . then install clockworkmod by using cwm installer.exe from the same system . enjoy romz . . .
from a google search for " mms creation mode " i found this ( among others ) which says : • mms creation mode — select restricted to have your device prevent you from including content in multimedia messages that may not be supported by the network or the receiving device . to receive warnings about including such content , select guided . to create a multimedia message with no restrictions on attachment type , select free . if you select restricted , creating multimedia presentations is not possible .
messages longer than 3 texts in length get sent as mms ( picture messages ) rather than sms ( texts ) , thereby costing more than texts , or being outside your contract ( if you have pre-paid texts ) . if you leave this setting on ' free ' , this conversion to an mms will happen with no warning . if you leave this setting on ' warning ' , you get a brief flash of a warning message on your screen when you type a message that is longer than 3 texts in length . if you have it on ' restricted ' , you should not be able to type a longer message in one go , but i have to say that my galaxy ace is set on restricted and i have still managed to inadvertently send a long message as an mms .
funnily enough , as i just noted here i believe that the app is just buggy and unreliable . there is no reason for the individual device to determine whether the application can do something like push notifications . android 's cloud to device messaging requires 2.2 or higher , and the facebook post notes that that is what they require as well , so i assume that is what they are using . c2dm works perfectly fine for other apps so the only reasonable explanation is that the facebook app does not work properly . the app was updated recently and does work better for many users , though , so make sure you have the latest version . there are no settings related to push messages in the app or in the accounts and sync settings . regular sync is every 3 hours at most , which seems infrequent to me &mdash ; my blackberry allows updates every half hour .
it could be your number being " blacklisted " on your wife 's phone . there are a lot of apps on the playstore offering this feature , and some android versions can do so on their own ( just configure the contact in your contacts list correspondingly ) . so here 's what you could do : check with your sim card placed in some other phone ( if that option exists ; at least here in europe we can move the sim card around ) . your call should be still blocked/routed to voicemail then , so you know the issue is not with your phone ( e . g . dialing some prefix/postfix ) check your wife 's phone for installed apps like advanced call blocker etc . check your wife 's phonebook ( errm , or let her check ; ) for your record there and see whether it is blacklisted . if unsure , just delete it temporarily , then call her again . at least cyanogenmod lets you manage a separate blacklist . with cm , it is found in the call settings . check whether your number made it into this place . if the problem still exists , repeat step 1 . with your wife 's phone ( again , if possible ) my guess is either 2 . , 3 . , or 4 . will reveal the cause .
sms is tied in with gsm telephony standard , so the answer to your question is no . but what you can do , is use viber , whatsapp to send something similar to sms ( not the gsm variety ! ) to each party provided they have the appropriate app installed .
administrative privileges are not the same as root . they allow for a slightly elevated level of security for controlling things like the lock screen or other tasks that most apps should not have access to . enabling administrative permission for an app will not void your warranty or anything . just be careful what you allow to have this access . the security app will need this permission to be able to lock the device and delete data ( if the app supports it ) .
there is no built-in functionality to set the password via the command-line , neither from a shell on the device nor from adb . you can not even achieve this by pasting the stored password into the secure settings file from another device . the password is not stored as plain text , but rather a cryptographic hash of the password is stored . this hash is generated using the password and a salt value : a random number generated once on the device . hashing the password prevents someone from stealing your phone and finding the password . this is important not just to protect the password itself ( in case you use the same password for other things ) , but also because the password is used to encrypt the device 's key store , and as part of the full-device encryption feature . salting the password with a device-specific salt ensures an attacker can not use a rainbow table to determine the password . ( a rainbow table is a list of every possible hashed password , which one queries to find the original password given the hashed password . the technique allows naïve password implementations such as windows 95 's to be broken in less than a second using a normal desktop computer . ) in addition , the code that updates the stored password when you change it through the gui has other side-effects . as i have mentioned , the password is used to encrypt the device 's key store , which can be used by all apps on the device to store credentials securely . changing the saved password without updating the key store would result in the stored credentials being lost . in addition , if full-device encryption is used , changing the saved password without updating the device encryption key would result in all storage becoming inaccessible . to achieve the functionality you want , the easiest way would be to patch a custom rom to export the functionality that the settings app uses to change the password , and add a command-line program that can change the password in the same way . it might even be possible to hack up an app that can do this using reflection to get access to the un-exported functions , but the app would still need root , and it would be specific to the rom ( and maybe even the version of the rom ) on the device . the relevant code is here if you are interested .
try pressing and holding the home button ( hardware button in the bottom row ) - that should pop up a screen listing recently opened apps . i believe the galaxy tab 's interface has been modified to include a task manager button . is that what you are looking for ?
i think you are talking about the program monitor widget : long press anywhere on your home screen , choose Widgets and select the Program Monitor from the list .
sounds to me like you deleted a widget . long-press on a home screen , choose widgets from the popup menu , and see if there is one matching your description .
try holding the volume-down button as you do now , and then after the volume slider reaches the bottom , tap the volume-down button once more . this goes into silent ( not vibrate ) mode on my nexus 7 running 4.3 , but i think that is because it can not vibrate . alternatively , hold down the power button as if you are going to turn the device off . the power-off menu has on-screen buttons for noisy , vibrate , and silent modes .
try factory resetting your phone ! might work ! also update to kitkat 4.4.2 latest build ! you can sideload the update or update is via software update option in settings app . might solve many of your problems ! btw kitkat is way cool ! !
in ics and jb , you should find this option in Settings \u2192 Security in a section called " device administration "
ics has the settings re-located and can be found under : Settings \u2192 Security \u2192 Unknown Sources  the screen-shot present on your question is referring to gingerbread and does not apply to ics .
i just figured it out . it is a hack , but it worked ! if you go to your phonebook and go to the ' groups ' ( past phone , favorites , contacts , etc . . ) you will see a list of groups including ' frequent ' . click on that , and then the menu on the top right ( three dots ) includes an ' edit smart group ' . you can set the number of contacts to 1 and make it count by inbound rather than outbound ( or vice versa ) . either way , it will remove most of the contacts . hopefully the one that is left is ok .
up to android 4.0 it was very simply possible to use frequently called remover , but google has changed android api . . . now there are methods to clean this list , but not every may work in your case ( maybe no method will work on your phone ) . . . 1 . enter contacts/groups/frequent , then press menu and select " remove from group , ( untested ) 2 . phone/call history/ press menu and delete call history ( untested )
as long as you reflash both the boot partition and the system partition it will take you back to a stock version of android . the kernel is packed in the boot image , so that will overwrite a custom one , but a system image alone will not . you could also choose to flash back to a stock recovery , but that has no real bearing on the android system itself and custom recoveries are much more robust , so i would personally not recommend reflashing recovery .
afaik , you can not . but , you can customise when to kill background apps ( not selective app ) by tweaking minfree values set by android ( root is required for tweaking ) . if you have problems dealing with it , there are many apps in play store for that . my fav is autokiller memory optimizer . and , when foreground app and/or kernel runs out of memory , killing background apps can not be prevented . it is because foreground apps and kernel are more important than background apps . probably , you had not be wanting to crash device to preserve your web browser in background . update : another approach is to create/increase swap memory in device . there are apps for this purpose too : swapper ( by dario ) and swapper 2 ( by elviss ) .
while weird as to why do you hear that sound , you can look for it with a free app : explorer by speed software available from google play store : download and install the app open an browser your system to : /system/media/audio/ui listen each file there to identify the one that corresponds to the sound you hear if you are able to identify it , you can then buy the root explorer by speed software available from google play store . ( 3.59€ ) . with this version you can delete files , thus deleting that audio file or replace it with an empty one to avoid issues with the system , but remove the sound anyway .
wi-fi will not work if airplane mode is on . this is because airplane mode disables all wireless communications , for use on a plane . on stock rom 's , airplane mode also disables the fm radio . solution : turn airplane mode off .
many phones will show wi-fi as connected , but will not work unless airplane mode is turned off .
you can download and flash a factory image from here : https://developers.google.com/android/nexus/images#razorktu84p it also includes instructions at the top on how to do it . this will restore it completely to stock .
only the main user ( owner ) has access to Developer Options . related question : stackexchange-url
according to the web page that you linked , your phone has the following specs : mtk6516 416 mhz cpu 512 mb rom 256 mb ram screen hvga 800 x 480 the skype faq says : what do i need to run skype on my android phone ? to run skype on your android phone , you will need a supported phone running android os version 2.1 or above with least 27mb of free memory space on your handset and 600mhz or more processing power . the supported screen resolutions are 320x240 , 240x400 , 320x480 , 800x480 and 850x480 . so it looks like the app does not support your phone 's cpu ( which oddly seems to be slower than the very earliest android phones like the g1 ) . there is more than one official skype app , it is possible that the one you are using is not compatible with your phone , but another one might be . see the links in this question to find the skype apps can i install skype on my xperia ?
i have only used cyanogenmod for a few days before reverting back to samdroidmod since cm on spica is too unstable for daily use . but i think i remembered seeing some settings that seems related to power widget on " settings > cyanogenmod settings " .
not that i have found . looks like you only get that one opportunity .
this post from xda-developers will help you if her phone is rooted .
evernote is the most versatile you will find . you can save and sync voice , text , images , and almost everything else , all for free . ( providing you use under 60mb per month , and even using it frequently as i do , i rarely exceed 10mb ) evernote also crosses platforms and will work on your android , windows ios and other devices , and allows for web access for any other device with internet .
i am using catch notes for this functionality : notes saved offline and synced , when internet connected ( and some notes i am editing from my pc via web browser , their synced later ) .
use evernote . it features cloud sync and it lets you access your notes from almost all platform . you can create audio notes directly from homescreen using its widget , too .
you can configure note everything to do regular backups of all your notes ( they will be stored on sd card then ) . if you additionally want to have those data sync'd with " the cloud " , you might want to take a look at specific synchronization apps , like e.g. foldersync . this way you can keep the app you are already used to ( and which is wonderful , by the way -- i use it myself ) , and still have your data secured on a ) sd card and b ) some other machine ( be it " the cloud " , or your local computer at home ) .
installing cwm recovery cwm recovery for the thinkpad tablet can be found on xda . you need root on your tablet to install cwm recovery . download the recovery image ( recovery.img ) and follow the instructions provided by the post . it basically comes down to pushing the image file on the sdcard and overwriting the boot partition . push the recovery image to the sdcard adb push recovery.img /mnt/sdcard/  get root adb shell su  remount /system and backup install-recovery.sh ( optional ) mount -o rw,remount /system mv /system/etc/install-recovery.sh /system/etc/install-recovery.sh.backup  overwrite the boot partition dd if=/mnt/sdcard/recovery.img of=/dev/block/mmcblk0p1  entering/booting cwm recovery on the thinkpad tablet shut down your thinkpad tablet press the power button until the tablet vibrates keep pressing and releasing the volume up button until you see Booting Recovery Kernel Image in the upper left corner . it is all about timing of when the volume up button is pressed . that is why it is a good idea to just keep on pressing and releasing the button until the message appears .
if i understand correctly , you want all devices under one account . all tablets and devices must be under one google account . so whatever e-mail you use personally on your mobile , use that same e-mail/google account for your kids ' device . example : if your e-mail , let 's say , for example is dad123@gmail.com, all devices must be connected to that google e-mail account . so use the e-mail you use google with , for your kids too .
there is a dedicated android app available now for delicious from avos .
install deliciousdroid , it will add an entry in the share menu of your browser where you can bookmark the current page and define tags for it and so on . edit : i tried some different tools ( do not remember wich , sorry ) some time ago and this one was the best in my opinion . also i defined a tag called mobile-home and pointed my browser 's homepage to the list of so-tagged bookmarks .
you can also try droidicious . it works fine for me .
so , to avoid a hanging question : using the new rom for almost two months . tried the original stock baseband i5500bvjjp7 but it felt overall worse , so i went back to i5500luyjpe . now any issue is rare . . . it is weeks since i last noticed a random restart , my phone reports over 160h uptime ( not 100% reliable , i have seen it not restart after a crash ) , and wifi is most of the time fast to get in ip . in the end , as things improved with a new rom , i suppose the issues are due to small quirks of the rom itself . should improve over time .
you do not use adb to connect to a device when it is in the bootloader menu : you need to use the fastboot command instead . that is why it is called " fastboot mode " ! not all phones support fastboot: in particular , older htc phones use a proprietary protocol called hboot instead , but i think the newer ones support fastboot .
i figured that out after an hour of searching with different keywords . i would been out of the rooting game for a while , got confused between the two . fastboot in bootloader mode did work . adb does not work in bootloader . thanks for the answer dan , much appreciated .
make sure there are not any nandroid backups still on your device . those might take some space . you can also try moving apps to another storage location if that is available .
the only answer is a factory reset and even that does not work as it is supposed to . shows formatting but nothing is removed when you boot up again . i imagine the problem comes from google servers restoring everything . i do not know how to get around that .
first to the recovery : samsung phones that use odin have their recovery image as part of the kernel . you should flash the cyanogenmod zip file , and that should flash the cwm recovery . alternatively , you could flash the siyah kernel , which comes with a modified cwm touch recovery image . now to the ext partition : make sure that the ext partition is primary , and also ensure that your rom has ext support - you should ask on your rom 's forum post/website to check if it does . if it does , then it could be an issue with the mount script , if it does not well we know what the issue is now ; )
finally found the solution . you have to fix the card first ( which also means you can get back any data on the card ) . on a windows box i ran chkdsk . start -> cmd -> chkdsk e : /f then set the partition up as fat32 , a 32gb partition . i did this on an ubuntu box , for no other reason than that is my normal os . after popping the card back in the phone it was picked up and is being reported as 59.43gb i tried a few things before i found the solution : http://exceptionallyexceptionalexceptions.blogspot.co.uk/2012/12/s3-mod.html
not sure if this really qualifies as an answer , but since i do not have enough points to comment and i do want to contribute what i have discovered about this problem , it'll have to do . . . i have had a very similar sounding problem for the last 2 weeks or so with no obvious trigger in terms of app or firmware updates . my location history has gone crazy with some days getting reported travel distances of 10 - 20 thousand miles in spite of me just going to work and back ( 60 miles each way ) . what is happening is that while i am at work , or travelling ( or anywhere away from home ) , location points are being recorded for where i actually am , then for a point very close to my home location , then back where i am again , then back at home , etc . the system seems to be seeing me travelling home and back roughly once per minute , and all those journeys quickly add up ! so far i have tried switching off wifi/cell location services , but that gives you basically no location history and google now is largely disabled , so that is no help . turning wifi/cell location services back on and then turning wifi off when away from home does help - it gets rid of the ' home and back ' in one minute journeys , but the location history is less accurate when away from home . i am using an app called ' llama ' to do this automatically at the moment . my conclusion from this is that for some reason wifi location reporting is giving a bogus result of ' near home ' constantly throughout the day . the only sensible reason i can think of for this would be if i was carrying around another device acting as a wifi access point and that google location services had learned to location of that wifi point as being at my home . however , i am not actually carrying around such a device . next steps i am considering trying : wipe the data associated with the maps app on the device wipe the data associated with the wifi app on the device do a factory reset on the device and restore as suggested by gathrawn below , the most likely cause of this problem is having a second android device set to report location in addition to your primary device . you take your phone with you , but your tablet sits at home . both report their location once per minute , or thereabouts , and your location history goes crazy . the solution in my case was simply to turn off location reporting in the google maps settings on the secondary device . i also have a nexus 4 , on t-mobile uk
i had the same issue . i have a second device at home which was intermittently causing my location to jump back to home multiple times a day . disabling reporting on the device seems to have fixed the issue .
due to a disclosure agreement , corning ( who make about 90% of screens ) will not answer any questions on what devices use their technology . however , samsung have said : " gt-n7100 does not have gorilla glass 2 . thank you for your interest . " that does not say who makes it or what type of material it is i am afraid . however , from friends and others i would say get a screen protector , it is more scratch prone than say the s4 ( g glass 3 ) but not more than the average device . just remember the screen is big and that gives it more leverage if it is in a tight pocket / bag and is likely to have more force on it in these situations . i will keep looking and update if i find out !
unfortunately i could not find my google maps editor either . i can not read google 's future and could not find any indication of such a feature but google 's my tracks does allow you to upload a map to your maps but i am pretty sure you will actually have to run/walk/bike/move-in-some-way over the course you want to map . i also did a google search for " my maps editor apk " and looks like you can still find the apk somewhere ( i will leave that to the you ) but i can not say if it will work or not and you should always be careful downloading apps from unofficial sources .
to my best knowledge , i have not seen such option in htc one that you can use . now , if you are asking if technically that would be possible , i really doubt it to achieve 180 fps . though some serious ( ? ) hacks can increase the fps , but i believe there is a physical ccd sensor limitation in place . otherwise , dslr camera owners would have been able to turn their full hd cameras into low-res high speed camcorders .
a lot of devices are limited by the camera sensor used , even if the device is powerful enough , you may not be able to record at 180fps because the camera module cannot process data fast enough . the htc one ( m7 ) camera is limited to 96fps at best . the best on a mobile camera is at 120fps right now .
you can go to the play store and click My Apps and then All
i thought the regular web interface was too heavy , so i created googlevoicecallingpagelite ( gvcpl ) : " a lightweight html page for making and receiving google voice calls " . you can find it at https://sourceforge.net/projects/googlevoicecallingpagelite/ . i created it to use on my computer , not a phone/tablet , but if you want you can use it on your phone/tablet too , just by going to http://www.elvey.com/gvcpl.html . it is the exact same code as on sourceforge , where you can see a screenshot too . as noted there : to use : log in , then open this page . it only works if you are already logged in , otherwise , it does not work - and does not ( yet ) give a useful error message .
there is an app i used to use specifically for this . it is called voice+ . you dial a number , it asks you which of your google voice connected numbers to call . however , this app catches the intent from when you dial a phone number . the nexus 7 does not have the phone app installed . you could try installing another dialer app like go contacts ex and see if dialing a number from their interface brings up voice+ .
you do not need root to access log files . one option is to use the adb tool from the android sdk . but it is a huge download . another option is to use a tool like logshark . ( disclaimer : i created it )
for some reason , mtp and adb are incompatible . try turning usb debugging off , i have never been able to get it to connect right with it on .
just tested and servestream can open . pls files to play online radio ( looks like deadbeef player and stream furious can as well . . when you click on the . pls link it should be an option to open with after it is installed . opening a web-linked . pls : then servestream opens the . pls file :
since .pls is just a playlist file with the location to the real audio files you could try to convert it to other playlist files and see if you can open them . examples are .asx and .m3u . if you open the .pls file with a text editor , you should be able to see the location to the sound url ( s ) . if it is a single url , you could try to copy/paste that one into a streaming client .
its worth upgrading to cyanogenmod 10+ with it you can expand notifications to ' preview ' the contents of the text or missed call , straight from the notification drawer . to do this , you simply pinch the notification and it will expand down . try searching youtube for a video demonstration of this , it is a cool feature that will appear to solve your problem .
switch to cm10 if you can - you can then adjust notifications on a per-app basis . note though , that for your problem , the only way to prevent " xxx app has been updated " notifications might be to disable the play store from showing notifications , which imho is not a good idea .
i just had this problem less than an hour ago on my acer iconia a500 . i have had it happen with multiple sd cards on different devices . this is how i overcome this problem everytime . the only way that this wont work is if the card is fried to the problem of your " damaged sd card " , what is most likely going is corruption of the file system . something on the phone made an invalid entry . plug your sd card in the reader run mini tool partition wizard ( mtpw ) select partition wizard , other is data recovery pick the sd card in the list right click for drop down menu scroll down and click on check file system let it finish , then exit mtpw unplug and re-plug sd card into reader when " do you want to scan and fix " pops up , check both when finished , unplug from reader mount in your phone and enjoy . i know it is a late answer , but knowledge is power .
press the menu key on the remote , and then select " edit home screen icons " or something to that extent ( wording could be different , i am going by my sony google tv unit . ) now highlight ( using the arrow keys ) and click on the empty box on the home bar vacated by the app you have just removed , and a pop-up should appear with all installed apps and bookmarks listed . selecting any of them will place it on the home bar .
this answer is to the same effect : stackexchange-url your pictures , downloads , and any other files you may want to transfer can be uploaded to your computer temporarily and then from your computer to your new phone . alternatively , you could do this last bit a number of ways : bluetooth : bluetooth file transfer ftp : ftp server , ftp client samba : samba server , samba client you get the idea : file transfer apps also , airdroid as mentioned in this answer : stackexchange-url
there are 2 options : root your phone . install the samba filesharing app , or any other samba server for android . install samba on ubuntu , or any other samba client ( there are some on android too ) . this should do : sudo apt-get install samba , or any other equivalent command on another os . you do not need this step on a windows machine . optional : install an app on your pc to make it easier to configure samba on your pc . apt-cache search samba should give you some good results ( or anything equivalent ) . the point is that this android application will let your device show in the " my network places " of win xp , and the " network " of win vista/7 and ubuntu . from there you can browse to smb://ANDROID/ ( or \\ANDROID for win ) in your file manager . make sure you set the workgroup correctly on the android app . and if you face some problems with accessing your phone , try using the ip address instead of the name ( ANDROID by default ) . otherwise , if you are not rooted for example , you could install a file manager app with support for samba shares ( like es file explorer or file expert for example ) , or any other samba client ( like andsmb ) . this way you could access shares on other computers on the network ( but not share your own sd card , you need a samba server on your device for this to work ) .
to notify an android phone that an application have a new version ( without programming all the process ) you have 2 options : 1 . - use the market feature , but for your comments i think this one is out of your list . 2 . - use the notification system available on android 2.2 and 2.3 . to use this push notification service the device needs to be logged on a google account in order to receive the notification , so maybe this isn’t suitable for your process . if no one of this options is what you’re looking for , you will be forced to develop your own push notification system and install that system in every android phone you need update .
you would have to create your own process of having the application notifying the user of updates ( and providing a link to the new apk . you could do this with a background service that pops up a message in the notification bar ) . the user has to install the application from the market to receive updates via the android market .
this sounds like it might be better asked on stackoverflow . the autoupdate is a feature of the market . if users have not installed the app with the market you will have to implement your own update feature . in android 2.2 you could potentially take advantage of the push notification system for updates .
yes with an app called redphone : http://www.appbrain.com/app/redphone-beta/org.thoughtcrime.redphone
options are limited unfortunately . if you want to make calls using your existing phone service with your existing number , then your best option is red phone from whisper systems . of course , your calling partner will need to have the app to for the call to be encrypted . if you do not mind using another service , take a look at ostel , a secure voip provider .
curently there is no such official support and the sdk does not allow third party apps to encrypt calls , but if you use a sip client , the call can be encrypted depending on the sip client`s features .
Settings | About phone | System updates it should let you know that there is an update available . if you still have the update . zip file on your sd card , these instructions should do it : http://geekword.net/manually-install-froyo-htc-desire step 1: download the android 2.2 firmware for the desire from here . step 2: rename the file update . zip and copy it to your microsd card via usb . [ note : make sure the file is named update . zip and not update . zip . zip . ] step 3: power down your desire . step 4: hold down the “volume down” button as you power the phone back on . step 5: a screen should appear showing your phone’s system searching for various files . scroll down to “recovery” and press the “power” button . step 6: when you see the triangle with an exclamation point symbol , press the “power” and “volume up” buttons at the same time . step 7: from the menu that appears , select “apply sdcard:update . zip . ” step 8: when the screen displays “install from sdcard complete” select “reboot system now” and wait for the phone to power back up .
in my phone ( moto g running 4.4.4 ) this symbol appears when the phone is set to use " high accuracy mode " ( i.e. . use the gps rather than wi-fi/phone network for location ) and some app requests the location .
you may drag n drop the icons . a maximum of six is allowed
though @matthew answer is correct that a phone will default to wi-fi when it is available , that does not always ease the mind . something you can do to allay your concern is switch the phone into airplane mode . this will disable the cell signal and hence all data travelling through your carrier . however , it does not disable wi-fi . here 's a link on how to do it on the droid bionic : from the main screen , press your power button ( located on top ) select airplane mode to disable mobile network signal of course , you will not be able to receive any calls , and this might not be what you want , but it will certainly allay your concerns of using data .
go to settings > wireless and networks > mobile networks and uncheck the box that says " data enabled " to disable 3g , 4g etc .
yes . all you have to do is : 1 ) enable airplane mode 2 ) now enable wifi good luck !
your phone will default to wifi when it is available . if you are paranoid you can disable data while using wifi but it is not necessary . i am not sure how to do it on the bionic but you could see if it is in the menu that pops up when you hold the power button for a couple seconds or something like unchecking use packet data in Settings -&gt; Wireless and network -&gt; Mobile networks .
you could also use a mobile data monitor/manager like onavo count | monitor data . you can block certain applications from using mobile . alternatively , avast ! mobile security has a firewall module that allows for application specific data control .
well , in order to unroot your device you need to flash the stock rom again over to your device . for getting the stock rom for your device try heading over to the sammobile/firmware section and get the appropriate stock rom available for your samsung gt-s6312 , once you get the stock rom use the odin which can be easily searched over the google , download and use it to flash the stock rom over your device . once the flashing process completes your device will get unrooted .
but other more limited apps ( an overly powerful calculator ? ) could fulfill the purpose well enough . how about a ti-83 , ti-85 , or a ti-86 calculator ? if you know how to use any of these calculators , then you should be able to do what you want on you android device via these calculator emulators . on a ti-83 ( what i am familiar with ) , you can go to stat --> edit : and enter your x points on l1 and y points on l2 . you can then use options under calc to determine the function that the points follow . if you want to show the plots on the graph , you have to press 2nd + y= ( to get stat plot ) and enable plot1 for l1 and l2 . then go to graph and it should show your points .
try openbts . you will need a faraday cage and a couple thousand dollars in hardware , but you can control all interactions between the phone and your base station . you will need a license to run a base station outside of a faraday cage . harald welte 's blog is a good one to follow if you are interested in gsm as a low-level protocol . the " sms of death " presentation at chaos computer club one year used this sort of setup to test sms buffer overflows .
yes this is clearly a carrier issue . if you are using the stock sms application , i have never come across this apart from carrier forwarding .
this does sound like a network ( carrier ) issue , however , do you have any applications that intercept text messages ? if so , uninstall it , and see if that helps . edit : i just got this issue on an ics rom . what i think it could be - your network holds the text , and tries to send it if your phone is turned off , or has no signal . it then tries to send them . after it has sent , the network does not actually realise it , and sends it again .
sounds like a carrier issue , as said . however , this could be due to an issue with your connection ? you could possibly do a factory default reset , and see if that alleviates the problem . could be a faulty installation causing the connection to send twice or something ? not too sure how that works , but it might be worth a shot . if not , then possibly contact your carrier , regarding the issue , and they may have an appropriate answer for your query .
the new art runtime is still experimental . it will make your phone less stable , and some apps just will not work at all . that is why the option to switch from dalvik to art is in the developer options : it is only there to let developers and system integrators test their stuff and help google fix problems . for this reason , it is a little pointless to measure the performance of art right now , since bugs in it might cause artificially low or high performance , even in situations where the bug does not occur or is not apparent . fixing a bug might reduce performance ( increasing battery or memory use , or decreasing speed ) because extra checks or a slower algorithm are needed to avoid the bug ; or , it might increase performance by making some computation unnecessary . also , further work on improving the performance of art will certainly be done before it is turned on for everybody . combining the effects of fixing all bugs , and all the performance improvements that are made , it is very hard to predict how the finished product will perform . the performance could completely change before art is ready for mainstream use .
currently , very few apps properly support art . so , the performance difference is not really noticeable . as for battery consumption , there should be little to no difference if your cpu settings are left at default . art is a great innovation , and i can not wait to see some great performance numbers in the near future , but we are not there yet . if you are running cm11 nightly builds , you might see some poor battery life . if you do , try another kernel , such as devil .
i do not know if you were able to unlock you phone , but what i would like to suggest is once you are able to unlock your phone then get a great app vipsha2 - remote phone screen lock from google play . this app has helped me a lot and its free . we just need to send an sms from other phone and we can lock or unlock our phone . edit by izzy : as the following screenshot shows , you set up an " attention word " , which then has to be send by sms to trigger the lock/unlock . not sure where the password comes into play , as i do not use this app .
install screen lock bypass ( free ) from web interface of play store . it'll not reset/remove your pin , but unlock your device on each reboot . if you want to permanently reset/remove pin , you will have to purchase its pro version . in the last , you can always factory reset your device if these apps are not working for you . factory reset wipes out all custom configurations including pin/security lock .
without root it is up to the developer of the particular application , and chances are there are not enough note 3s out there to justify it . there is an s-pen sdk from samsung there are lists ( but these will often be out of date in no time ) like this best s-pen apps out there . with root access there is a way to open any app in pen window mode first , make sure you are rooted with busybox installed . second , make a backup . third , just download penwindowmanager_v1 . apk and install as normal . finally , just tick the apps you want and do not forget to press the save button . a soft reboot maybe required for the changes to take effect .
here 's here 's [ tnx @gathrawn ] a free app that claims to be able to do that .
do you have google goggles installed ? it is required still for that feature to work in google now .
good question . while it is technically feasible ( mount /system rw , unpack the zip , install the apks ) , i do not think that it is currently possible . the gapps are usually installed with help of the recovery . for more information see " how can i install the google apps package ( play store , … ) on my android device ? "
look in /system/media/audio/ringtones . the notifications folder one level up contains the notification tones .
well i have got a workaround but not a permanent fix for this problem . i did a clean re-install and then do not restore any backed up data through go backup/titanium backup app . then i do not get that suspicious shutdown every time in a day , but after 2-3 days yes you will . : (
if you do not want use 3rd party apps : this requires decent computer skills and a rooted phone , but here are the steps for android 2.3 gingerbread . copy /system/home . apk from your phone to pc . decompile home . apk using apktool . goto [ decompiled folder ] /res/values/integer . xml change &lt;integer name="number_of_desktop_panes"&gt;5&lt;/integer&gt; , to 7 or whatever you want . save it , and compile the apk using apktool . copy it back to phone i.e. to /system , change its permissions to -rw-r-r .
home screen has seven panels that you can customize . you can not change the number of home screen panels . the quoted part simply means that there are seven panels that can be customized to your liking e . g : add shortcuts , widgets . if you want to decrease that simply switch to a 3rd party launcher like go launcher ex .
when you are on home screen , press the menu button , then edit submenu and you will have all the panels displayed . a long press on one of it will select a panel , then you will be able to move it into the trash . you will be able to reduce the number of panels but no way to have more than 7 panels on a sgs2 .
only if your email was sync'ed before you deleted the account from your phone . check from a pc in the email account you used has the message in " sent " folder ( or inbox if you sent to yourself ) .
most likely , the device is still hanging out to the old network configuration and needs to be adjusted or cleared . there are a couple of methods that can be used to accomplish this . lets start from the simplest : reset the device wi-fi connection . simple wi-fi connection reset , by turning off wireless and then turning it back on : tap the menu button on your device ; tap " settings" ; tap " wireless and network" ; tap " wi-fi settings" ; in the new screen , uncheck wi-fi to turn it off ; after wi-fi is turned off , tap the entry again to turn it back on . test your connection to confirm if this worked . if not , continue to the next options . forget about the network you can have your device forget the network and then re-add it , but for this to be possible , it needs to get out of range of the network , then : from the previous location , long press the network you want to forget ; tap over " forget network" ; get back within range , wait for the network to show up ; enter the network password to join . at this point your device should have a new address and be working . advanced wi-fi settings at this point is clear that you need to confirm all settings for your wi-fi connection : tap the menu button on your device ; tap " settings" ; tap " wireless and network" ; tap " wi-fi settings" ; tap the menu button again ; tap " advanced" ; from here you can confirm all the settings one by one and make sure they match your network requirements : use static ip address , network gateway , netmask , dns1 and dns2 .
turns out it was a problem with the dns servers my dhcp was serving up . the first two were local dns servers . i do not know why they were not working for android ( they worked fine for the laptop computers ) , but as soon as i replaced the second local dns server with a remote dns server , things started working . it also appears that android only pays attention to the first two servers given by dhcp since i had other servers listed after my local server . it seems kind of fishy that only the android phones had problems with the local dns server . i would not mind finding out what the underlying problem is , but changing the dns servers is an acceptable workaround .
android shuts down your os before it actually becomes completely flat , in order to ensure it has enough power to do so safely and completely ( which is why you can power it back up again , but then it shuts itself off again ) . over time , your battery does need to be recalibrated as the system stats on battery usage get wonky and the battery itself will not store as much of a charge as it could . for most phones , the proper procedure is : let the phone run until it shuts itself off . without turning the phone on , plug it in and let it fully charge up . unplug , turn the phone on and let it run flat again . battery and battery stats are now recalibrated . deleting batterystats . bin is not generally necessary . you should find your battery lasting much longer now ( i know this works well on my samsung sk4g - i go from not being able to last the day to being able to last a full day and night ) if memory serves , one is supposed to recalibrate one 's battery like this every 30-90 days .
recalibrating your battery will not actually make it last longer . what it might do is ensure that the battery level display is more accurate , so that when it says it is at zero , it is actually at zero . personally , i used an app like battery calibration ( requires root ) and it seems to help . to be fair though , i have not actually tested the actual levels myself , so it is a qualitative judgement . if you are having battery life issues it is more likely that you apps running ( background or otherwise ) that are draining your battery . either go to settings > battery and check out which apps are draining your battery the most - typically it will be your screen , then cell/wifi radios . sadly , the only true " reset " is to go out and buy yourself a new battery . sorry !
go to settings > Apps > click on the app that is being used as your default messaging medium ( google voice in your case ) > press Clear defaults .
the solution lies in your first sentence . you are using an htc headphone . music controls are not standardized so every manufacturer implements them differently . as if this would not be enough , different models have different implementations too . the only headphone that is guaranteed to work is the one that came with your device . apple on the other hand has a certification program to make sure that 3rd party accessories will work with idevices .
your hypothesis is correct . it is like transferring files over ftp : the receiving computer needs to run a server that understands the right protocol . to receive files you probably want a server that understands the object exchange protocol ( obex ) or object push protocol ( opp ) . our sister site ask ubuntu has an answer about receiving files , which may help you out . if you need any further help setting up your ubuntu laptop , they will be able to help if you ask a question there .
after switching to android 2.2 , it works better . when the icon appears , just click to continue , and after a few times it is done .
this happened to my wife 's phone too , but i do not remember exactly how she fixed it . i think what she did was disable contact sync , then go to gmail on the web and delete all the contacts from there , then re-enable contact sync on her phone .
your phone is linked to your gmail account ? if you log into your account in a web browser and click on " contacts " in the lower left , does it still show your deleted contacts there ? if you can fix up the list there , it should ( ? ) sync to your phone .
my phone is rooted . first i made sure all of my data was correct at www.google.com/contacts . then exported the data ( . csv file ) from google’s web site to my home computer for safe storage . i used the app titanium backup to “wipe data” for the apps contacts 4.0.3 and contacts storage 4.0.3 . next , waited ( approx 1 min ) for my phone to re-sync with google and all of the contacts were restored . finally , i went back into titanium backup and preformed a full back up for apps contacts 4.0.3 and contacts storage 4.0.3 .
you can flash back to factory to save your phone . download latest image of your galaxy nexus link . for example , if you download android 4.3 takju , unpack you will see flash-all.bat or flash-all.sh . if you are using windows , run flash-all.bat with your phone connected the pc and drivers installed . and under linux , run flash-all.sh
after enable tethering follow the below steps : -> on the android phone , press home , press menu , and touch settings to open the settings application . -> touch wireless and networks > tethering and portable hotspot . check usb tethering .
i have replaced the battery and updated to 4.1 and all is working fine .
my desire hd too . i just presumed that if the battery was too low and it tried to use flash , then it used too much power from the battery and turned off .
there are only two ways to get it back : flash a ( new ) rom . this could be the same you are currently using , or any other one fitting for your device . to find a matching one , please see where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ? find the exact rom you are currently using , and extract the corresponding files from it . then copy the extracted files to your device . for the future , keep in mind to always make a good backup before tampering with system files . a nandroid backup is a very good idea , as with that you are always able to get back to the state before you started with any changes . see also the comments on your question for other details .
the pc architecture is built around commodity parts because it started out as clones of a specific product , the ibm pc , that were specifically designed to be compatible with it , and therefore with each other . generally speaking , you could take a program or peripheral device from one pc-compatible and put it into another , and expect it to work . that ability is useful enough that people have continued to demand it even as the technology evolved . you can put a pci express card in any modern pc just like you could put an isa card in any pc clone back then . smartphones have no such history . they are designed as monolithic products , a complete system consisting of hardware and software that " just works " as-is . there is no expectation that people will take parts out of one phone and put them into another , so engineers do not have to take interoperability into account when they design their products . even within the linux kernel source tree , there is a lot of fragmentation in the drivers for arm platforms . since phones are usually designed behind closed doors , engineering teams at different companies often end up doing duplicate work , designing basically the same hardware as their competitors and then writing their own drivers for their own design . once they are done and the product is released , they go straight to working on the next one ; it is not worth their time to go back and refactor the drivers for past products or merge them with competitors ' drivers . the result is a plethora of one-off drivers for devices that are similar but not quite the same . in addition , smartphones are usually based on socs that have specialized hardware integrated together with the processor . for some of this , it can be more than a matter of whether to load or not load a certain driver ; the kernel as a whole may need to be built with special configuration options for running on one soc , which are incompatible with the special options needed to run on another soc .
phones and other embedded do not have a bios to provide abstraction between the hardware and os as a result the os is compiled for the hardware it is deployed to . even devices using the same chip set can can be configured in different ways ( using alternate comms buses etc . ) \the result is that the kernel has to be compiled accordingly . as there is no expectation of changes in hardware there is no hardware detection performed . kernel boots faster and is smaller as a result - this is a standard principle of an embedded os
the reason is because android 's linux kernel are generally not compiled on android itself , instead it had to be cross compiled from another computer . this causes various issues , because the device configuration are not available on compile time , and it is not feasible to compile a generic kernel with all drivers due to space limitation ( whereas most desktop distros simply had all drivers compiled into modules loaded from an initramfs ) . therefore developers had to figure out which drivers to package for each particular device . not only that , each drivers generally have a dozen or so of compile time options to toggle various driver features , and manufacturers usually do not release their official configuration ( the worst offenders do not even open source their drivers , or did not keep upstream 's copy of the drivers up to date ) . because manufacturer 's do not release their configurations , often the slightly different configuration that the developer uses will expose subtle bugs that does not exist with manufacturer 's configuration . driver programming is much more difficult than application programming , as there is no kernel that shield you from the fickle hardware that have a specific real-time timing requirements and the such , and this means even having a different performance characteristic may cause the driver to miss some hard real time events from the hardware ; these misses may surface as either bugs or performance issues . another issue is binary incompatibility . there are two cause of binary incompatibility , first is cpu type , which has been covered by t0mm13b well , but the other issue which is more relevant to porting is the abi incompatibility ( application binary interface ) . if manufacturers do not open source their drivers , then developers had to use the compiled module from a stock rom . this raises various abi incompatibility issues , since the driver modules itself have specific expectations about , for example , struct layout and function calling parameters , and when the kernel is compiled , it does not have the header file to describe the abi at the time the driver is compiled , so developers had to reverse engineer the driver to create a header file or the header files in the source tree might have been modified heavily since the driver is compiled and developers had to revert those modifications to make the kernel compatible again with the driver 's abi . unlike compiling from source , compiling for binary driver will not trigger compilation error due to function parameter mismatch or struct incompatibility , it will simply just crash your device while it is running , and debugging these issues are very difficult . in the pc world , we are familiar with the mess that nvidia and ati left us , due to their insistence on releasing binary only drivers , imagine having that mess for all drivers , imagine the " fun " it creates . pc hardware are also generally better standardized than mobile hardware , most pcs do not need drivers for vibrators , accelerometer , gyroscope , 3g radio , proximity sensor , nfc , etc . even on devices that have 3g , it usually connects to the hardware using standardized connections like pcmcia or pci-e .
kernels vary from manufacturer to manufacturer . a lot of those kernels come from the pure stock kernel line of sources found on caf , what these manufacturers do is take those stock sources , modify them to suit based on the board/chipset used , also , implement their own drivers . take a good look around you , there is variations of touchscreens , variations of wifi chipsets , not to mention , accelerometer , sensors , batteries , compass , sound , graphics . taking one kernel source from for example htc will not work on a samsung , and vice versa . the manufacturers are free to cherry-pick or out-source various bits that get incorporated into the circuit board . there is no hard or fast rules involved . hence the lot of hacking/modifications to get the kernel to work properly . you must not ever , compare to desktop linux distribution kernels in which it has pci , pci-express , sata , vga , svga , usb , ethernet as they are a totally different ball-park game . the major differences with centos and with android 's linux kernel is this - all drivers are compiled either as modules or built-in , hence any linux distribution will simply " work out of the box " . again , with desktop linux distributions - you have one architecture - x86 hence one linux kernel from say a dell pc , can work out of the box on a lenovo provided that the bog-standard drivers are compiled . do not forget , in the android world , there is variations of the kernel built for specific arm chipsets , such as armv6 , armv7 , there is tegra , there is exynos , and they are binary incompatible with one another . hence if a kernel is compiled for tegra , forget it , it will not work on armv7 ! the reason some kernels on android appear to be " broken " is down to the manufacturer . some ( zte is one very good example ) release a butchered source that may compile from source but fails to boot due to a missing driver that is not covered by the gplv2 or gplv3 licence . that is the problem , hence some hackers have to go scouring around github looking for some clues ; some manufacturers , if not all , do comply . the current incarnation of zte 's source is purportedly to be 2.6.35.7 , but in reality its actually 2.6.32.9 source base with a lot of modifications thus does not represent the true kernel source for 2.6.35.7 ! this is where the manufacturers have to release their respective sources , not just out of being compliant with gplv2 or later , but rather , for the community to be able to mod it , such as adding overclocking capabilities . hence there is hacking involved behind the scenes and a lot of messing about with drivers trying to get it to work , and its not easy to debug either . . some drivers may be cross-licensed , but cannot be distributed depending on the clause and conditions as negotiated . thankfully , that is all changed now with kernel 3 . x.x. line of sources , as android drivers are now integrated into the mainstream sources . but there is a gotcha ! try porting a 3 . x.x. kernel to an existing handset that is about 12-18 months old ; not a snowball 's chance in hell would it work , that is because , of the differing factors , the 3 . x . x sources is vastly different to the 2.6 . x source and would take a lot of hacking to get it working - i should know , have tried porting 2.6.38.6 source for the zte blade and failed . likewise , the latest kernel release 3.0.1 - when working on the ics4blade project over on modaco , have made numerous attempts to port it but that is down to the simple fact that zte made a very bad mess of the source which rendered porting nigh on impossible .
well . . . . drivers and the kernel are not exactly the same . drivers are what control the cell antenna , wifi , bluetooth , etc . these are proprietary drivers because the manufacturer has to create a way ( the drivers ) to talk to their hardware . the kernel is an intermediary level between the os/application and the actual drivers ( or cpu or memory or any other hardware ) . it is what allows your os/apps to interface with these hardware components . all of the millions of kernels you see are really not that much different from each other . typically a programmer/modder will take the existing kernel and " tweak " it to try and get a difference performance out of it . you can essentially say that they are only adjusting ( for the most part ) the " configuration " of the kernel . in the android world , these modders are primarily looking at : over or underclocking the cpu clock ( important for either saving battery life or trying to run most process intensive applications such as video game emulators or video playback ) , or they are looking at under-volting ( to save battery life by running your cpu outside of its original set parameters . . . which varies in effect person to person because no two cpus are made 100% exactly the same ) .
the supersu bundled with cyanogenmod 7 was somehow inaccessible to user root access requests , like with sshdroid , terminal emulator and midnight commander , as i have mentioned . forums confirm superuser permissions being denied to everything , and inability to get to its configuration . this was a later cyanogenmod design decision . what finally worked for me was copying the latest cwm-supersu-v1.93 . zip over to my sd card , rebooting into the " recover " mode cyanogenmod provides , and flashing from that zip . http://www.adbtoolkit.com/rooting/su/zip/#.uxmwtnxdveq now , i can finally do things like clean out large files from /data/dalvik-cache/* . dex when internal space is badly needed temporarily , or other unixy things .
all memory caches are safe to be cleared , as they need to be designed as such since android will clear them when memory get 's tight . caches stored to disc will include things saved . however , most applications either save to file or utilise an sqlite database . these can be backed up with a file manager e.g. es explorer and an sqlite manager e.g. the one with the white db logo on a red background . clearing the cache will not corrupt the program itself . you will only lose saved data , such as the examples you mentioned ; saved levels , hall of fame entries , badges , etc . ps . @psycogeek : psycho is spelled with an h ; - )
any cache can be cleared . clearing the cache will not remove app settings . read more from this closed question in stackoverflow ( should be migrated here ) : what is the difference between clear cache and clear data in android settings
it can be done by selecting the desired repetition from the combo box . here some screenshots : jorte changelog does not have entry that describe the recurring events addition so i suppose this feature coule be there since first releases .
in the event creation dialog box i have a " repetition " drop-down box with all of those options . this is using jorte 1.2.31
this may be expected , depending on what phone you are using . the original standard of sd card readers had a 2gb limit on them . these readers could read cards that had more space , but only had enough memory registers to read the first 2gb of them . sometimes a firmware update can increase this from 2gb to 4gb , but it is extremely rare . from the wikipedia article on the sd standard : capacity sdsc ( sd ) : 1 mb to 2 gb , some 4 gb available . sdhc : > 2 gbs to 32 gb sdxc : > 32 gb to 2 tb , some 32 gb available .
if you are talking about audio here ( e . g . having notifications , alarms , etc . sent to your ( bluetooth ) headset ) , you might wish to take a look at soundabout : soundabout settings screens ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants ) this app allows you to define which audio signal is routed where ( even on certain conditions ) . i am not sure how far the free version goes concerning bluetooth , as the app description says bluetooth behavior - ( pro version ) . to my understanding , those " behavior settings " only include specifics like " force to mono " , but i do not use the app myself , and thus cannot tell for sure .
according to the official design guide , notification icons are supposed to be white only . some apps do break the rules , so perhaps it is just that you had an app that used to have colourful icons but was updated to bring it into line with the rules .
crossbreeder is a great addition to any android device . it does a lot of things , among them : dns caching and paralleling , ad and spyware blocking , modulation of os entropy levels . it helped a lot when i had an htc one v [ 1.5ghz cpu ( oc'd ) , 512 mb ram , android 4.2.2 ] . so much so that i also flashed it onto my nexus 5 . greenify helps by allowing you to manage background processes and program it accordingly for best results . lastly , titanium backup has the only " move to sd card " feature that i can vouch for . give it a try and see if it can move the apps you need off your sd card . you should also note that this might the associated app 's widgets unavailable ( see issue 11283 ; opened in 2010 and marked as " workingasintended" ) .
this is due to a lack of font support on the device . on my nexus 7 i see this :
no . unlocking your bootloader allows you to flash unsigned images to your device , but it does not ( in and of itself ) give you root permissions which you need to remove bloatware . however , having the ability to flash unsigned images makes it very easy to gain root via a custom recovery , so unlocking your bootloader can often greatly simplify the process . if you need instructions for getting root , there is a fairly exhaustive guide here .
if you have got adb ready ( see : adb and its tag-wiki for details ) , there are multiple ways to achieve it . my examples assume you have got the .apk file on your computer , and are operating from the very same directory it resides in . further , let 's call the file foobar.apk: if the latter still fails , you might have to say " goodbye " to your data , and run uninstall without the -k ( "keep data" ) option . you could also try backing up data first , and restore it after a successful install ( adb backup -f foobar.ab -noapk com.foobar and later adb restore foobar.ab ) .
you can not " downgrade " an installed app to an older version . first you need to uninstall the app from your device , and only after that can you install the older version from the apk .
download es file explorer ( the best file explorer no sought ) and share the pictures folder on your pc . in es file explorer you just enter man , find your computer and transfer any files you want
i found two possible solutions . 1st just search or program an application that sends the pictures and next deletes them . no idea if any exist . 2nd just install and configure an ftp server using filezilla ftp server and get an ftp client for android and just cut and paste the pictures to the ftp and you are done . .
i do not know about windows , but on ubuntu linux this is easily scripted using the photo management app digikam . digikam can be configured to recognize the device and automatically download the pictures . you just plug in the phone and it starts automatically , no need to do anything with the computer or the phone .
switch on the internet on your mobile and connect the laptop by wifi tethering on your mobile . now the laptop connected to your mobile by internet , now use airdroid android mobile application to transfer the files from your mobile to laptop .
if you device is samsung then through kies you can easily transfer data through wi-fi . if not then as you said in drive you could first upload them in cloud later download on laptop . as far as your concern for photos staying in the phone you can wipe all your data by a simple format
simple use " es file explorer " to cut and paste any files from your phone to a network folder . . .
on mswindows 7 , when i connect any usb device including my phone it asks me if i want to import the pictures . there is an option to delete them also on the usb device . it does it also for my galaxy tab . but i never let windows delete automatically , because i suspect it would take all images , not only camera images .
your issue ain't related with browser app , it is a network configuration regarding the proxy settings . as you can read from your phone 's user manual on page 63: proxy settings are used by browser but may not be used by other apps . since you have mentioned that only " browser " gets affected , and that all of them work fine under 3g , this leaves us with an wifi settings issue : touch the " settings " icon ; touch " wireless and networks " > " wi-fi" ; touch and hold your network in the list of wi-fi networks ; touch " modify network " in the dialog that opens ; select " show advanced option" ; touch " none " under proxy settings , then touch " manual " in the menu that opens . clear the proxy box , make sure nothing stays there . touch save . open the browser and give it a try . you should now be able to navigate without problems either with http and https .
can you once try slate . apk from this xda thread . he has created/ported many skins .
you can search your contacts easily by " typing letters " . the dialer instantly interprets the input phone number also as text input ( just like t9 does ) and shows contacts that match below the actual number . for example if you want to dial smith you should dial 76484 . no need to press 4 three times to get " i " .
i would assume it is because there are still phone numbers that are distributed with convenience letters ( e . g . " phonewords" ) in them , and there are probably still automated call answering programs that use them . the letters on the numpad far predate t9 . for the us specifically , wikipedia also has an article that explains the history of telephone numbers and the various ways that letters have been used over time ( it was different in other countries , but i can not find a detailed article for that at the moment ) .
can you still boot normally ? if yes , you can just go to Settings &gt; Backup &amp; Reset &gt; Factory data reset .
flashing cwm recovery directly from your micromax funbook . this method is for those who do not want to use a computer to flash cwm recovery or do not have access to a computer to do the same . give me credits only for the method . not for the app and the recovery image . things required:- data connection on your tablet . ( via wifi ) an archieve supported file manager . eg es file explorer . a usable and working mind . steps:- download the file from the link below . extract the file to the root of your " internal sd card " and you will get 2 file first " novotools_v1.0" and the second " recovery . img " . install the app novotools_v1.0 . run novotools and you will see and option flash recovery click it and the recovey will be flashed onto your phone . reboot in recovery with the help of the application or the old method by holding the home/options and the power button . now you have fully functional cwm recovery . download quote : quote : http://www.mediafire.com/?6wn2dow0lz9qoot using this custom cwm , you can scroll in the funbook recovery mode using the menu button alone .
as you have said that it is not a ' captive portal ' , could it be an internal vpn connection ? i doubt it , but it is possible . most hotspot 's that require login use these portals - so you should just go to google . com in your browser and it should take you to a webpage that is the portal , where a login is required prior to accessing any other website . this login , may require a registration or some form of payment , depending on who is the provider of that portal . has this ever appeared before ? when you use your laptop - what does the balloon notification say , something along the lines of " wifi hotspot detected , click here to connect " or similar . on my laptop , it just opens my browser to my home page , to get redirected to the portal to login .
if you open your browser when connected to that hotspot , it should automatically get re-directed to the login page for it . that is what most of these hotspot apps try to automate using macros . after having logged-in via the browser , the internet connection should be available to your apps .
well first off . theres no true way to stop it . secondly , the way i do it . i sign out of skype first . then , i use the manage apps or task manager . stop the app first . then , make sure it has been cleared from the cached background processes . a phone restart might be required to start the app again or other apps . i am fine with having to restart my phone . it gives me the chance to control everything i do on it .
try signing out first . and than back button .
in the skype app , press menu -> sign out , or use the sign-out button on the top-right corner of the app 's home screen , then confirm .
two points , firstly if you just want to stop getting the airpush ads , airpush themselves offer two ways that you can opt your device out of receiving the ads . either : install the airpush permanent opt-out app , or visit their opt-out page and follow the instructions to enter your imei to be opted out . secondly i do not think that airpush is the only game in town doing this . i uninstalled an app a few months ago when i tracked down that it was the one spamming my notification bar . its ads did not look like airpush 's and it did not show up with an airpush detector . did not track down who was providing the ads framework the app was using , i was just happy to get that rubbish off my device , for an app i only opened once a month or so i did not need that hassle . it may be that these are not airpush ads , but one of their competitors . that app i just tracked down by working out which apps i would installed/updated recently , then glancing through the market comments to see which one was full of users screaming to get rid of the notification ads .
install the airpush detector app . this will ( in most cases ) detect the app responsible .
touch the stars at the top of your phone and slide it down with your finger to view the ad . dont open the ad but instead put your finger on it and press and hold it down for 7 seconds and the app thats sending you the add will appear . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . delete the app and the stars will go away . my stars came from downloading the ringtone ( fart ) with my samsung galaxy note 2 .
i use rockplayer and it has a button right on the display to toggle aspect ratios and zoom levels--very convenient .
z4root is for android version 2.2 , as versions such as honeycomb have such methods of rooting patched . try a hard reset .
you said you can now enter download mode ? and i am assuming you can no longer go into clockworkmod if this is true i would suggest putting stock rom onto your device via odin . there are many instructions / manuals available so finding the correct one for your phone and model is down to you . also its your responsibility when following these instructions , if anything goes wrong there will be no one to blame i would suggest typing samsung galaxy s gt-19000 stock rom into a search engine as a starting point alternatively here is a link where you can get the stock rom and gives instructions on how to install the stock rom , this link even has the different country versions of the stock rom however their link to further downloads was broken so if your country is not on their list here is another option ; just a note worth mentioning , after installing the stock rom if your phone freezes on the samsung logo which is a familiar problem , try entering recovery mode - via holding - up volume button + home button + power button and wiping the cache should resolve the problem so i looked on xda ( personally i find it a reliable website , with plenty of users commenting on forums as to what works/does not work ext . ) here is a link where developers have posted their custom roms for your phone all the best
no , mobile broadband is called such specifically to distinguish it from a cell phone data plan . you might be able to trick them by claiming your phone is one of the tablets they support , but only if you can get all its info ( imei etc . ) beforehand and they accept it , rather than requiring you to bring in the device . however i believe they are able to detect this sort of trickery on a network level , even if you are not an existing customer and they know that your device is a phone . i would not expect it to work for long . i did a similar thing on t-mobile and my service was cut after 2 days .
answering my own question as found the solution . we can edit build . prop from mobile . i downloaded es file explorer which is free . then from optin set " root explorer " and set " mount system as read/write " now edit build . prop and save it using es file explorer 's editor then uncheck " root explorer " and " mount system as read/write " for safety . . hope it wil help someone : )
root explorer will not solve your problem any more than adb , although it is a great app . first , i would try making sure you remount /system as read-only after you push the modified file . if that does not work i would assume your bootloader is checking the file and replacing it when it does not match what it should be . to help you further , i think we need to know what phone you have ; please add that to the question . your version of android , name of your rom if it is custom , etc . will also be useful .
summing up from my comments above : how do signal boosters work ? they work by forcing the device to do a re-connect . though the device is permanently watching its neighborhood ( for the case the signal gets too weak ) , it does not switch for just a trifle . instead , it tries to weight the benefits against the costs : switching to a different cell has some signalling overhead to be considered . so if it is just for a trifle , it would not switch . but if the other signal source is twice as strong , for example , it would . and it certainly does switch once you lose signal , even if there is just a weak signal available to switch to . if it switches , it always choses the best and strongest signal available . and as i said , when you lose your signal it does switch : that is exactly the concept of the booster . by going to airplane mode , it makes you lose the signal , so switching on the radios makes the device connecting to the strongest signal . if your lucky , you see one more bar . if there was just one cell available , you just wasted juice . imho it is not really worth it , but everybody needs to decide that himself/herself . improvements are rather marginal/cosmetical in most cases , if at all . ways to boost without a booster well , if you followed my above writing , you might already have guessed it : long-press your power button , and select " airplane " , then do it again . or , open your notification bar and tap the plane icon , and repeat it . done . the difference is you need to do it manually – while the app at least partially automates it ( maximum one tap with the app , while 4 manually ) . further hints there are apps available which track cell signals . some do even track the neighboring cells ( most of them only work with selected devices ) . if you find one that does work with neigboring cells and your device , you should be able to tell the real numbers – and see if it would be worth to " boost " , or if it rather would be to " boast " : ) .
best and simplest way to boost signal is airplane mode toggle method . most signal boost apps do it . but some pro apps do one extra thing which we can not do . . . . . i.e. to search for strongest cell site if available . so the basics are the same .
no idea , not using twitter on my phone ( @matthew read 's idea has merit ) open skype , hit menu , settings , uncheck notifications you do not want to see .
it is actually not the hardware at all . there is a special file in the android system called gps . conf . this file specifies the gps servers that the device will use . each manufacturer wants to use their own special gps servers instead of the main ones from google ( some have different values for different devices ) . this means that different devices connect to different servers for the same goal : gps tracking . this means 2 things for lockon time : the speed and hardware of the gps servers the manufacturer has specified will determine the lockon time . the amount of traffic going to those servers will also significantly affect lockon time . this is why many samsung phones have notoriously slow gps lockon times . additionally , some manufacturers specify gps servers that arent even on the same continent ( they specify one set of general servers for everybody ) . this means that if the servers are in europe , the lockon times will be better for people in europe due to low latency and the people in the us wont be so lucky . the fix for this is simple ( editing the file and replacing them with more region specific gps servers ) but this requires root access .
solved the problem by installing motorola device manager and re-plugging the phone . i felt so silly after finding that link .
the simple answer is no ! . waze is just an app , a piece of software and has no bearing on battery life or heat generation . heat is generated from devices within your phone running with too much power . waze maybe the app that starts these devices going , but ultimately , it is the phones hardware that is causing the heat . screens generate a large amount of heat to provide the brightness needed , try reducing the brightness level on the screen . also , the satellite tracking system may be needing more power if the signals being received are too small . some phones have a self boost amplifier and these can also burn battery power . anything that runs these types of hardware would cause you phone to get hot , and lack of cooling would not help . most phones are designed now to be as thin and light as possible , this is done by sacrificing heatsinking ( the designers assume the phone will only be used for short periods at a time ) .
in your devices settings ( under settings &rarr ; wifi or settings &rarr ; wireless and networks &rarr ; wifi , depending on your android version / rom ) you should find a check-box to enable notifications for " open networks " . if you enable that ( and , of course , have wifi enabled ) , android will always scan for networks in the background ( which it does anyway with wifi enabled ) and display a notification in the notification-bar to inform you whenever an " open network " was detected . this does not automatically connect you to that network , for security reasons . otherwise hackers would have an easy job to lurk you into their honey-pot , hack your device , and leave you - virtually - " naked " . it is not a really good idea to simply connect to any open network around . many background connections are not secured , or at least not well secured , so it would be easy to sniff your passwords or personal data transmitted ( same for your " manual connections " via e.g. the browser ) . so pick your " open networks " carefully . however : once you manually connected a network , android will remember that -- and connect you automatically the next time it is in reach . until you go and remove its configuration manually from the settings . there are also apps available on the playstore helping you in this context . while android 's default scanner shows networks using a " captive login " as open as others not using it , they even differentiate . a good example for those is e.g. wefi pro ( at least it did show these differences in the past -- it is some time ago when i used it last ) .
i ended up deleting my account and registering it again , and it worked , but this is a workaround . as pointed out by other people , the native mail app is buggy , so i started evaluating touchdown .
i know you were going for the " onboard " solution for exchange e-mail , but at my workplace a bunch of folks use touchdown : http://www.appbrain.com/app/exchange-by-touchdown-key/com.nitrodesk.touchdownpro only problem is that is is $19.99 . it works well with activesync policies and does not force you to encrypt your whole device if your sysadmin has required as such .
from the home screen , click the " all apps " button , then there is an app called downloads . by default , downloads are sorted most-recent-first , so the one you have just downloaded will be at the top . if even that method is one step too many , you can long-tap on the downloads icon in the apps menu , then drop it on the home screen to create a shortcut to that app . now you can open it from the home screen directly . additionally , if the wrong app opens a certain kind of file , you can stop that and go back to having a chooser to pick which app to open files with . open the settings app , then go to apps ( on some phones it is called applications manager ) . choose the offending app from the list : if it is a built-in app , you will need to swipe to to the all page . scroll down and click clear defaults . next time you open a file that would open with that app , you will get the chooser instead ( assuming you have another app installed that can open that kind of file ) .
the issue is not the browser or anything else , if you try to connect via the gprs ( mobile network ) it will not block . and to make it pretty sure , you can try to download opera mini v7 . then you will be able to see that it will load pages even when they are blocked . isps block site , as per orders of govt . or on their own . the issue is mainly because of that ! but still , you might try out opera mini , and check if the site is working for you or not . if opera mini is working , then their is some issue with the connection . if the problem persists , you might try to use some vpn . that is the only way to get around when the isp is blocking some sites .
i use unison by mounting the android with sshfs . as ssh server i use sshdroid . but be warned , unison with sshfs is really slow . though with one single file it should not matter .
i have also followed the cross compilation root as indicated in chc 's answer i have released unisonsync that allows you to unison without dealing with the command line ( and without rooting ) on google play : from the proof of concept , which was quickly running , to a production ready app it took much more time than expected , but now it works and is very handy to sync my publications and datasheet repository .
a market search revealed afilesync which claims to sync files via ftp and also has support to auto-sync files . you will need to be running an ftp server on your own . there is also sk sync , but users have reported mixed results with it . obviously , before you try any of these programs / apps , please backup your files both on the pc/server as well as your android device .
you might want to consider another option here , if you want to use this for keepass password database . this will not work for other sensitive material , but since you asked specifically for keepass , here 's what i do : protect the database with the password ( i assume you have , already ) , and a key . this will give you a two-factor authentication ( "something you know " -- your password , and " something you have " -- your key ) . the password database can only be unlocked when both pieces are in place . copy the key to the local storage of all your devices , and give it some inconspicuous name . preferably put it in a crowded directory where it would seem like some configuration file or some random noise file created by a program . upload your database to a third-party storage service ( i use dropbox , but other options would work just as well ) . it goes without saying that the service should have an android client if you want to use it on your device . do not upload your key there -- use another method to copy it to the devices you need . dropbox in particular keeps a copy of the files you upload and then delete at least for a week for backup purposes ( quite convenient , i must admit ) , but if your key is on the server already , it is not more secure than a normal password-protected database . configure your keepass clients not to remember the location of the key ( remembering the location of the database is fine ) . in this way , you can upload your database to a random website , and even if your password gets compromised for some reason ( i.e. . keyboard loggers ) , you can only use the database from devices that have the key and now which file is actually the key . for convenience , you might want to have key-only authentication on a mobile device ( secure passwords are tedious to type on a mobile device , and you obviously do not want to use anything short and easy here ) . but i would recommend against this , as in this case the security is even lower than a password-protected database -- instead of a password you have in your head , you use a " password " ( the key file ) that is on your device . keepass does not give any hints whether it requires key , password or both -- which works to your advantage .
you may have found something you are happy with now but i have compiled a binary of unison that works on android - it is possible using the hand-waving instructions you are talking about - i used them to cross-compile the linux source within ubuntu 12.10 using the android ndk and with a few alterations to the code it is now working . follow the instructions at https://sites.google.com/site/keigoattic/ocaml-on-android and then you will need to do a few things . there is a file called pty . c in the unison source - find the following section : // openpty #if defined(__linux) #include &lt;pty.h&gt; /*#define HAS_OPENPTY 1*/ #endif  and comment out define HAS_OPENPTY 1 as shown . you also need to open ubase/util . ml and edit : let homeDir () = System.fspathFromString "/Your path here"  comment out from here : . . . to here ! then you will also have to edit makefile . ocaml and comment out # CLIBS+=-cclib -lutil as shown . and as far as i can remember that all worked . the other step once compiled is to mount your android system partition as writable and copy unison to the /system folder where all the rest of the shell commands are . hope that is helpful to someone . . . i lost a lot of sleep getting it compiled .
i do not know of anything native that does this . there are many file sync apps but all the ones i have seen are either unidirectional , or rely on the user to manually sync the file from the phone to the cloud . what you are intending to do should be possible with the dropbox api but i do not know if you are willing to create your own custom app that keeps watch over the specific files you need sync'd
i do exactly what you ask with foldersync . it is a very nice piece of software , with plenty of options and features . i use it as a personal dropbox alternative using sftp over ssh with keyfile for authentication . you can even set it up to automatically detect changes on the local replicas and trigger an immediate upload . on my phone i use it to upload pics on my server as soon as i take them , and it works just perfect .
" long touch " on the screen ( the wallpaper ) so the add to home screen option opens . touch motorola widgets touch contact quick tasks choose the contact you want to add choose the contact method ( s ) done !
while all of the above is true , you can simply click menu -> add -> shortcut -> dialer -> favorites to recreate the shortcut if you accidenatlly delete it . that is if you are talking about the little red icon with the star that takes you to the favorites tab in the dialer .
some widgets might only be able to be placed once . if you only want one instance of it , but on another screen , just long click ( click on the widget and keep your click/pressure on it or keep your finger pressed to the screen ) till you have control of it . on my android device i feel a vibrate and the widget shakes on the screen . then just move it where ever you want . to go to another screen hold the widget to the edge of that screen and you should be on the the next screen . another tip that might be easier than moving apps and widgets on homescreens , just long click on them till you have control and remove them by dragging to the bottom of the screen . then go to the screen you want and add it . long click on an empty space of the homescreen and choose " widgets " then find your widget and add it . update : so at the very top of my widget list is something that says , " get more htc widgets " . you could see if you have that . not sure if motorola has their own option there or not . also try looking at your widget list and then see if you have " contacts " or " people " . on my phone i have " people " and that allows me to add one of those favorite listings for my contacts .
this quotes andy rubin in saying that they will move from a twice a year release schedule to a yearly cycle . but i do not know of an actual " official " publication . also , this " yearly " cycle probably only means " major " releases , but there will still probably be " minor " updates through out the year like they have done in the past . the quote : so we launched it , and from our internal 0.8 , we got to 1.0 pretty quickly , and we went through this iteration cycle . you’ve noticed , probably , that that’s slowed down a little bit . our product cycle is now , basically twice a year , and it will probably end up being once a year when things start settling down , because a platform that’s moving — it’s hard for developers to keep up . i want developers to basically leverage the innovation . i don’t want developers to have to predict the innovation . andy rubin vp of engineering for android at google
no , there is no officially published plan . the only people who get advance access to new versions before they are released are certain big-name developers ( and tier 1 hardware vendors , of course ) under nda , so they can be ready take advantage of new features . the rest of us get it when the updates get pushed out . ( usually , the new sdk and emulator images appear a little after the new devices ship . ) unless you want to take advantage of not-yet-announced features , there is no need to change your app for new os versions , because of the backwards-compatibility features present in android .
i was also looking for this answer , specifically for signing into google using the web signin ( required if using secondary auth ) . for the password i just typed in a single letter then touching and holding the icon showed up for highlighting the text . above it was the paste . i simply pasted my password , then deleted the first character .
stumbled on this link when i found an in-app password field that disallowed pasting . i happen to use lastpass that supplies an additional keyboard input method ( press and hold space bar with the elipsis dots to switch input mode after configuring input methods ) . i switched to that and it worked . presumably other input keyboards have the ability to override default paste behavior . good luck
when you are using hacker 's keyboard you can simply press ctrl + v to paste . please note if you do not have a ctrl key , you can enable it in the keyboard 's settings .
you can simply have the password typed in plain text . keep it inside a sms conversation , e-mail , note , or anywhere you like . nobody would know that is is your password since there is no indication to that matter in the place where the password is typed . when you are required to type the password in your browser , just select all by pressing ald holding the typed text and copy it . now go to the password field and touch and hold for a second or so and then a button named paste will appear . then simply touch that button . the password will be pasted into the filed . done ! !
i would recommend contacting the developer directly . they will be much more helpful than us giving speculating answers on here . most devs are pretty quick at getting back to you as well .
i think it is due to u have use wrong rooting file . did you tried other rooting file as well ? what i tried is i9100zslsj android 4.1.2 jelly bean galaxy s2 i9100 if you want to download it . here is the link
no device can have all of its internal storage free for user . the operating system ( and pre-installed apps ) needs some space for itself . so nexus 4 does not give you 16 gb free either . the 16 gb version of nexus 4 gives user an approximate of 12.92 gb free . whereas , the 8 gb version of nexus 4 gives you an approximate of 5.67 gb free space to use . i do not have the device ( at least yet ) . this is what i have found in reviews / discussions .
i have a 16gb nexus 4 and i can report that settings -> storage indicates a total capacity of 12.92gb . there does not appear to be any restriction on how this is used . it is possible that there is some hidden limit , but if so there is no indication of such . it seems very likely that you can install as many gb of apps as you can fit on there :- )
this issue was resolved by reinstalling bigxie 's 4.1.1 rom from scratch ( with a full wipe ) . i suspect that fiddling around with titaniumbackup caused me to remove the system camera app , and for some reason this was not put in when i installed aokp + gapps . please note ! full wipe and complete reinstall of a rom that is missing the camera app will not help . therefore , choose a stock rom or a rom close to stock that you know include the camera system app . if this does not help , try reseting the phone completely to locked bootloader , unrooted stock rom and so on as you will probably want to return it anyway if the camera app is still gone in the stock installation : )
you can use app2sd for this . keep in mind that not all apps can be moved to the sd card this way , also part of them will always remain in the internal storage . this does not require rooting . you do not actually need the app but you can also do this via the application section of the settings menu . app2sd offers a nicer interface and hides those applications you cannot move to the card , though . one alternative is link2sd . this application is able to move all apps completely to the card . the downside is that it is more difficult to set up as it requires root and a separate partition on the sd card .
the implementation of what you are asking is too application-specific to work well for most computer applications , thus the usual ( and possibly only ) solution you will find is use some screensharing app . all applications handle such notifications differently , so it would be too hard to make it work for all applications correctly .
sending phone notifications to desktop work because there is a simple framework for the phones , and all your app as to do is listen for that event and echo the message to the desktop . the reverse is significantly harder because there is simply no unified notification framework yet . every app handles notifications differently . i have not written desktop apps for windows at that depths , but notice how most application icons on the taskbar light up when there is an event ? ( may not always be a valid notification ) . well , my first guess is that you had have to write a listener for that - assuming you are given that kind of access in the os in the first place . [ check out this so answer ] . once you have a listener in place , you can know when an app receives a notification . however , unless the app exposes a method to see what the notification is though the taskbar , it is unlikely that you can derive the contents . . .
there are two applications that come preloaded on the device which can do this for you , " fit " and " heart rate " . you can start these apps by saying " ok google " or tapping the screen to bring up search , followed by the command " start fit " or " start heart rate " which launch the corresponding app . heart rate 's sole purpose is to show this information , so the button to start monitoring will be available immediately . fit also tracks other fitness data , such as steps you have traveled , so you will need to swipe to the left once to get to the heart rate section and expose the button which will start the reading . both of these apps will request that you stay still for 10-15 seconds as a reading is taken , and it is important to note that they only measure your heart rate when you ask for it , there is not a passive reading being taken . as a shortcut , you can just tell google to " show me my heart rate " to skip the " start fit " or " start heart rate " commands as well as the button press to start the reading . this will automatically launch the default heart rate measuring app and start taking a reading . you can configure which app does this by default by using the android wear app on your connected device .
this is a simple and pretty straightforward way to restore deleted whatsapp stuff . all you need to do is uninstall the app and install it back . this would actually use all the backup files , and restore whatever it can . it works with videos also
once a media file is downloaded from the whatsapp server it is indeed deleted the from the server . see this article : http://www.whatsapp.com/faq/general/28030002 the daily backups that other users are referring to only restore text and metadata content of messages . the media content ( eg : images and videos ) are stored on your device in a folder on the sdcard ( typically in a location such as : /sdcard/whatsapp/media/ ) and is not part of the daily backup and so must be retained in order for whatsapp to be able to find it . their are methods to restore files from flash media once deleted but this requires you to act quickly . i will not talk about this here since this is not your question .
every phone have option to remove the pattern lock . go to the 1 . setting 2 . security 3 . screen lock 4 . click 5 . option coming ( none , pattern , pin , password ) . 6 . choose none option . then you have remove the pattern lock . in android every phone have same process . above answer is also correct . i have updated only how to remove pattern lock specifically .
in your phone go to the settings options and check for security settings and find key lock settings . you will have some options like pin , pattern , none . pin is for the phone will ask you for a 4-digit number to unlock your phone . pattern is for the phone will ask you to draw the pattern for the phone to unlock the phone . the pattern should be the same as the pattern you had set . choose none for the phone will not ask for any pattern or pin to unlock your phone . in this way you will be free of any hassles to unlock your phone .
you will want to use the wifi 's ssid and mac address as a trigger . when you create your profile you will go to state and select wifi connected . then you will see a magnifying glass next to ssid and mac . touching the magnifying glass will allow you to see the wifi networks currently in your area . you can add multiple ssid for a single task but then i am not sure how the mac addresses with interact with that . you might be able to see the wifi network it remembers but i am not 100% sure on that . after selecting the correct ssid and its corresponding mac address tasker now knows to trigger . by selecting the ssid and mac address is prevents tasker from triggering if you connect to another wifi address with the same ssid . i hope this help . since i am new and trying to build up rep please do not forget to select this as your answer if it works for you and to upvote it . thanks . if you have any issues please come back and ask more question but provide more info about the phone , android version and tasker version along with any other plugin you might have .
if everything else fails ( and your comment above says you cannot set the volumes separately as needed ) , you could take a look at volume ace , which not only allows you to set all volumes separately 1 , but even lets you create profiles 3 switchable via widgets 2 : this enables you to always have the right volume settings according to the situation .
there is nothing which would prevent apps from modifying data files in-place . if they do not do so , then it is because the app developer decided so .
plug the phone back into the pc . then use windows explorer and verify that your pc can see it . this will tell you if the phone is recoverable . if you can access everything within the phone , then it might be a dead screen .
i have found out through searches that this is the sudden death syndrome ( sds ) which many have reported especially for samsung galaxy s3 . it was the motherboard that was broken and replacing it brought the phone back to life .
how to get into recovery mode unplug the usb cable . shut down the phone . hold down the ' home ' + ' volume up ' buttons and press the ' power ' button for about 5 seconds to enter recovery mode . how to get into download mode ( eg : for odin ) unplug the usb cable . shut down the phone . hold down the ' home ' + ' volume down ' buttons and press the ' power ' button for about 2 seconds until a warning ! screen appears . press the ' volume up ' button to enter download mode . to get out of download mode , simply press and hold the power button until the phone restarts .
if you are going to move from cyanogenmod to stock rom , you need to do a full wipe . otherwise , there is big chance you are going to have issues . a full wipe is necessary when moving from one rom to another rom ( stock to custom , and vice versa ) . you should be able to find stock rom in sammobile .
after many failures , i finally figured out what was happening . cyanogenmod 's update utility told me about a new snapshot for 10.2 . i was currently on 10.1 . when i installed the 10.2 " stable " snapshot , i still had the 10.1 gapps on the phone . evidently this is what caused the boot to fail . after wiping the caches and doing the " factory reset " , installing the 10.2 gapps and the 10.2 cgm snapshot , i was able to get the phone to boot successfully . i do not know why the 10.1.3 reversion failed when i still had 10.1 gapps on it . i will update this answer later if battery life is still an issue , but i believe i should be able to revert to 10.1/10.1 if battery still does not behave well in the 10.2 snapshot . while trying the paths , i also tried the cgm 11 ( 4.4 ) beta build . looks pretty sweet , but i could not get wifi to work on it , so i went back to cgm 10.2 snapshot .
in the application , click on the ' tasks and memos ' area . there should be a Task list button ; click on it . there , you can select and deselect the lists you want to show . if you only wanted to show a single list , you can uncheck the rest of the lists and click Close . now , this is not designed to be used to quickly show and hide lists . rather , it seems more like a preference . if you want multiple lists and the ability to quickly load just one on demand , i would recommend an app designed specifically for lists , such as list master . i use jorte , but only for my calendars . it is not well suited for separate lists , but rather a simple todo list .
my best guess is that this behaviour is not configurable and maybe solely htc 's fault ( you most problably had a look at every option of your browser already before asking here ) . some options that come to mind : you might want to try a different browser than the evo 's default ( dolphin , opera , firefox ) root , unlock and install cyanogenmod or something different ( alas , not an option for many due to difficulty , risk and warranty problems )
a signature error is often caused by trying to install custom firmware ( the rom ) with the stock revovery . the stock recovery will only install a factory image for the device , signed by the manufacturer . this means you can only install stock firmware with it . so you need a custom recovery , something like clockworkmod or twrp recovery . note : do at your own risk , and ensure you have the correct device model for this ! downloads : this is the link to twrp for the galaxy s3 . this is the link to clockworkmod ( cwm ) recovery for galaxy s3 how to flash a new recovery with odin : step 1: prepare odin for flash make sure auto reboot and f . reset are checked , then click the pda button and load your . tar file . step 2: go into download mode on your gs3 you can do this by powering off your phone , and power back on by holding volume down + home + power . if you are on a custom rom , do not do this by holding the power button , select reboot , and select download mode . it can cause issues in certain models in odin . step 3: flash twrp press the start button on odin . then watch your phone do its thing and reboot . that is it , you now have the latest and greatest recovery available for the samsung galaxy s3 . before installing a new rom ensure you make a full nandroid backup in your new recovery . after you install the recovery , boot into it like before , then wipe cache / data and install your new rom .
i am not sure if it can or not , but tasker has a 7 day free trial if you download it from their website instead of android market . http://tasker.dinglisch.net/download.html so you can try it out yourself .
as it stands right now , tasker does not have that functionality . some researching indicates no third-party app can do that .
according to subsonic music streamer , one of the application features is precisely what you are looking for : songs are cached for offline playback . supports mp3 , ogg , aac , flac , wma . most video formats supported too .
o.k. i have resolved the issue by re-applying the ota update from sdcard with recovery mode .
you can simply install the golauncherex and then install the go switch widget . it is awesome and lets you control lot of other functionality other than tethering .
have a look at tethering widget . its a free widget with nice look . it can be used to enable/disable wifi and usb tethering as well . to add , press home button Menu | Add | Widget | Tethering (full) / Tethering (small) 
just download opensignal from play store .
you will not be able to display this on the home screen without 3rd party apps . you can use this app called cellid info from google play store , you may find other apps that display this info too . the cellid info does not say if it has a widget ( i do not think it does ) but some of the other ones might .
the thief would , perform in this order of chances below are : throw away the sim card ( see below ) attempt to unlock boot-loader ( if its locked ) which results in wipe of /data and /cache pop in a sim card that does not have pin lock . if an incorrect pin is entered more than three times , a puk is needed ! now the chances of the thief walking into the carrier 's shop , asking for the puk code is very slim hence why number one ( in the above ) is done first , even if digging around trying to figure out what the number is . and furthermore , some , if not all , carriers have the handset , locked to the network in itself . sure they will get the imei and walk into a mobile shop that specializes in phone/network unlocking and get the handset freed from the carrier 's network . so it would be safe to say the sim card 's pin lock is secure somewhat !
i managed to record with the help of built in app . go to Messaging app-&gt;Attach-&gt;Record Audio .
there must be an . apk floating around somewhere . my cyanogenmod 4.2.2 has an app in the drawer named " sound recorder " .
i suspect the Sound recorder could be just a component that is used by several apps , such as Google Now and Voice Search . if you take a look at the list of apps , there are also others that can not be run directly , such as MusicFX , NFC Service , Search Applications Provider etc . , most of which take exactly the same amount of space , 12.00kb . note that this is just an assumption , i have no further proof .
here 's how to run it : open your app list . go to voice recorder . open it and record .
this app has no inbuilt gui link on many builds . you can use the app sound recorder shortcut by kn inc to access it through a shortcut though . the app needs no permission . the recordings are saved on the sdcard in path /sdcard/ . the files names are recording* . 3gpp . the recording was just ok though with some amount of background noise .
using sero 7 pro with jb 4.2.1 i found the recordings listed as " recordingxxxxx " where the x 's were an autogenerated numerical sequence . recording files are saved as * . 3gpp on /sdcard . i have played them back using the player integrated with es file explorer .
there is an app named user management for what you are asking . but , the app requires root access to work . so , your device needs to be rooted ( which voids warranty ) .
i found a plugin ! when i first looked , i did not realize locale plugins were compatible with tasker . the plugin is called " locale gtalk plug-in " by billy francisco . i have a galaxy nexus with ics , and it appears to be working fine ; my status was set properly by a task . there is a nearly identically named app , " locale gtalk plug-in free " by willem stoker ; reviews warned it includes air push advertising , so i did not install or test it .
workaround found : wrap all aac files into matroska containers and usual music players start recognising them . mkvmerge some_music.aac -o some_music.mka 
i recently ran into this issue with my phone after downloading a battery saver app that i noticed had turned sync off after i had uninstalled the app . i read through all the comment answers above and no one came close to the stock rom 4.2 's data sync setup . in the ( current at time of post ) latest version of android the "Accounts &amp; Sync" has been removed and all accounts are inline in the settings ListView . individual accounts will only let you sync now , there is no option to "Turn Sync on" or "Auto Sync" my setup : verizon galaxy nexus android 4.2.2 stock rom build number : jdq39 what i did to resolve : go to settings -> data usage -> menu -> click auto-sync data
on stock android 4.2.2 on my galaxy nexus i had the same problem of gmail notifications not working . i checked that in settings> data usage " auto sync " was turned on . then i went to settings> accounts> google , hit the email address and you see everything that is being synced or not . weirdly for me it gmail sync was inactive after i had recently updated my rom . this should take care of this problem .
i was having a similar problem . just wait for a minute or so and that folder does get created eventually . of course the workaround is to either : create folder on a local windows drive and then copy it onto the phone or install custom recovery and reboot into it and activate usb mass storage
it is possible to get the cell tower id and location using the PhoneStateListener of the android api . here are some apps that seems to use this feature to show some information about the nearest cell towers : opensignal - 3g/4g/wifi maps signal finder antennas
from the home screen Menu | Accounts &amp; sync should list all of your accounts on the device . tap the account you want and then tap the " remove account " button .
as romain guy , one of the android engineers , stated in a stack overflow answer : no , you cannot move the honeycomb status bar , either via a setting or programmatically ( meaning it is not possible for an app to move it for you ) . you had have to modify and build the honeycomb source if you wanted to have any chance of accomplishing this . you could , however , try to find an emulator that lets you move the controls to the top of the screen . i recall seeing one that had this option , but i do not remember which one ( i think it may have been snes9x , but i am not positive ) .
one of the apps , elderathis might be referring to is button savior . one does need to be rooted to make use of it , though .
you have to close all applications , that are accessing the file WifiAnalyzer_Alias.txt . i had to close " es file explorer " and " wifi analyzer " itself . after restarting wifi analyzer i could import the file without problem .
create new google account . transfer existing play store purchases from your personal account to this new account . you need to contact google support/billing for that . its not just theory . . i have seen such transfer . use this new google account on multiple devices of family .
any music you have purchased can be downloaded as mp3 files . once downloaded , it can be uploaded to the google music service in another account . my wife and i do this with cds we have purchased and ripped to mp3 . ianal , but since you are speaking of your wife , your property is shared and your music is owned by both of you . this , however , does not work for the " all access " features google music . if i understand the terms correctly , that account cannot be shared .
you cannot separate the gmail from the playstore . you can let others use your google account to play music or download apps but they would also have access to gmail .
have a look at my mobiler . it is free and works like a charm . i use it while developing on both windows mobile and android , especially when needing to demonstrate the applications but also while debugging . it solves your problem by showing the screen properly and you can rotate it ( which it does automatically ) . it even has easy screen capturing and video recording .
personally , i use share keyboard and mouse . it is two-part software . run the app on your device and run a service on your pc . i use it because it offers control via usb connection , bluetooth and wi-fi . i have found that bluetooth method is nearly impossible to use due to lag . it works on both rooted and unrooted devices . usb debug needs to be enabled and it requires superuser access for rooted devices if you use wi-fi or bluetooth . install the android app here and the pc app here .
try using team view app . here is the link : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.teamviewer.teamviewer.market.mobile&amp;hl=en  now a new functionality called as screen cast has come . hope we find more apps related to the same .
i would suggest looking at the motorola source for the droidx . i think this is just the kernel source , but i have not looked through it . if this is not what you are looking for , then i would try and get in touch with someone that is part of motodev .
there are custom kernels supporting the htc logo as a button . you might e.g. want to check tbaldens kernel @ xda , which is available in different variants underlying the logo with different features : home2wake and htclogo2sleep home2wake and htclogomenu watch the videos over at xda-developers to see how it works . it is not the combination you asked for , but maybe that one was added later as a variant ( another dev continued with a fork in this second thread , which lists a few more details ) , or you can ask the dev to do so .
the problem is with the s2e on 4.2.2 . i wiped everything , it worked . now i reinstalled s2e and it will not work . edit : main user had no access to write sd-ext . i created a code added init . d to set sd-ext with chmod 777 .
try calibrating your battery , it helped me a lot . i had the same issue , 100% , immediately to low 7% again 70% , like that . calibration means , it just removes battery_stats . bin from your /system/ and os will regenerate another one . this will remove any miscalculations . after calibrating , it is recommended to drain your phone to the fullest and charge them back to 100% . if you have rooted your phone , this is one right way . : )
im not sure about the hardware of your tablet , so might not be that powerful . that could be the reason for the lag about rooting and custom roms they are not assured to remove lag , some roms might help while some may be even slower , it depends on the rom you use . but that said generally custom roms are made to be lightweight , fast and fluid .
you can call between avd 's . run 2 avd , each will have diffrent number - it is placed on window title bar , example 5558 . call from one to other using this numbers . you can also text ; ] in your avd you simply cannot use real celluar network because your pc/mac do not have built-in gsm modem ( even if , avd is not supporting this kind of feature ) .
you can use any ordinary microphone that uses unbalanced connectors with suitable adaptors like this 3,5mm one . however , the resulting quality will depend on the dacs of the device and the application used , an external mic can only do so much .
sprint tells me that i need to pay for a hot-spot plan for $30 , but there has to be a way around this besides rooting my phone and putting cyanogen on it . sprint clamped down and disabled the previously free built-in tethering with the latest update . if you want usb tethering you can try pdanet , but wifi tethering will almost certainly require you to root , as it does on other devices . even with root , you do not necessarily need to use cyanogenmod if you do not want to , though ; you could just as easily install a free tethering app ( one example ) . this has been covered here a lot , in fact , so you might want to take a look at any wifi tethering apps noted in other questions . see also : is there a way to enable wifi-tethering without root access ?
another thing that you may want to uncheck is the alerts for open wireless networks and forget all the networks your phone has already connected to , as most android phones are , by default , set up to re-connect to wireless networks they have already connected to . you can find these options , as matthew read said above , under settings > wireless and network .
if it was turned off , it would not be able to detect the network . go to Settings -&gt; Wireless and network -&gt; Wi-Fi settings and uncheck wi-fi to disable wi-fi .
the stock music player on my evo plays . wma tracks , but it does not read any of the meta data ( track number , artist etc . ) i have tried several music apps and none of them correctly read this meta data . music player pro is vastly superior to any of the others and is well worth the cost .
i used to have wma support when i first got my htc desire z , and from the looks of things on the net , htc sense provides ( /provided ? ) wma support itself - explaining the lack of love for the format on the nexus one . i have since rooted and lost this on cyanogenmod , first with the system failing to read artist tags but still playing in the stock player , and now failing to play at all . i would suggest poweramp as a temporary workaround as this does recognise wmas and is , generally , quite a good player . i did not fancy paying after the free trial , however , so have started re-ripping my music into mp3 format . the android library will not index wma files , but any app that builds its own library of tracks should suffice ( museek used to , before becoming jukefox ) .
i had the same problem as well with the stock music player . i tried this one instead --> http://www.mixzing.com/ and it resolved my issue .
having been reminded i asked this question , i did a bit of digging and it seems that this is a feature of the nexus one and really something i should have known ( or found quicker than i did ) . spec is at : http://www.gsmarena.com/htc_google_nexus_one-3069.php includes the line : - mp3/eaac+/wav music player . . . which notedly excludes wma . as others have suggested , this is nexus one specific and will require extra software to solve .
as far as i know the stylus used with the galaxy note is special and works only with this particular device , so using that input method with different phones would mean to use the finger instead . having tried the handwriting recognition of the note i found that it is not quite as good as it seemed on first glance and i went back to using " graffiti for android " which i had already been using for the google nexus one . on the galaxy note it also works with the stylus but the recognition rate using the finger is also quite good .
the " graffiti " writing technology from the old palmos devices is available for android now , and supports letter at a time text input with a stylus ( or presumably a finger ) . graffiti for android . however , something like diopen or penreader seems to be more what you are after . they both have very mixed reviews , and do seem to be better on some devices than others , and take some getting used to .
even though android beam and s beam serve similar purposes , they actually work very differently and are not compatible with one another . android beam uses nfc to pair your devices over bluetooth , then transfers files over the bluetooth connection . i believe it can also transfer very small pieces of data ( contacts , links , etc ) directly over nfc , as the ice cream sandwich version highlights page implies : for larger payloads , developers can even use android beam to initiate a connection and transfer the data over bluetooth , without the need for user-visible pairing . s beam , however , uses wi-fi direct to perform data transfers instead of bluetooth . their reasoning for doing this is that wi-fi direct offers faster transfer speeds ( they quote up to 300 mbps ) . therefore , this will only work with other s beam enabled devices , currently limiting it to communication between two galaxy s3s . however , the sgs3 also supports android beam , so you can use that to transfer something between a gnex and an sgs3 . here is a tutorial on sprint 's website ( should be essentially the same for other versions of the sgs3 ) .
i once got that on my xperia phone when i was transferring a 150 mb file over bluetooth . some things you can try : try transferring another file . if it transfers , send the other file . if your phone is too close to the other device try moving your phone away from it . turn off bluetooth , then turn it back on . pair the device ( s ) with the phone .
it is not chrome and you can not install chrome . chrome and the chromium project have been coded for the x86 architecture , i.e. the pc , and all the ui code is specific to either windows , linux , or mac .
you can download and install firefox mobile and then add an extension/add-on that allows printing pages with google 's cloud print : http://www.androidcentral.com/cloud-printer-extension-enables-printing-firefox-mobile in honeycomb ( android 3.0 ) chrome bookmarks sync with the device , so additional chrome features , if not the entire browser , may make the leap to android in the future .
there is an app in the google play store called advanced home button . although this app will not allow you to directly configure home button 's single press , this may allow you to replace the double-tap which is configurable . however , this app does mean replacing your default launcher ( in your case , adw launcher ) . you , may , though , try it out whatsoever and see if it helps your issue . edit : there have been many negative responses on the app saying the app causes issues with the home button . so you need to be careful while installing such an app .
actually the bad news is that everyone has the same problem . its dead slow ! ! . try using the intel based emulator ( instead of the arm-7 ) and download the haxm software that intel provides . its available for the mac too . you can download the intel based emulator and the haxm software ( only for windows i guess ) from the sdk manager .
microsd is generally hot swappable ( unlike sim card ) , but this thing screws things up . first , turn off the device . remove old microsd . clone it including .android_secure . insert new microsd while device is off . then , boot the device .
i guess this is the most complete list : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/comparison_of_android_devices if you wanna see in % -> http://developer.android.com/resources/dashboard/platform-versions.html
yes , you need root : the only way i have personally seen to accomplish this without root is to basically have some sort of proxy server-esque application on your computer that communicates with an app on your phone using adb 's port forwarding . it is not especially reliable from what i have tested out ( we were looking for a solution like this for a client at work ) , but you can give it a shot . you can take a look at this app/thread on xda , or this codeproject page for a start , although i am not sure that either of them provides truly transparent internet passthrough .
a raw native process can be created by any of the usual unix-like mechanisms . an android activity or service is usually forked off by zygote ( in response to an intent ) , but i think there is an obscure way to start a vm by hand using app_process .
if you want to sync with a calendar using the ical format , there are apps available on the playstore doing exactly that , like icalsync or icalsync2 , and there is also the missing sync ( requiring a paid desktop component ) or syncmate ( specifically tailored for mac , but again requiring a desktop component ) . most likely there are plenty of additional alternatives ( take a look e.g. at these search results ) . unfortunately , i do not know of any native solution not involving 3 rd party tools .
it is probably doing something like m.facebook.com -> facebook.com -> bit.ly -> epi.us -> epicurious.com , which is a fair number of redirects . you could try a different browser that might have a longer limit or you could just post the link directly . unlike twitter you do not need to shorten urls for facebook most of the time . at minimum you could remove the epi.us step .
no , official or custom firmware are only to be used with the device specified in its name using a different phone model may result in your hard bricking your phone is there a reason why you want to use a different phone model firmware over your own ?
the superuser website explains it as such : ghost mode – hide superuser from your app tray and home screen . with ghost mode activated , the only way to launch it is by dialing a secret code into the dialer . the default secret code is *#*#787378737#*#* , but it can be set to whatever you want . note that this feature will probably be disabled if your device does not have a dialer ( tablets specifically ) .
it could be that the phone is stuck in a boot loop at or before the os has a chance to load . according to xda , to get into the recovery partition , start with this : home button + volume button - + on button . if you can get into fastboot mode , you can issue a command from the pc with a usb cable . after seeing if the device is there with " fastboot devices " , try " fastboot erase cache " and try to boot . if that fails , " fastboot -w " will essentially do a factory data reset . of course , your coworker will lose all her data , but at least the phone might boot .
boot into safe mode and see if this does the trick . to do this press home + menu and then while pressing then power up using power button
i think the easiest ( and non-sketchiest ) solution for this will be to help your sister recover her gmail password . once you have that , you can use the android device manager to reset the phone password , or erase the phone memory from the computer . this is the only solution i will post here because resetting an android without access to a gmail account is often done with less-than-ideal intentions .
it is maybe because you ave a google talk session opened : it is the same for me , for day , i have looking for what " ring " like that and do not display any informations . . .
also , if you have sms delivery receipts turned on - an alert is sounded when the recipient gets yr message .
after photos are added , they need to be scanned by the media-scanner before they will show up in gallery and other apps . normally , the app that creates the photo asks the media scanner directly to add the new photo , but in this case , because you have removed the . nomedia yourself , nothing has yet triggered the file to be scanned . you can find apps to trigger the rescan on google play , but be careful if your phone has kitkat or later : android changed the way media rescanning works , to save battery , so apps written for earlier android versions simply will not work on kitkat . alternatively , if the folder in question is on removable storage , simply remove it and then add it again , and android will re-scan the whole filesystem .
if you are stuck on samsung logo -> unplug your device from computer -> go in recovery mode -> reset to factory . . and try again installing everything as it should be . also add your new rom into your storage , and when you are in recovery mode install the new rom and everything should be fine
the firmwares files you are trying to flash using odin have bootloaders removed and they are for s5570 while you have s5570i . you should download the firmwares that are specific to your phone from here http://www.sammobile.com/firmware/?page=3t=1o=1m=gt-s5570ir=1#modelsa 1 hope your problem gets resolved if it isnt till now . . .
heyy man try odin 1.84 it is good with galaxy mini http://www.4shared.com/get/zqfln-si/odin_v184.html
unless the rom is specifically designed to allow some kind of default set-up ( and i do not know any that are ) , you can only do this by building the rom yourself from source . you can edit the build scripts to remove any apps or features you do not need , and the source code to change the default settings , then compile a rom image yourself . you do not say why you are flashing a rom every few hours . obviously if you are flashing different roms , changing the source each time is going to be harder than just setting the settings on the device . if it is essentially the same rom you are flashing each time , then you can keep your settings across flashes by simply not wiping the userdata partition when you flash the new rom . bear in mind that if the roms are significantly different , this may make the new rom unstable , because it is trying to use settings files that were written by the old rom .
the galaxy tab is pretty much like any other android device . you can transfer images to it , but not directly from , say , your camera . it does not have usb ports on it for external devices , like thumb drives . connecting to a nas , out of the box , also really is not possible . the device does not support mounting nas ( nfs and cifs ) out of the box . you could use some file manager applications that do support samba , like astro file manager . but you would have to copy the file to the tab before you can watch a video or listen to the mp3 for example . with that said , it would be possible , if rooted , to install the modules needed to mount nas shares . i have done this with my galaxy s device . the advantage of being able to mount the share on the system level , i no longer have to copy the files over to the device , since the shares are mounted on the device , it " thinks " they are actually on the device .
if your camera has an eye-fi card - a storage card with wifi - it might be possible to transfer files ( although i am not in a position to verify this , atm ) via wifi . as of now , there is no way to directly connect an external storage device to the galaxy tab .
assuming you have one specific ringtone picked out : take the audio file and loop it yourself ( using something simple like audacity ) and make it the length of a ring ( typically 30 seconds ) .
if i understand correctly , the message means that you can not set the tracks to be kept on the device , since they are currently on your device , not from play music . even the toast string toast_cant_pin_side_loaded suggests this ( see sideloading ) . unfortunately i can not confirm this since play music is not yet available in my region .
found a solution , follow the link and download version "4.4.811h . 526848" . install the old version and pin the last added playlist , then use the play store to update to the latest version . your last added playlist will now be pinned , when you update there is no still no pin icon but it is pinned .
i think you should try do a full wipe data/factory reset using your preferred custom recovery . . and then re-flash the rom and tell us what happens .
i wrote to google about this issue and they advised to clear app data ( device menu > settings > apps > all > google play music > clear data ) . this worked ! however , mind you - you will need to download all your music again if you keep it offline .
this is not a rumor : the notification history is a true feature from android 4.3 , although they do not make any mention of it in their what is new page . the following steps will allow you to take advantage from the notification history in a vanilla android jelly bean 4.3: go to your app drawer , then tap the widgets tab . scroll until you reach settings shortcut ( 1x1 ) widget . drag and drop this widget to your home screen . you will see a screen where you can select the type of settings this shortcut will open . select notifications . the shortcut notifications will be in your home screen , tap it . the screen notifications shows the notification history we are talking about . in this screen currently active notifications appear in full intensity , while dismissed ones are dimmed . tapping in each notification from this screen will open the corresponding app info screen , where you will be able to toggle the option show notifications as you wish . remember : if you turn off notifications for an app , its icon will disappear from the status bar , all its notifications will be dimmed in the notification history screen , and you may miss important notifications about this app from now on . only do this if you are completely sure .
from the linky the op has enclosed , the key part summed it up : tmpfs is supported by the linux kernel from version 2.4 and up . [ 3 ] tmpfs ( previously known as shmfs ) is based on the ramfs code used during bootup emphasis mine , that is what the ramdisk is about ! it enables the kernel to temporarily mount the root filesystem , and continue executing the necessary scripts upon start-up . same applies in this case of android , each and every boot.img that is flashed to the /boot partition , whether by odin , fastboot , kies , sony update software , heimdall , etc , contains the " ramfs code " , which has a directory structure containing , pertinent ones are included : /dev for device files /sbin for system binaries /sys for usage of interacting with the device files after /proc has mounted the boot-up script reads the ramfs directory structure and mounts it after successfully mounting the /system in the very early stage of boot . as in relation to the op 's keyword in the question : create an auto-growing . . . it does not auto-grow per se , rather , its limited by the ramfs structure , and amount of ram available , and more importantly , it disappears on reboot ! the confusion comes from inter-mixing " ramdisk " with " ramdrive " interchangeably , technically a ramdrive , is a swap space in the native swap partition , commonly found on desktop linux if you are thinking of the old dos era , where ramdrive was used , to simulate a disk drive resident in memory , and programs when copied over to that disk , and loaded faster not execute faster , rather than loading from the old mfm/rll disk-drives ( ever see dos directory listing scroll very slowly on those drives ? ) this , was also known as ramdisk as well ! ( to make matters worse , back then , different manufacturers produced ramdrive . sys or even ramdisk . sys ! ) in the case of viewpoint of the linux kernel , both desktop and android , ramdisk is tmpfs , but is not intended for normal users to store data/documents etc as that is exclusively for the usage by the kernel itself ! edit to note @nil 's comment below , you can mount it yes , but it comes with a cost , resources allocated to the tmpfs gets halved and uses up half of remaining of whatever amount of ram left . realistically speaking , it is not an ideal avenue to persue from the viewpoint of android running on devices . that is where the /sdcard comes in , to store user data/documents for that reason alone , hence why i omitted the fact that you can , but then again , why ? what if the end user forgets to save the data to the right place - because that is lost upon reboot !
if you do a cat /proc/filesystems you should notice tmpfs . so if you have access to the mount command , you shoud be able to create a directory ( mkdir MYDIRECTORY ) mount a tmpfs-filesystem there ( mount -t tmpfs tmpfs MYDIRECTROY ) per default a tmpfs-mount will use halv of the available ram on your system . so rather than " auto-growing " you can think of it as " auto-shrinking " - i.e. the more you use it , the less ram will be available . in the worst case your system might start swapping ( which you do not want ) . you can use options to use a different ram-size for that mount .
check the adw launcher . an open desktop , lots of functionalities ( does not replace the notification bar as it is an integral part of the system
that is the stock recovery screen . when you are on that screen ( with the ' dead ' android ) you need to hold the power button and then press the volume up button . that should get you into the recovery . if you install a custom recovery then you will not see this screen , it will go straight into the custom recovery . unless you need to install a custom recovery you can use your phone with the stock recovery .
you can see a list of all apps in Settings -&gt; Apps ( or Applications ) and then select the All tab to see factory-installed apps in addition to downloaded apps .
did you have the required baseband and did you use cwm recovery to install the zip file ? if yes , flash the stock rom again and root the phone , intall cwm and install v2 zip file first and then v2.5 . i have been using cosmic rom v2.5 from the past one month and do not have any issues . you seem to be having issues only because of some goof up during installation . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2503230 he has given the . bin file for the supported baseband . flash it via odin .
at the top of your email you will have star , reply , forward and the 3 dots . underneath that you will have from who , then the time , and to : . on the same line where is shows ( to : ) there is arrow pointing down , click on that and it will expand and show from and reply-to full address . should have no problem seeing ending of addresses now . good luck !
it looks like you can type a few letters of domain name that you want after a space to get other addresses filtered out . in general , you can type several parts of a email address separating them by spaces to find only contacts that contain all specified parts . for example , if you have the following email addresses in your contacts : john.doe@home.com john.doe@work.com john.smith@home.com john.smith@work.com  than you can type something like john.d w or j doe w or even j d w to get only the first one in the auto completion popup .
you could also try to just add the words you use most of the time , even it is from a different language . that is what i do . when i am using one language , and i need a word that is available in the other language , i just type it and add it to my personal dictionary . over time i will have two dictionaries who will probably both have the words i use the most .
swype from swype symbol to q to quickly change between two most recently used languages . http://forum.swype.com/showthread.php?1253-easy-language-change-on-the-keyboard
you can long-press on the letter q to quickly change language on swype
slimport is not supported on the moto g ( nor is mhl ) . you can find a list of compatible devices on the slimport website .
most superuser apps do not allow adb su access by default . depending on the app you used the option may vary in location , but basically you need to go to settings in the superuser app and change it from " apps only " to " apps and adb . " this should allow you to use su in an adb shell .
i use mp3diags to fix the tags after joining the files with mp3wrap , but i am not able to check that repaired mp3 tags will allow the samsung galaxy s3 to play the file , as i do not have one to test with .
no , apps installed outside google play do not affect statistics . those apps are considered to be coming from Unknown sources , and you cannot install them if you do not manually allow ( or check ) them in Settings &gt; Security &gt; Unknown sources .
i am an android developer and this bug drives me nuts . the only thing we have found that always fixes it is to open the main settings app , manage applications , google play app , and then tap the clear data button . then restart your phone and open the app in question and it'll be able to properly check your license .
this does sound like google has messed up your account . one thing i would try : uninstall the apps in question , clear the data for the market , then go into the market again and re-install them .
there is a forum post at xda-developers which details a fairly involved and definitely for the faint at heart . however , do not follow that guide , it is included only for posterity , and there is an easier way to skin your particular cat . at this point , cue the huge disclaimer that a lot of things might go wrong when doing this , and always be sure to follow the instructions as closely as possible . when in doubt , ask . also , while this guide probably will not change much between versions of the recovery tool , always read the official documentation first and use this as a handy checklist . revolutionary whiskey tango foxtrot is revolutionary ? brought to you by the same guys that worked on unrevoked and alpharev which have been traditionally used to root htc devices , revolutionary is a new s-off and recovery tool for next-generation devices . the list of currently supported devices is here . okay , what do i need to do ? download revolutionary . versions for windows and linux are available . windows users : download and install also these fastboot drivers . when downloading , also request a beta key . select your device type , and put in your serial number . if you are running the stock rom , your device s/n should be in Settings-&gt;About Phone-&gt;Phone Identity-&gt;Device Serial Number . if you are running a custom rom , this number might not be there , so you can either check the box your device came from , or ( better ) find it on a sticker below your battery . it is a good idea to also write this down somewhere for future reference . you can find the hboot version of your device , in case there are several , by booting it into recovery mode : turn your device off , then turn it on while holding simultaneously the volume down key and the power button . the hboot version should be visible somewhere on the recovery screen . okay , now you have everything you need . make a backup of your phone . no , seriously , make a backup of your sd card and any application information you had like to keep . contacts , smses , and everything you can think of . better safe than sorry . there are free tools on the market that can help you . if you are going to install custom roms , now would be the time to copy them to the device 's sd card . extract the revolutionary archive in a convenient location on your computer , and run the executable ( revolutionary or revolutionary.exe , depending on your platform ) . connect your device to the computer . remember to enable usb debugging when doing so ( Settings-&gt;Applications-&gt;Development ) . when prompted for the beta key , supply what your key , and then follow the instructions on screen ( basically , confirm a few times that you do indeed know what you are doing ) . it might take a few minutes , and your device will reboot a few times . it worked , and my phone 's not even bricked ! welcome to the club ! flash a snazzy new rom like a king , and enjoy responsibly your newly-gained privileges . some things you might want to do , though : before doing anything else , make a backup of your stock rom from the recovery mode , in case you had like to restore it later ( for example , to take advantage of the device warranty , or when selling it ) . if you are only after a root without installing a custom rom , then you will also need to install the superuser application from the recovery . if you had rather flash a custom rom , you will not need this , most roms also includes superuser as a part of their base install . for information how to install your rom of choice , consult the documentation supplied by the rom vendor .
my motorola defy has this capability . my phone is running android 2.1 . when you hold your finger over the text field , it will pop up a zoomed in window that allows you to move the cursor with your finger to edit text .
.zip files are generally flashable from recovery , odin 's .tars are indeed a completely different format . if flashing a kernel you can convert them relatively easily ( thought i will not get into it here ) but it will not work for a whole rom . you will need to find an odin package . xda is your best bet , but see also : where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ?
you can tar all the content . then , you can use it with odin .
use 7-zip to unzip and repackage as . tar file ( the same way as you had zip files )
following an ota upgrade to android 4.1.1 , this problem appears to have been fixed . on unlocking , the clock widget immediately shows the correct system time .
from your description . . it would appear that the widget is just polling ( ntp to internet timeserver ) , rather than ever trusting the inbuilt ( battery backed ) clock . this could simply be a design decision / flaw .
i would recommend setting up a separate google account for using the play store , which you use only for that purpose . this is more generally a useful , if insufficient response to a lot of google 's connect-everything strategy .
no , there is no other way . you must have a gmail account to download from google play store . from their site : to use google play to download android apps , you will need to have a google account with a google email ( either gmail or a google-hosted domain ) associated with your phone or tablet . if you do not like gmail , you do not have to use it . just disable the syncing for emails , and you will be fine .
there is 1mobile.com. i install this to get most of my apks . then , i delete it because it is like goo play and wants to run all the time . if i want another apk , i reinstall it , get the app , and uninstall . then , there is also : gooapk .netgizom 's appsapk papk apktop etc gooapk should keep you busy for a day or two . i am getting a divorce from googirl myself . and " oh looky " , a sign-in with googirl for posting on a how to not use googirl blog . awesome !
i know the K stands for kitkat , but not sure what the others mean . you might want to check the codenames , tags , and build numbers documentation for more information . KRT16M would refer to android-4.4_r1 , the Initial KitKat version, Nexus 5 (hammerhead) .
per this : . . . the first letter is the release family ( e . g . kitkat ) , second letter is the branch code ( release or testing ) , and the next three characters indicate date code ( quarter beginning in q1 2009 , day number within quarter ) .
sounds like a hardware problem to me , like the internal power supply . fixing would probably require a change of the logic board . if the device is still under warranty , i would just return it as defective .
you can delete this file if you have root : data/data/com.android.providers.contacts/databases/contacts.db you could also try clearing data for contacts storage ( Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications ) . finally a factory reset will do this , but you lose all your user apps and data as well . note : as per ryan 's comment , you will need to shut off contact sync for your accounts if you do not want the contacts to be repopulated .
well , there is this app , imaginatively entitled delete contacts interestingly , does not work on the droid . there are also , of course , some other apps in the " related " area that would appear to do the same thing .
from the home screen hit the menu button and go to settings > applications > manage applications . make sure yo are in the " all applications " tab so you see the system apps and choose " contact storage " and click " clear data " . this will delete all your contacts without disturbing anything else .
my phone is rooted . first i made sure all of my data was correct at www.google.com/contacts . then exported the data ( . csv file ) from google’s web site to my home computer for safe storage . i used the app titanium backup to “wipe data” for the apps contacts 4.0.3 and contacts storage 4.0.3 . next , waited ( approx 1 min ) for my phone to re-sync with google and all of the contacts were restored . finally , i went back into titanium backup and preformed a full back up for apps contacts 4.0.3 and contacts storage 4.0.3 .
my notepad ( aka com.example.android.notepad ) , resident of motorola xt317 ( android 2.3 ) , has a sqlite database living in the phone . download it with adb pull /data/data/com.example.android.notepad/databases/note_pad.db ./Documents 
i did some research and found out that this was pre-installed either by huawei , or my telecom , as it resided in /cust/tata/in/app . the notepad app is too bad as it does not allow anything else other than adding and deleting notes . i solved my problem by manually opening each and every one of the notes , selecting all of them , tapping " copy " and then going to a file manager to open a text file . i then pasted it there , and saved them one by one .
xda has reported that the bootloader is unlocked , and custom kernels have successfully been flashed to the sgsii .
there are at least two apps which correspond with your wishes : scanthing ocr explicitly announces your request ( ocr with tts ) 1 , and also google goggles 2 seems to support it : while the former wants to be paid ( ~eur 4 ) but fully supports what you want , the latter is free -- but i am not sure whether it reads text via tts .
short answer : yes and no . using three accounts will not run the battery down in itself : by far the bigger factor is how much activity there is . to take an example , gmail uses push messages ( via google cloud messaging , gcm ) to notify your phone of new mail , so the phone does not have to repeatedly poll the server for new messages for each account . because of this , adding a new account that never gets any email will have hardly any effect on battery use . otoh , doubling the amount of email you get will have a much bigger effect , because gcm is waking up your phone twice as often . while adding a new account makes little difference on its own , you are probably adding the account because it is going to get mail , so you will end up using the battery more . the same applies to other services too . even for anything that does poll instead of using gcm , android is clever enough to do all the polling tasks at the same time , to avoid repeatedly waking up your phone . this means that checking two accounts uses a little more battery than checking one , but less than twice as much : again , the amount of work it is doing each update ( how much data it is fetching ) is a bigger factor . to address your particular situation , i would guess that the background updates on your phone are not using nearly as much battery as the foreground things you are doing . do not forget you check the battery use of each app in the device settings .
yes many people experienced problems . have a look at : http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/google+mobile/thread?tid=1c21a7e3690388b0hl=en where a google employee is asking for information on the problems people are having and asking them to submit bug reports . here 's the generic bug report link for nexus s with ics : http://support.google.com/mobile/bin/request.py?contact_type=android_bugreport
you can connect through adb and run a backup , does not require root , however the process is different for different phones .
there is no official upgrade to 2.2 for x8 xperia , wikipedia says . you can install a third-party rom , though -- it seems the latest cyanogenmod 7.1 is available for this device . which is even better , considering that rom is based on gingerbread 2.3 instead of froyo .
peculiar . on my gs3 on 4.1.1 , it saves the font size ( i.e. . after closing and opening it again , it is the same size as i set it with the volume key . this may wipe your messages ( find a way to back them up if you had like them ) , but have you tried clearing the messaging app 's data in application manager -> all ?
you could perhaps download a font from the google play store ? i have seen some fonts packs up there . e.g. https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.develop.plugin.fontfeature=search_result#?t=w251bgwsmswyldesimnvbs5kzxzlbg9wlnbsdwdpbi5mb250il0 . some of these will more than likely require your device be rooted . or you can change the size of your phone 's font . to do that go to settings\display\font , you should be ably to manipulate the font . was not much to go on so i hope this helps .
just had the same issue on a note 3 . i was resizing the font by " pinching " the screen . it would not save ; i am stuck with the huge font . so , i used the size volume key instead to resize the font . now , everything works fine .
i have a gs4 vers . 4.3 i had the same problem . but the use of the volume key solves my issue . resized using volume key while in the messaging mode . viola !
i notice this annoyance too . looks like the best solution is to enable volume key text resizing , and leave it enabled . once you disable it , the messages app resets the text size to the huge ( on the galaxy note , that is ) font/bubble size . this will not be noticeable on other phones ; the real cause is that the gnote is big , which is what all gnote owners like about it . : )
unless you had a back-up , it would be impossible to go back to a previous state . however , if you enabled google sync , you can still restore your contacts , calendar , and other google-syncable data . after a factory reset , you will be asked to log-in to your google account again . after which , it may ask you if you want to re-install some apps that you paid for previously . it will not install the free apps ; you may want to install them manually .
there is a new app in the market called " google voice text reader " or " txt2speech " . this will read your google voice text messages aloud . unlike " talkback " , it will not announce every single touch / event etc that happens on your phone , just your google voice messages . https://market.android.com/details?id=com.mikesell.voicereader
you can not do this with google voice . apps such as talkback can only read what you have on your input box . since google did not open their api , we can not really make an app for google voice . you could always copy the message content to your input box but that kind of defeats the purpose of having the feature of text-to-speech .
if in your settings for google voice , you enable the feature to have your voicemail translated to text , then you have the option to : send an e-mail notifying you when you get a text or voice mail , then your reader will read your e-mail notifications and you will get your google voice messages and text read to you .
if you have a stock android phone , or certain more recent versions ( i think gingerbread on ) , then you can use talkback ( either as a separate app or in the accessibility settings ) , which does generic text reading on your phone , and should read most things . it does read any notifications which come through , which should include google voice ( though i am in the uk so i can not actually test this ) . it is designed for blind or partially sighted people , and may not be a perfect fit , but it possibly the best option out there so far . if you want something that does generic reading , then it must be an accessibility app , as only they have permission to read the text from other apps . i do not think google voice exposes an external api , which is why you are not able to find an app which specifically offers this capability .
on xda , in the user profile of astarioth , there is a link mentioned in the " most thanked " tab : https://dl.dropbox.com/s/vprplelu9zx7s2o/kindle_fire_usb_driver.rar?dl=1 ( and this is the xda post thanked for ) . the name of the .rar archive suggests it holds your wanted drivers -- and the quote [ . . . ] uninstall your old kindle usb driver and install this one . confirms my guess : ) now , why did not you find it in your sdk directory , you might ask ? guess that is as it goes with apples and peaches . you assumed google 's android sdk -- while amazon has its own android sdk . and that line most likely referred to the latter , while you have the former installed . also only a guess -- but i would say i guessed right again ? you might want to read setting up your development environment , take a special look at the section installing sdk add-ons . if you work with eclipse , this gives you another source to get to the kindle drivers .
apparently , droidx uses ecryptfs following are mount options on /data/data : rw,nosuid,nodev,noatime,nodiratime,ecryptfs_sig=****************, ecryptfs_cipher=aes,ecryptfs_key_bytes=32,ecryptfs_passthrough  i would imagine this means that encryption key here is 32 bytes , which is 256 bits , which seems pretty good to me .
a few things that will do you good before you start resolving this issue . this issue has been around since cm 9 and has been inherited by cm 10 . while rom manager ( and not cwm ) was the culprit some time ago , the issue has since been resolved by them . the . nomedia file you are looking for should be inside /sdcard/android/data . it may not be there but can not hurt to look for it . have a good file manager with root access installed and have it set up to search for hidden files . i recommend root explorer . okay , enough info . let 's get cracking . follow this and let me know if it resolved your issue . follow everything to the t . do not leapfrog over steps or try to do anything else before you have gone through the entire process . all the best !
as a final resort , i tried doing a full wipe and reinstalling cm10 m1 completely , without restoring any settings or apps from any old installations . the issue still persists ! any files created with my now " old " cm10 installation no longer appear , even when they are moved within a folder where other " new " files are shown and working . switching back to aokp also did not solve the issue , so the issue does not only persist over reinstalls of cm but also across roms . what finally solved this issue for me was reformatting my /sdcard partition with the newest version of cwm recovery . this might not be a very clean solution , but in my case i needed to clean up the sdcard anyway . if formatting is not an option , try the other answer posted here regarding .nomedia files , i had no success with it as i was unable to find those files .
fwiw , i had a similar problem . after installing cm10 , i could see the photos from my previous stock rom on the phone , but not from my pc when plugged in via usb . what i did was i used airdroid to download the files to my pc , delete them using es file explorer , and then re-upload using airdroid .
a screen should appear after you plug the device into your pc , when the device 's usb connection is in " mass storage mode " . make sure to enable usb-mass storage there . this options unmounts the storage from you device and exposes it to the host pc .
here are some instruction for your question : log in as administrator account in windows or any other account with administrative privileges insert your removable disk into the usb port . click start , now right click on my computer and select manage now , click disk management right click on your removable drive partition and select change drive letter and paths under disk management ( you can find your drive easily through size ) change the drive letter some other drive letter like x : or z : which is not reserved by some other drive on windows . done : ) to read more about this try looking : http://www.techyv.com/questions/pc-asks-insert-disk-drive-d
and there is the talking clipboard app available . reads some file formats directly ( such as html and epub ) , even reads pages marked with the " pocket " app ( formerly known as " read it later" ) . can read everything from the clipboard .
there is accessibility under settings that has all kinds of options for the vision impaired ( i believe it installs an app called talk back ) . i am not sure how readily you can use this or for which apps , but i have heard it is very good ( i am not vision impaired - so i have never used it myself - but it might be what you are looking for ) .
download apex launcher-- it has full support for themes and transitions , icons , etc- for icon packs , " adw icons " is a good keyword to use- since apex will use adw icons .
you could also go with go launcher , amongst many other choices .
the official xda discussion for cf auto-root ( the tool op linked ) includes the following line : note that if your device had not been unlocked before , this procedure will wipe all your data ! so to answer your question : does rooting format the /sdcard/ partition ? no , rooting alone will not format the partition mounted at /sdcard/ . when i root for the first time , or root using a tool , could this happen ? yes . when using a tool provided by a third party ( eg : not you or google ) , then you are following the steps their tool defines . when you first gain root , one of the steps involves unlocking the bootloader . this is really only necessary once , unlocking the bootloader will perform a full factory reset , erasing everything .
afaik there is no built-in method to achieve that personalization . i would go with apex launcher by android does available from google play store , to use with android 4.0+ , it is free and among the features you will find : customizable homescreens and grid size scrollable dock infinite and elastic scrolling customizable app and folder icons multiple drawer styles drawer apps sorting hide apps from the drawer enjoy homescreen gestures backup/restore settings and data apex launcher homescreen settings : other features can be found if you go pro .
is there something wrong with the default keyboard on the device ? very odd though that would be marked incompatible for you since it is such a basic app and by google . there are lots of ways developers can put filters on their apps however can even omit specific devices , countries , and carriers if they choose . there are few options you can try from here http://www.howtogeek.com/138500/
it seems that there was a network problem or gmail was blocked in my office which was making the server not respond and giving exception -> couldn't open connection to server. . i tried at home with my wifi and it worked finally .
try downloading a file explorer like es file explorer , find the apk and select it . android should prompt to install from there . the selected answer you are referring to says to download astro - which is another file manager . i am not sure about the default android browser though .
if you have a samsung phone , some of them have separate " internal " and " external " sd storage . if it is on the external sd card , then you need this adress : file:///sdcard/external_sd/yourapp . apk
i heard a while back that all of the text messages you send get kept on your sim card . i just did some quick research and i guess it is true : http://www.pimall.com/nais/phonefilepro.html http://hiddencameragear.com/cellphone-sim-card-file-retriever-recover-calls-texts-history-and-more these devices will allow you to see the contents of the text messages and also the sender and receiver . if you are looking for a way to do it through your android device , then it would be a lot more work . you would have to try to do a data recovery on your hard drive ( which is a lot of messing around ) . even if you did do a data recovery , the chances of you getting any of your text messages back are slim , and if you have encryption enabled forget it .
/data/property/persist.sys.dalvik.vm.lib contains the name of the runtime library you wish to use - libart.so or libdvm.so . so , you can switch back to dalvik like so : adb shell 'echo libdvm.so &gt;/data/property/persist.sys.dalvik.vm.lib' source
my friend had the exact same problem after switching to art on his moto e ( unfortunately the process com.android.phone has stopped ) , and this worked for him : power the phone off , then power it back on . if it gets stuck in a boot loop where it keeps going to the Android is upgrading... screen ( possibly showing the wrong number of apps--for my friend it was showing 19 apps ) , hold down the power button until it turns off , then turn it back on . at this point it should go back to the Android is upgrading... screen , but this time it should show the correct number of apps , finish successfully , and the phone should work normally .
before you un-root i would recommend upgrading to the stable release of cm 6.1 which may fix your problems . if you do unroot you can use appbrain to reload all your apps but you will still have to re-enter in all your settings and what not . if you stay rooted and use titanium backup you can reload all your apps from your sd card with all their settings intact . as far as how to unroot i believe that is going to depend on how you rooted in the first place . i am admittedly not an expert on this but i am sure some others will chime in with some more details .
you cannot just do a factory reset . factory reset removes data and apps , it does not restore the entire os/firmware on the phone . titanium backup is probably the best to backup and restore your apps . the best way to go back to stock would be : install rom manger from the market ( requires root ) open it , click flash clockworkmod recovery , choose your device if it asks click " download rom " , and select the appropriate option ( should be " stock droid " or something ) click the notification when the download completes to install said rom from rom manager . if you had been using rom manager originally , you could have backed up before installing cyanogenmod and you had just have to do a simple restore from rom manager .
your phone is almost certainly not permanently bricked . chances are you can boot into recovery to flash a new rom . worst case , you will have to flash the phone back to stock with rsd lite . that said , there is really no way to unroot the phone or flash a stock rom without having to re-install your apps . you can try flashing a stock rom without wiping data and cache ( or doing a factory reset ) , but it is probably not going to work very well . the major apps for restoring 3rd party apps and their data , like titanium backup , require root . you can use other avenues to re-install apps ( like appbrain ) , but you will have to reconfigure them by hand if you are not rooted . since you say you are having problems , this might be the safest course of action for a large # of your apps anyway . it is just a bear to lose complex configurations or progress in games . since your're already in trouble , the course of action i would recommend is using rsd lite to flash the latest sbf availble -- frg22d in your case . it is available for download from peter alfonso 's site . your phone will update to frg83 via ota . flashing the sbf will wipe all your phone 's data . you may even need to reactivate your phone with verizon , but that is not difficult to do ( just dial *228 and press 1 ) . this will not wipe your sd card , so things like backups you have or pictures/videos/downloads on the sd card will be safe . despite the dire warnings or bricking one 's phone , as long as you do not do something foolish like unplug the phone ( or pull battery ) in the middle of flashing ( or have bad luck with a power outage ) , you should be ok . using sbf to root and unroot @ droidforums if you can still boot into recovery , you can flash the stock roms from there and accomplish nearly the same thing -- though i am not sure it will do things like update baseband . unroot w/o sbf @ droidforums the droidforums guides are very thorough , and their rescue squad group is very helpful .
they are all electromagnetic waves with different wavelengths . there had been no scientific evidence that they are dangerous in the power level used in common appliances , and many researches shows no evidence of danger in the short term studies , however many countries adopts the precautionary approach and advises people to minimize exposure just in case since long term study and study in children has not been conclusive yet ( these kind of studies takes a very long time since they follow their subjects for decades ) , although preliminary results suggests that long term effect may also be of no danger . you are probably more likely to be killed in a car accident then getting a cancer due to mobile phone radiation .
you can check " adb shell getevent " to see which events are coming at the time of this high cpu . that may help .
i have ended up using tasker , it is trivial to create a task to kill a specific application ( google chrome ) , than add a shortcut ( widget ) to that task on the screen . edit : i have actually created a task that not only kills chrome , but restarts it afterwards as well , all in one click :
get a process killing app from the market like ' advanced task killer ' , it will allow you select which processes you would like to kill and then do so by clicking a single " kill " button . warning ! ! of course forcibly " killing " a process is not recommended as it can break your application ( think of what would happen if a process is writing to file and then is suddenly terminated , you could end up with a corrupt asset ! ! ! ) or even , in worse conditions , harm your system . you will either have to wait for it to close by itself or just use a different browser . so the answer is yes , but do not do this .
try starting it in safe mode and see if the led still acts up . . link - http://www.myvusers.com/forums/samsung-galaxy-nexus/10880-safe-mode-galaxy-nexus-samsung.html
you can simply download yahoo ! mail and manage your e-mail as you want .
as roxan already pointed out : what you want is imap for all your e-mail accounts , configured with an android client ( e . g . k-9 mail ) .
if you scroll down the menu bar you can switch from sound to vibrate to silent to sound . this is easy enough for me , is not it ? andreas
it is not possible using the power button long press for the device options menu in 4.0.4 on sg2 . it always reverts back to " vibrate " when changing silent mode , albeit it is possible to press the volume down until it goes into vibrate , and then press volume down again . this takes a bit of time , though , and does not work unless you are past the screen lock . imo , in a perfect world , this should only take one action . conclusion wait for a version update above 4.0.4 and hope they fix this bs . ( also , i friggin ' hate people who think their phone is silent during meetings or seminars , and their phone just keeps buzzing and buzzing and buzzing . it is #*@ ! ing android trolling ! ) hack the only hack i have found to make it work with the power button long press is going to setting > sound > vibration intensity and setting ringtone vibration to zero . however , i am pretty sure that turns off vibration globally , and you will still see that annoying icon for " silence with vibration " when you use silent mode trough the power button . : ( fastest way to mute wipe off the screen lock . flip down the curtain of the notificaions menu , then double tap the sound icon . that will bring you from sound to vibrate , and finally to mute . or get a widget for muting .
i own a xperia phone with ics 4.0.4 , and have no problems going into silent mode ( mute ) . quick ways to go into silent mode ( muting the phone ) : holding the volume down until vibrate mode , then releasing the volume down and pressing it again once more until silent mode ( mute ) holding the power/lock button until a screen appears , then selecting silent mode ( mute ) other ways of muting the phone : going into the Settings &gt; Sound and selecting Silent Mode &gt; Mute going into the Settings &gt; Volumes and completely sliding down the volume bar for calls via Ringtone &amp; notifications
yes , as far as i know you can only connect it to your smart tv or blueray player to play media storage ; like videos , music , photos , etc . i do not think they have live playback for android , but they do for psp go .
although i think micro-usb/hdmi adapter connection is a better option if your phone supports it and you have the required hardware , another option for viewing your screen on the computer is is to use usb debugging mode capabilities , which does not require special hardware beyond your usb cable . essentially , you enable usb debugging mode on the phone . you install the android sdk on your computer . you probably will also have to install usb drivers for your phone model as well that are not the default drivers that do usb folder storage only . and then you download an application called android screencast to your pc and run it . it is slightly laggy , so it is not ideal for , say , watching a video off your phone , but if your screen dies or something , it can be a lifesaver . a detailed tutorial on how to get android screencast up and running is here : http://www.howtogeek.com/howto/42491/how-to-remote-view-and-control-your-android-phone/
this is what developers use to show applications to an audience : http://www.techrepublic.com/blog/software-engineer/project-your-android-phones-screen-onto-a-larger-display/
the way i do it is i connect my phone to my tv by using a micro usb to yellow video input and use my curtis 5.1 dolby surround sound with a female red and white to male audio ( headset connecter ) .
yes , you can connect an android phone to a tv or a computer monitor . at least if you have a new enough tv or monitor , and not a ten year old tv like i do . :- ) my android phone came with a hdmi cable to use when connecting phone to tv . i have connected it many times to my computer however , using a mini usb cable . but i would be able to use the hdmi as well , depending on what i want to do . i am for sure no expert , but i have a sony ericsson experia arc s and i have used it for over a year . i hope that this answer is good enough to offer some help . for newer phone , you may wish to use the following : micro usb to hdmi® mhl adapter reference link : http://www.monoprice.com/products/product.asp?c_id=108cp_id=10833cs_id=1083314p_id=8675seq=1format=2 video link : http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embeddedv=p5tjl_a_wcc in the reference link , it include information such as compatible mobile devices ( which you can retrieve from this link - http://www.mhlconsortium.org/workarea/downloadasset.aspx?id=5055 )
chromecast recently added the ability to cast your phone screen to the tv . most nexus devices have this support via the os , and others will require an update to the chromecast app . this feature is working well with good resolution and a small amount of latency , so if you have one give it a shot .
yes you can . . while the call is active , press the home button . the current call will be minimize on the top notification bar . you can start any other app , while the call is still going on .
basically what you need to do is to install a custom rom on your phone . tweak the rom so that your app is included as a system app . if the user does a factory reset , the systems apps go back to their default state . you will want to test it out , though . i do not know if a factory reset wipes all the data for system apps ( clean slate ) or if it resets it to how the app was when the rom was installed . on top of that , though , a user who steals your phone may install a rom of their own . in that case , you are out of luck . as far as i know , there does not exist a custom recovery that can be password protected ( to keep people from installing another rom ) .
it depends on the phone , the operating system , and apps installed on it . older android phones do not activate the microphone unless it is required by an app ( e . g . phone , voice dictation , etc . ) newer phones such as google 's nexus 5 or motorola 's moto x for example , have a dedicated low-power audio processing module that can be configured to be always on , and listen for particular trigger phrases ( e . g . " ok , google " ) , even when the phone 's screen is off . there are some 3rd-party apps that mimic this functionality on phones without the dedicated sound processors , but at the expense of higher battery drain . generally such features can be disabled within the system or app settings . the religious implications of using a phone are up to you and your particular sect to determine . such discussions are out of scope of this site .
your phone 's mic will be turned off all the time . . it will be activated only when apps which uses mic for working for example talking tom , voice recorder etc and only when making calls
even i get same error when i have slower internet speeds . probably slow internet is the mere problem .
using a cache cleaner , i freed up some cache , netting me a little over 130 mb free space in the app storage . i then updated , and it worked . freeing the cache again after the update , i only had 100 mb left . i also saw that the cache for the play store was about 28 mb , so apparently that is the size of the download for the chrome update . using a disk analyzer , i found out that chrome ( after the update ) uses over 100 mb for the apk ( 103.5 mb ) . what i think happened , is that it downloaded about 28 mb , then unpacked that to 103 mb , then replaced the existing apk with that . so i needed 28 mb + 103 mb = 131 mb to do the update . to be honest , i think that is quite a lot . i am not sure if i will be able to do the next one . also , as noted in my other question , chrome uses quite a lot of data as well . it was at 25 mb when i asked that question , it is now a whopping 28 mb . i have no idea what is in there and no clue how to clean that other than deleting it all , which probably is not a good idea .
if your device supports google tv you could try the google tv remote app
i just briefly read through the manual for your television found at kogan 's website , and as far as i can tell , the only available connection interface other than the typical ir used by remote controls is network-based . that means whatever application you use has to be supported both by the serving device ( i.e. . your tv ) as well as use the local network protocol , much like the netflix application has recently built in . from what i read about droidmote , it is going to be similar to teamviewer , however you have the added downside of needing root , which i understand you are attempting to avoid . i am not necessarily presenting a suggested solution here , but i did want to call out some of the limitations i have spotted while digging . i think you have listed the best out-of-the-box options thus far , so i am afraid i have no additional suggestions beyond . good luck .
there are a number of apps , like remodroid , droidmote , tablet remote and even a number of vnc server , most of them requiring root access , and those that do not require root access have fairly limited features .
i did it like this : go to settings&rarr ; application manager&rarr ; all . there to " internet browser " , click on that and delete that " is default " . when next time started the desktop link asked me for default browser .
head to settings -> apps -> all -> internet -> clear defaults . next time you do a search or open a link , you will be given a choice of which app you want to open it with . select chrome and put a tick in the " make default " checkbox and that should make chrome the default browser .
while j0chn 's description works ( and also does work for other " default apps" ) , it might not be the most user-friendly approach . as android itself does not offer anything else , you might want to pick a helper . default app manager is such a helper : default app manager ( source : google play ) ; click images to enlarge as the screenshots show , this app lists up default apps defined and lets you clear those defaults -- but it also lets you define them .
as others have noted android does not support hindi ( or any other language that requires complext text layouts , except for arabic ) . here is the relevant bug post for hindi on gingerbread : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=12981 you can achieve some form of readability by installing a hindi font , but it will not shape properly . if you can not live with that , than you will need to install third party apps that support hindi . that said , the galaxy 5 and galaxy 3 sold in india ( the indian variant ) does have support for hindi , but not the galaxy s ! bug samsung about it .
you do not need to install fonts , if you want hindi to browse hindi websites . use sett hindi browser : https://market.android.com/details?id=lk.bhasha.sett.hindi it is an exclusive browser for hindi and it displays hindi well in any device having android 2.2 or above .
this xda post has instructions , summarized below : install hinkhoj dictionary and then go sms pro . open go sms , go to " appearance settings " hit " scan fonts packages " go to " conv . list customization " from " conversation list appearance " , choose " time and message font " and select " hindi hinkhoj dictionary " . it will automatically choose the " mangal " font . press the back button 3 times and choose to save the settings . now go to " conversation customization " from " conversation appearance " and change " incoming font " and " outgoing font " the same as above , and save this setting with different name . finally from both of " conversation list appearance " and " conversation appearance " apply the user defined settings as your saved name . exit the application and reboot your phone .
unfortunately samsung has not installed hindi font on the indian variant of the galaxy s . but there is a workaround . for this you will need root access . you can replace the droidsansfallback . ttf file which is located in /system/fonts/ on your phone with the font mentioned in the first post of this link http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=798380 . restart and enjoy . : )
there is no support for hindi or any other indian languages built-in , in all android versions up to and including froyo ( 2.2 ) . gingerbread ( 2.3 ) does support hindi as a language according to this post if you are looking for a hindi keyboard , you will need the hindiime apk from samsung - they are usually installed on phones that samsung sells in india . as a workaround , use opera mini for android - it renders unicode devanagiri fonts correctly .
if you disable the Off-road mode in opera then it plays the video rather than downloading it .
install call master . create a list of important people and set actions normal . create a list for everyone and set actions to mute . create a profile and put 1st list on top and 2nd list at bottom ( the sequence matters ) . at the time of your requirement of question , just activate the profile of step 3 . the app requires root access to block calls silently , but i am not sure that root access is required to mute or not . i have not tested it on a non-rooted device . if your device is not rooted , first test it with the trial of the app available in play store .
the short of it in tasker is to create a new profile as follows : new profile : context : time from : 22:00 to : 6:30 context : state> phone call type : incoming number : c:fav ( this is any starred contact , you can also list specific contacts if you like ) task new action : audio setting > ringer volume level : 7 exit task new action : audio setting> silent mode mode : on i will try to update later with screenshots and more in depth walkthrough .
i recommend sanity which is free and open source . it has many calling-related features , such as call filtering by caller name , that you can set it to get silent when some people call you . these two features , copied from description of the app , would really help you : . . . block unwanted calls and sms : automatically refuse incoming calls and sms filtering out the phone number ( include or exclude anonymous and/or unknown numbers , favourites , contacts and groups ; enable the block by choosing date and time ) ; advanced : choose between different block methods to confuse the caller ! urgent calls : choose what phone numbers your phone will ring or vibrate also when it is in silent mode . . . .
call filter alarm appears to do that . do you use your smartphone as alarm ? do you want to choose the people who can contact you while sleeping ? if you simply leave you smartphone turned on , you risk that anybody can wake you up , or . . . you use call filter alarm ! using this innovative app , you can define all the alarms you need with the possibility to specify , for every single alarm , who can call you , shutting up all other calls / sms notifications and intelligently manage wifi activation / deactivation , data usage , offline mode . how it works : define the alarm choose who can call you ( if needed ) before going to sleep , enable sleep mode your phone will ring only for who you decided . other calls / sms will happen in silent mode and you will be able to see them as lost when you will wake up . in addition to the particular call and sms filters feature , using call filter alarm you can : intelligently manage wifi activation / deactivation , data usage , offline mode , silent mode with a single button : the sleep mode personalize sleep mode as you want set tone , volume and vibration for allowed call and allowed sms set volume , volume increment , snooze , tone ( music or ringtone ) , vibration for every single alarm in addition to application level daily alarm repetition incremental alarm volume multilanguage ( english and italian now available )
relatively new app : criticall pro ( trial version ) criticall allows you to easily set “critical” contacts so your phone will ring when those contacts call or text , even when your phone is on silent . features phone rings when critical contacts call you – even when phone is set to silent ! works for texts set as many “critical” contacts as you want scheduler - set custom times for contacts groups unlimited number of groups ( friends , family , work , clients , etc ) unlimited number of contacts within each group change settings once to change the settings for all contacts in the group customizable ringtones and notifications adjustable auto-resume feature will reactivate criticall automatically
it sounds like the bootloader on your tablet is still locked . by default , most android tablets will only boot and run stock recovery images and roms , for security . it verifies that the rom is signed by the original manufacturer ( or the carrier , for carrier-branded devices ) . you need to unlock the bootloader to let it know you want to run an unofficial image . see the bootloader-lock tag for more details , and a starting point to find out how to unlock the bootloader on various devices .
look netimen , i particularly do not know much about slimkat rom but what works for other android devices is that if you have a spot for micro sd card then what you do is that you transfer every possibly movable app to your sd card . to do that go to settings> app manager . now choose the apps you want to move and if there is an option for move to sd card click on it . the app had been moved . now if you want other files also to go to sd card , head over to your file manager and simply move the apps . this will make a lot of free space in the internal memory of your device . hope it helped :d . thanks is always appreciated .
well u did not specify your android os so let 's go by the default answer basically in android device the operating system ( jelly bean , kit kat ) occupies a lot of space for the phone to operate ( drivers for wi-fi , hd display etc . ) and remind you its pre determined and can also vary after an update . due to which the internal memory will decrease after the update takes place . to increase the internal memory there is no way without downgrading the operating system of your phone as the storage space of the operating system is reduced . another way would be to move all your applications to the sd card storage which will boost your speed as well as memory .
you cannot unlock your bootloader without also wiping your data . backup your data , either manually or using an app . you also need a computer to perform the unlock process because it is performed while your device is in fastboot mode ; before the android os is even started .
on the other note , i also thought that c2dm might have been used to do this , but since my personal device uses 2.1 and c2dm is available to devices having 2.2+ , the possibility of use of c2dm is quite less . it is actually quite plausible for 2.1 market to use c2dm . gtalk , gmail , and many other google apps have always used c2dm internally ( even before it is named c2dm ) . in 2.1 , c2dm exist as gtalk service . in 2.2 , google opened the c2dm api for external developers since they realized that 1 ) most app developers does not have the resources to create a reliable push notification service , 2 ) a unified push service would save battery , 3 ) reliable instant push service is a good selling point for android .
i would think that the market has its " own " push notifications implemented . when i installed a couple apps from the page , they installed almost immediately . this is not the phone asking if there are installs pending , this is the market site pushing the info directly to the device . if you disable sync , it will stop push notifications too .
i would say your friend is making fun with you . if it is a system app ( and there is usually a camera pre-installed that way ) , it cannot be uninstalled without root access ( so you cannot have " accidentally uninstalled " those apps ) . he most likely disabled camera and gallery . go to settings → apps select the " all " tab ( to list pre-installed apps as well ) scroll the list to find your camera app . check whether it is marked " disabled " . if so : tap that entry , hit the " enable " button , done . repeat previous step for your gallery app
if you do a factory reset , the stock camera app should return . the reset option is located under settings > backup and reset menu . you can also try third party camera apps as suggested by itsmevpawan .
you can try 3rd party app from store like " google camera " . . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.googlecamerahl=en or if you are rooted . . then download . apk file of the camera app and paste it into system folder and change its permission to read only . then finally , reboot . done .
dell voice aka fongo gives you a number . set up your number , log in , and run the app from any device .
let 's get this right the first time , shall we ? : ) several options that are offered so far seem to indicate a third-party app will be doing the dialing . however , dependent upon your geographic location , you may be able to activate the native dialer in the google nexus s . before proceeding , you will need to : 1 ) be based in the united states ( there are ways around this . . . ! ) , and ; 2 ) have a phone number registered for use within the united states ( required ) . 3 ) grab a beverage of choice . 4 ) not be busy for the next 45 minutes . tell everyone to pfo ( please fone others ) . 5 ) remove your sim-card from your google nexus s . let 's begin ! i : get google voice via web sign-up 1 ) get a google voice account . when going through the setup portion , you need to confirm a secondary number with the account . use your phone number that you have with your $20/mo phone . 2 ) grab an area code that you like ( as gvoice calls currently are free throughout usa and canada , but this may change ) . 3 ) goto settings , and enable google chat as a client that can make and receive phone calls . what if i have a us-based cellphone , but i am in country other than USA ? use a proxy or tor-based service , cloak your exit location with a us-based proxy , and sign-up for the service . btw , your welcome . ii : get google voice via android market 1 ) find " google voice " in the android market . alternatively , you can also find the * . apk with a quick google search if you can not access the installer via the market . 2 ) install " google voice . " 3 ) when asked about how you want google voice to process calls , select " as every time i make a call . " you can use other options , but just stick with this . iii : get sipdroid ( i-p-tel gmbh ) via android market 1 ) find and install sipdroid via android market . 2 ) open the program . upon first run , you will see the magical button at the bottom of your screen , which may be covered by a keyboard . get rid of the keyboard by pressing the back button or hide keyboard button . 3 ) tap the " new pbx linked to my google voice " button . at this point , you will be linking a free sip account with your google voice account . also , as passwords must be the same between accounts , the following situation happens : you are based in the united states the pbxes . org servers are in germany ( ? ) , and will ask permission to use your credentials to login to your google accout via their servers this causes google to think someone has hacked your account in germany . if you get this , do not worry . 4 ) get details for your sipdroid account credentials . username : it will be username-200@pbxes . org . ( the "-200" comes right after your username ) password : whatever password you used to register for the service . ( btw , my pw is hunter2 , but you should see stars . hahaha . ) 5 ) uninstall sipdroid iv : confirm account via pbxes . org 1 ) login to pbxes . org with your credentials ( from section iii , step 4 ) . 2 ) after login , go to " personal data " ( on the left-hand side ) . if you do not want your account deleted in 1 week , fill this out . fill out with your details , or use dummy data if you wish . i am sure alice , bob , john and jane doe have multiple accounts . . . : ) 3 ) goto Extensions , then Sipdroid &lt;200&gt; . in Device Options , you will see a password field . the password here has to match your google voice account . that way , pbxes can login to google voice . you can also set up your caller id here , so go crazy . 4 ) optional , but strongly suggested : make sure that the password to login to the web interface of pbxes . org is different from the one to your google voice account . v : putting the sip service on your nexus s this is where it get 's serious . actually , it is pretty easy . 1 ) go to your phone dialer . 2 ) tap the menu button to get Settings . 3 ) scroll down to INTERNET CALL SETTINGS , and tap Accounts . 4 ) check Receive incoming calls . yeah , you can be a jerk and only use your phone to call out , but what about the people who want to phone you ? just check it . unless you do not want anyone calling you . and if that is the case , why are you even following this guide ? 5 ) tap the menu button and tap Add account . Username and Password is what was listed in section iii , step 4 . Server is pbxes.org check Set as primary account tap Optional settings . at this point , check to make sure Transport type is TCP , and that your Port number is 5060 . you can probably use another port , but it seems to work . oh wait , port 5060 is the official sip port . go to : en . wikipedia . org/wiki/list_of_tcp_and_udp_port_numbers and search 5060 . so you use 5060 , and life will be good . do not be smart and say " i will use port--" no ! this is not a storm , you are not a sailor going to another port . you will use 5060 , and you will be happy with the choice . alternatively , port `5061' is sip over tls , but i have never used that and i am not sure if it would work . 6 ) save the account . vi : testing the phone if you have gotten this far without errors or crying , then try calling a number . 1 ) dial your number . from now on , dial with the following format : 1 - areacode - XXX - YYYY  that way , you do not have to worry about whether or not it is a local call or long-distance call . at this point , a nifty popup will show . it will state Complete action using . select Mobile Data , and tap Just once . that way , you can make it permanent after it works properly . 2 ) now you get something that pops up saying [warning triangle] Place call . you will tap ' internet call ' , as you ( i ) do not have a sim card in nexus s . at this point , it will dial the number . when connected , there will be a bit of an echo . why ? well , your call is probably routed the following way : it sound like there is a delay and echo yeah , because you are voice is going half-way around the world . always pause to let the other person finish . do this on your side by waiting 2 seconds before and after any speech . but i do not want delay it is free for north america ( us+cad ) . icing on top ? if you have a vpn based in either canada or the united states , have your android use that connection . that way , you can be in the uk , have a vpn connection to the us and phone someone in us or cad . friend : " where are you ? " you : " in whatever country via VPN connection" friend : " are not you paying a lot ? " you : " yes . can you wire me usd$100 ? i am in central australia right now , and the wifi from this wild dingo sucks . " friend : " . . . " you : " yes , the dingo has wifi . it is got a coin slot in it is butth--" friend : " i have got to g--" . you : " ok , bye . " friend : " bye . " the end
viber is a free call and messaging app . both parties should be on wifi to make this work .
it is not possible to have the same number on two different phones . on your nexus s , you could install skype . that will give you free voip for skype-to-skype calls . you do not need a number for this , just an internet connection ( and a skype account , which is free ) . take note , however , skype to mobile / landline is not free . for other alternatives , search for voip in google play . edit #1: i looked around and found ipkall . it gives you a free washington number . is this the kind of service you are looking for ?
i had the same issue . so , after a lot of work and tests , i have discovered that what was causing the issue was the prey app . do you have the pray app ( or similar ) installed on your device , perhaps ? after i have removed it , the dialer came back to work normally . hope it helps .
i do not really know a real solution for your problem , because i cannot remember when i had to accept that ( too long ago ) . but i have some suggestions you could try : try to wait , maybe there is some kind of interval before the button appears try to use the menu option , maybe there is a menu option for accepting the tos ( i doubt it though ) contact samsung support , maybe they have already encountered this problem before
try launching it and waiting a bit - eventually , it should turn into google play and you can accept the terms fine .
this is a little bit strange , what you are writing , because i have exactly the same Samsung Galaxy Tab GT-P1000 right here , with me , and i see absolutely no problems . i just did a factory reset of this device , to test your issue . i taped on Market icon . tabled asked me to provide my google account details , what i did . right after that i saw license text and buttons to accept and decline , in the bottom of the screen . note : these buttons are not in the end of license text , instead they are always floating on the screen , so you can always see them , no matter , where in the license text you are . after clicking Accept my tablet automatically updated Market icon to Google Play icon and shown me on-screen information about this change . i have been doing this ( factory reset , license acceptance and Market to Google Play update ) at least few times and have never encountered problems , like you described . if you still unable to see that Accept button or access Market / Google Play service , then i fear that factory reset of your device is the only option you are left with .
no , there is no common shortcut to close/exit any program . the " android way " is to let the os decide when to actually close/exit an application . just hit the " home " button or the " recent apps " buttons to switch to another application when you are done with the current application , or tap the physical power button to turn off the screen . the os will take responsibility for deciding when to suspend and when to terminate a background application . it generally does a good job of this , but some people cannot stand this behavior and so install task manager applications to explicitly terminate background applications .
if you pull down the context menu from the top , and select the notification that it is plugged in with the usb device , you should be presented with different options for how you want the phone to treat your usb connection . select the media device ( mtp ) option and you should now be able to browse the files on your phone just like you would any other usb data device .
you can transfer music to your device using windows media player on windows 7 and windows vista . connect your device to your pc using the supplied usb cable . on your galaxy s3 , go to Settings &gt; Developer Options &gt; USB debugging . open windows media player and click the sync tab on the right . your device should be shown in the sync screen . drag the music tracks you want to sync to your device to the sync list on the right . when you have added all of the tracks , click the start sync option at the top of the screen . when the synchronization is complete , you can disconnect the cable from either your computer or your device . source .
i had a cable which worked well ( charge and data transfer ) until the upgrade to jelly bean 4.1.2 . since the upgrade it will not work and i have to change the cable to labelled data transfer only , so i suggest trying a different cable .
i had the same problem with the phone not being recognised by pc . i tried everything ( uninstalling , usb cable , debugging , kies etc , etc ) . it finally worked after turning off phone and taking out battery ! could not believe it ( but happy now ) .
a few days after i got the android 4.1.1 ota update and rooted it my galaxy s3 failed to recognize the usb connection . removing and then reinstalling the battery allowed my galaxuy s3 to recognize the usb connection . the android file transfer still did not work until i uninstalled kies . now it is working . i appreciate the posts .
this will not help the op , but may help others . i had the same problem , no help with battery removal/power cycling or developer mode usb debugging , etc . finally realized i was using a third-party usb cable ( freebie from costco ) . when i used the samsung cable from the box , it started working again . costco cable still does not work .
i tried a different usb cable and it all came together and started working .
what seems to work for me is ticking the usb debugging box in the developer options . i have been trying all sorts of tricks ( including some of the above , and more ) , but nothing helped . this one does ! hope this will solve your problem . . .
from within jb , unplug cable from handset and follow this : go into settings > about phone scroll down to the bottom now tap on the build number 7 times , to activate the developers options . now the developer 's options is activated ( it is deliberately hidden from settings ) , back out of that screen , developers options should be present , then tap that , look for debugging , tap on usb debugging to put a check-mark on that . then try plugging in the usb cable to handset . . . : ) addendum : even if the usb debugging is selected , un-select it and re-select it . this worked for me .
i have had the same problem with my s3 ever since the update to jb 4.1 . my pc would not recognize my s3 and the phone would not go into the usb debug mode only charging indicator when i plug the usb into the phone . i have solved mine by erasing all cache for apps . not sure which app it was but right after i cleared all my cache i plug it into the pc and it started working again . kies works and usb debugging works .
oh , and something else . . . the " developer options " is not hidden in settings . i found it plain as day listed in the settings menu when i clicked on " more options . "
i just had the same problem tonight . all of a sudden my pc would not recognize my s3 when i connected via the usb . i tried the usb debugging first and restarting . . . did not work . i popped the battery out and restarted , and the usb icon showed up . hope that helps . thanks for all the helpful troubleshooting ; )
i had the same issue and removing my battery and power cycling the phone allowed the computer to recognize it again .
have you checked permissions on your machine ? i have had problems accessing my device over usb because of permissions when i connected a device over usb to a linux box .
here 's what worked for me . i do not know what caused it , but i suspected an exchange server policy triggered it . i deleted those accounts just in case . then i rebooted into recovery mode ( volume up + home held down at boot ) . from the recovery menu , i wiped the cache partition . when it came back up , it saw the usb connection just fine again .
i had this problem after updating as well . i can only presume it was from updating ; i had no issues earlier . my problem was the usb ports on my keyboard and the front panel of my pc would not recognize my s3 . so , i plugged it into the back , and it reinstalled the drivers . it works fine now ; not sure how or why but who am i to argue .
if you have not figured it out by now . the easiest way to fix this is to power your phone down , remove the battery , wait about 30-60 seconds , then put the battery back into the phone . i have had a similar issue and this has fixed it just about every time .
open the camera app and press the button that looks like a camera with a circular arrow under it . ( original picture from this article about ics on thetechlabs.com )
applications normally store their data in /data/data/com . foo . bar but you will not have access to that via adb on an unrooted device , by design . i do not think there is a way around that without rooting the phone .
that is a broad topic , and hard to answer in short -- as it involves many aspects . as devofzot already pointed out , apps store their " private data " below /data/data/&lt;package_name&gt; -- a place usually only accessible by the app itself and root . but there are some other places as well , where apps e.g. save their cached data , temporary data , downloads , and more . some good places to start your investigation include : the file-system tag-wiki plus most frequented file-system questions , including questions like e.g. where in the file system are applications installed ? where on the file system are sms messages stored ? highest voted " processes " questions , with things like e.g. how to find application that is opening proccesses is there a way to list all intents and all processes associated with them ? how to find pid of battery service ? why is google maps always running in the background ? the shell tag-wiki and its most frequented questions , like e.g. how can i use shell commands and interact with the linux system underneath ? how can i run a script on boot ? where can i find documentation for shell commands ? as you can see , here at android enthusiasts ( and on other stacks as well ) , tags are a good place when looking for general information : from the navigation bar on top , follow the tags link . on the page that leads you to , you can filter the pretty long list to find those tags which might be of interest to you . move your mouse over the tag-of-interest , and from the popup select " info " . this brings you to the wiki of the corresponding tag , which often contains first-aid and other useful information . from there , use the navigational links to discover most-frequented , highest-rated , and otherwise sorted questions using this tag . you will easily find your way from there , using further links -- be it " amazon-style " links like " questions tagged this were also tagged that " , related questions ( automatically selected by our friendly droids -- ahem , robots ) , or questions manually linked by users . enjoy your research ! btw : if you want to dig even deeper , a good book is andrew hoog 's android forensics and mobile security . it not only explains file structures and how apps work , but also shows weeknesses , attack vectors , and more -- using good examples and a linux vm : )
i had rooted my mobile . but as i dint read the instructions properly regarding installation of new rom , i had hardbricked my mobile . i thought it would not be repaired under warranty . but one question came to my mind : when i can not switch on my phone how will others do ? however , i gave my mobile to service center within two days . but when i went in search of an answer for my question , i realized the company could find out if a mobile is rooted or not . in the end , that did not really matter for me because i got my mobile back ( repaired under warranty ) . the thing is it does not really matter for a company whether the mobile is rooted , because if they succeed to know if your mobile is rooted then its for sure that motherboard can be accesed through some sort of method that company uses . when they can access it they can surely wipe the data out of it . so i guess it is not that risky to get your mobile repaired under warranty – but as someone said in the above comments , one should be good in gambling while dealing with this sort of problem .
i can tell you 100% with all fact if you return your phone , bricked or rooted there is nothing they can or will do about it . this is only if you send it in and not take it to the store . i would never take a bricked phone to the store - the employees are like us ; they tend to play with this rooting as well and more likely to catch on and void your warranty . the phones are simply opened from your return box , torn apart and not tested for anything as they can not send out a phone that has been used by another user -this is why they all look brand new when you receive your replacement . the housing is stripped and the main board pulled out ( end of your concern ) and put into a bin where they are simply reprogrammed . if anyone tries to sell you on anything different they are lying to make your day harder or uneducated . i will let you think about what i just stated and am sure you will see exactly what am referring too . i have a friend that has worked for both samsung ( still ) and motorola back in the day with a few at verizon and at and t
imo it is neither within the carrier 's moral nor legal duty to warrant damages caused by the owner 's mishandling . some carriers/shops might decide to do the replacement anyway because the cost of investigating these cases are often higher than replacement , but unless it is explicitly stipulated within the warranty contract , do not expect it as an entitlement . while in some areas , there are now laws to protect customers from carriers voiding warranty simply because of rooting , it does not mean that you are entitled for replacement if you damaged the phone because of improper rooting . the law ensures that you will still be eligible for warranty if you rooted a damaged phone because you received a damaged phone in the first place . however if it is an improper rooting or improper use of root privilege that caused the phone to be damaged than it would not be fair to require carriers to replace the phone . mind you , i personally believe that selling a phone with an overzealous locking measures that cannot be unlocked by a reasonably knowledgeable customer is selling a damaged goods ( akin to selling a house without a front door ) , but i am not sure of any places where the law has caught up with this . ianal .
take your bricked phone to a store not manufacturer . i just bricked my htc one trying to install different language stock firmware and took it directly back to the htc service centre in my city ( shanghai ) . it was stuck in a boot loop after an ota ( root and unlock boot loader and change rom had worked fine until ota ) . first thing they checked was if my phone was rooted . it was re-locked and s-off . although it could still turn on and be used - just not do ota updates - got told by service centre that as it was rooted warranty void ( 5 day old phone ) . fixing it would require change of logic board they said . wtf . in end i " agreed " with them to replace whole phone for cost of changing logic board . cost me $300 . feeling scammed .
i am not sure there is a good answer to this . as you have seen from your own research , experiences vary . therefore , if you send in a rooted or otherwise modified phone , you may have a problem . if you unroot / unmod it before you send it in , then you are much less likely to have problems . in your case , with it being hard bricked , you probably do not have much of a choice . of course , it is possible they will not be able to tell that you fouled it up ( because , if they could , they had likely have nothing to do with it ) . so i think it comes down to this . . . how much of a gambler are you ?
i am not sure it would be legal for them to discriminate on warranty just because a phone is rooted . however , there are some " void your warranty " things you could do when rooted ( such as overclock way high , etc ) . you might find a tool on xda to restore an original rom , i did once for a bricked phone . they may have such a tool in-store too .
the answer is . . . it depends . as a rough equivalent between android and windows pcs : ram = ram internal storage = c : drive external storage = d : drive etc . . . allocation of ram works differently in android , vs . say windows or unix . the usual notion of more is better does not necessarily correlate here . as i understand it , it is diminishing returns once you go beyond what is required . android basically tries to keep the apps/files you use most cached in ram . swapping in and out as it finds necessary . once you are beyond what is needed , then it seems like android just starts caching random and useless things . that is why if you use a task manager on your phone there always seems to be " stuff " running that you might feel inclined to just kill and free ram . . . but there is a lot of debate that says you should leave it alone and let the android os handle it . as for internal storage , i personally go for the biggest i can get in my budget . the android os files go there , all your settings , music , photos , and apps by default are installed here . nowadays though internal storage offerings from manufacturers are larger and larger and options to put files on external storage are getting better and better . considering today 's offerings and requirements , i would personally suggest when buying a new phone to get : at least 1gb , 2gb preferred ( as new apps with more bells and whistles come out , their ram footprint also increases . 2gb is still probably way more than most average people need , but it is quickly becoming the standard on newer phones anyway . ) internal storage at least 16gb ( again , as new apps come out with more bells and whistles and cameras with higher megapixels and recording high definition movies , they all keep demanding more space . the more you have now , the less you will have to deal with later if you have to start cleaning up or moving things off to external ) get whatever the cheapest option offered with the phone ( if it is offered ) ( buying the external storage from a 3rd party is much less expensive and likely faster and more reliable ) .
secondary storage does not really effect standard performance , since most memory written and fetched is in ram . secondary storage should be seen as a priority in terms of managing space and resources and to help increase access time , but the real performance is dependant on architecture design of the system , ram , and cpu speed , cache , and other factors weighing in . also , secondary storage is for storing data so it remains there when you turn the phone or , battery dies , etc . ram is electronically erased when there is no power in its capacitors , and all data fetched , retrieved , executed , or otherwise executing is gone . secondary storage is non-volatile , so the data remains on it . think of it as a drawer where you put stuff in , but takes time to open and move stuff out of . think of the top of the dresser as ram , where you are always moving stuff . . .
the internal memory is where most things are stored by default such as : apps , music , pictures , and any other things that require to work offline at times . external storage handles the same things , except it can be removed from the device and usually serves as extra space if you want to install several apps , keep lots of music , or take tons of pictures , etc . you also might have to specify if you specifically want things stored on the external memory . the internal ram is the same as that on a computer and just allows process to run faster as there is more memory for them to access when they need it quickly . you ideally want the most of everything , but all phones are going to have much less ram compared to internal and external storage . this is all very similar to the way computers handle things too . the computer has a small bit of ram , and then a much larger hard drive .
no . if you have a custom recovery that supports adb / root , you can boot into it and use adb to remount /system as read-write and push the missing file over . but otherwise you do not have access to most of the phone .
look in /system/app/ for com.sonyericsson.extras.liveware.apk or similar . remove it and any . odex file with the same name if present and that should get rid of it . ( note that i have no idea if this is required by the system or will otherwise screw up your phone , so do it at your own risk . )
like al said , it is most likely a hardware problem , but to address the title question : you can roll the notification area up with the back button .
download the latest recovery image for your device : international htc one x at and t htc one x connect your phone to computer via usb cable . boot your phone into bootloader and issue : fastboot flash recovery path/to/your/recovery.img boot your phone into recovery . mount sd card to usb in twrp recovery or use adb push to copy your custom rom . zip file to phone . install your custom rom from . zip file in twrp . extract boot . img from root of your rom . zip file to your computer . connect your phone to computer via usb cable . boot your phone into bootloader and issue : fastboot flash boot path/to/your/boot.img restart your phone to see if it can boot okay now .
have you enabled searchify as a ' searchable item ' under the global search settings ?
install droidmote server on the one you want to be controlled and droidmote client on the one with which you want to do the controlling .
when you tap google in your accounts list , the first option shows your user mail . tap that and you will see a list of services which are getting synced . untick contacts and make sure gmail is checked .
try bluestacks and tell us how it goes .
try youwave or bluestacks , both works just fine and smooth too .
you can install the xposed framework on a rooted device . there are numerous modules that will enable softkeys on the device . have a search in xposed in the " downloads " section for " softkeys " . one example is here and it has the android l style soft keys . in case the article goes down here 's the xda thread with the apk
google play services is a library used by other google and third-party apps . it allows apps to use : google maps layers to show maps in other apps google+ sign-on and sharing the new google+ gaming functionality for match-making , leaderboards , and to store saved games " in the cloud " google cloud messaging to sync data from the internet to your device efficiently location services to set up " geo-fences " so they can respond to locations and activities more efficiently than if they accessed your location directly it is a lot of functionality that could have been made part of android itself , but making it a separate library allows google to update it directly , so app developers can rely on it being up-to-date on every device : unlike android itself , which some manufacturers and carriers do not bother to update for older devices . if you were to remove it , any apps that rely on it would stop working or behave unpredictably .
there are a couple of phones that support usb host mode . you could check the compatibility list of the app " dslr controller " over here : http://dslrcontroller.com/devices.php in the column " how to connect " are links to an adapter cable which enables you to connect a camera to your phone . if your phone is listed there or you verify via outher sources that your phone supports usb host mode then you could try one of the cables listed there . after that you would need an app that enables you to mount the camera storage so you can access it . today i ordered one of those cables and will try to connect a cardreader to my phone ( samsung galaxy s gt-i9000 ) . will post further updates once the cable arrives .
have you tried fat16 ? as far as i am aware , the standard format for all sd cards is fat16 , so it should work for tablets as well . also , could it be that the system that you use to connect your drive to your galaxy tab is broken ?
i noticed that the problem is with the word completion feature . just set it to hide all suggestions and it will stop annoying you . the option to hide is available in the android keyboard configuration .
i downloaded a different keyboard then disabled the aosp keyboard in settings> apps> all apps> android keyboard aosp> disable . if your really screwed like i was you will have to scrole through the top apps in the market until you find a keyboard to download since you can not search anything .
solution : install proper version of " google aplication " . cm 10.1.3 needs gapps 20130812 . read : http://wiki.cyanogenmod.org/w/gapps for more info .
here 's a few tips for troubleshooting : go to system settings > apps > click android keyboard ( aosp ) . clear data . clear cache . if that does not work , and you have a custom recovery , reboot into recovery and clear the entire cache , clear davlik cache , and go to advanced > fix permissions . other than that , you could try uninstalling and reinstalling from google play or downloading a different keyboard .
try to use ntfs-3g . over it you add device , then you need mount you device to some mount point . this util simply compiled for arm .
cyanogenmod does not support ntfs . you would have to compile your own kernel module for the cm kernel in order to mount ntfs . edit for you comment about the paragon app : using an app like that is different then actually mounting it in android . if it does not work with your drive , it is an issue with the application , not cm7 . the app is implementing the ntfs protocol within the application . if it fails to mount , then there is a problem with the application . there are lots of reviews for the app that say " did not work with x " , so it seems you are not the only one that has issues . your only option is to contact the developer and send them the problem you have , so they can fix it . in response for your edit #1 and edit #2 you will not be able to mount with mount android does not have a kernel module that supports ntfs . as i said above , the reason that you can mount it within the app is because the app developer implemented the ntfs protocol in their application . Invalid argument means that the filesystem type you are trying to mount is not supported by mount . No medium found means that it does not see that dev block or cannot access it . it also sounds like the problem may be that the hdd you are trying to mount requires different drivers to communicate with the hdd controller . sounds like you are able to get flash drives to work , and that is because they are probably using a " standard " communication , while the hdd could be using something non-standard , or has a different chipset and is not supported by default by the kernel .
i think its possible , but you will need to read the datasheets and the pinouts for the ribbon cable and the vga that is if you want to make it yourself . . otherwise , i think you can purchase a ready made one from the shops e.g. ebay . here are a couple of links that might help : http://forums.bit-tech.net/showthread.php?p=1888439 http://www.ebay.co.uk/sch/i.html?_kw=vga+ribbon+cable then you can purchase a vga to hdmi convertor cable .
i had this problem some time ago . it went away after i flashed kitkat as i did notwant to wait for ota update . try rebooting or write what you already did to try solve the problem
i have had that problem too . i have just power cycled the device , which always fixes it , which leads me to believe it is software . i have it set to show touches , and it would either not show the touches , or they would show up after a delay . to determine if it is software , look to see if it happens at roughly the same time everyday , or after running specific software , then it is most likely software related . i have turned on " show cpu usage " , which is only mildly invasive , and should be sufficient to show if cpu utilization spikes when responsiveness issues come up .
mine started the same way until one day the touch screen would not respond at all . the buttons worked but that was it ! i could not do a thing . i believe one of my pets ( a heavy cat ) who to my horror loves to lie on top of warm things may have done something to the sensors . that is just my speculation . since it was only 4 months old , i was able to get an rma from asus and got it back with all it is software and data intact in 3/4 weeks . the only thing is that they make you pay for the shipping which i find a bit cheesy but it was not much . i hope yours is still under the one year warranty . if not i would open it up ( there are videos on youtube ) and try to see if something came loose . good luck .
you can try to diagnose the problem yourself , or at least get a little more info by turning on a couple of developer diagnostics . in settings , scroll down to developer options . under the " input " section , check " show touches " . this will cause a small ( white ) circle to show on the screen where ever you touch it . if you do not see the circle ( which might be under your finger , so look carefully ) , you know it did not register your touch . if you see the circle lagging , then you know it registered your touch and is just being slow for other reasons . under " monitoring " , you may want to turn on " show cpu usage " and " strict mode enabled . " " show cpu usage " will show you what is running as a little overlay in the top right of the screen . the top line of the display shows the system cpu load . see this excellent write up of what the load numbers mean . if the load is high , your little nexus-7 " strict mode enabled " will " flash screen when apps do long operations on the main thread . " if your screen flashes , then you know something is hogging the cpu .
its hard to tell if it is infact hardware or software . since it is happening at certain intervals my guess is hardware . if it is happening with a certain 3rd party application you should have nothing to worry about . also , have you upgraded the latest version of jelly bean ? if so and the problem is still persisting i would recommend returning it and getting a replacement as i have never encountered any issue with touch sensitivity . the nexus 7 's capacitive touch screen is supposed to be incredible sensitive as just by meerely touching it should register a tap .
t-mobile support page contains a thread that covers your issue : sim unlock your phone last updated on : jul 3 , 2013 2:43 pm if you purchased an eligible device , the device has been programmed with a sim subsidy lock that will prevent the device from operating with other compatible wireless telephone carrier’s services . if you wish to use the device with the service of another wireless telephone carrier , you must enter a numeric sim subsidy unlock code to unlock the device . understanding sim unlock requirements as an active or former t-mobile customer , you may request a phone unlock . t-mobile will unlock your phone ( as long it is not reported as lost , stolen , or blocked ) if : you have purchased your device from t-mobile or an authorized t-mobile dealer and activated it on t-mobile service ; you have postpaid service , have not requested an unlock code in the last 90 days ; you paid for your device in full ; your account is in good standing ; you have a minimum of 40 consecutive days of active postpaid service since purchase ( or for prepaid service , have used your device within the past 60 days ) ; you are under a 24-month service contract , you have made monthly payments for at least 18 consecutive months on your plan or have paid a migration fee for the device ; certain exceptions may apply please call customer care for details ; you are on a prepaid plan , you have had more than $50 in total refills on the device ; you are a former customer , your account balance is zero and you did not port out a line associated with the device during the buyer’s remorse period ; you provide proof of purchase if t-mobile is unable to verify purchase . note : exceptions to some or all requirements may apply in certain circumstances , including for military personnel and business and government accounts . if you qualify for the above list , give them a call and they will help you out ! success case : a user from xda developers forum answered to a problem similar to your own , you can read about it here : i just unlocked mine a few days ago . if you meet the requirements you should be fine , http://support.t-mobile.com/docs/doc-1588 i bought my phone from ebay from a guy in florida ( i am in ny ) , i had it on my account for a few months . so i had no reciept or anything , or history of the phone . when i called they asked for my phone number , account passcode , the phones model name and imei . then i gave them my email , and recieved the code via email in about 24hrs . so it was pretty painless and free . alternatives : there is a xda developers thread with lots of users claiming to have successfully unlocked their devices either by changing their imei or by means of truth manipulation : answer #4: yup . i got mine unlocked through t-mobile for free . just tell them that your going to travel during soon or something and they will give you a pin in about 15 days . answer #10 : fwiw i have successfully sim unlocked my t-mobile galaxy blaze at the cost of erasing the imei ! the step by step is found here : turn off the phone . insert a sim from another provider into your phone . click " dismiss " on the enter unlock code screen after the phone starts up . wait a minute for the phone to power on and settle down . go to the dialer screen . enter *#197328640# the screen will change to the hidden menu as soon as you hit the last # key in the dailer press 1 debug screen press 8 phone control press 5 simulation press 6 network lock press 3 perso sha256 off wait exactly 30 seconds press the menu key on the phone and select back option . this will take you back to network lock screen . press 4 nw lock nv data initialliz wait exactly one minute and reboot the phone . your phone should be unlocked . i tried this on t-989 uvle1 original rom with root on . i have not tested it on any other version or roms or any other phones . disclaimer : i am not responsible for anything you do with your phone . read the entire thread here .
i used ultimate simlock code generator to unlock my phone .
what steps have you undertaken to resolve the problem ? some suggestions : try restarting the phone try removing the network entry ( "forget network" ) , then add it again . please make sure that you have the necessary information to reconnect before doing this . edit : related question
if you have sprint , go to settings &rarr ; wireless and network/more . . . &rarr ; mobile networks and uncheck the box connections optimizer .
what do you mean by auto enabling ? does it get enabled every time you unlock your phone ? otherwise did you try changing this option : settings-> wireless and networks-> wi-fi settings ( press menu key ) advanced -> wi-fi sleep policy ( i have android 2.1 , so your menu path may differ slightly )
there could be any number of apps that re-enable wifi : can you share your appbrain app-list ? it would be easier for us to tell .
what about rebooting your device ? i had the same problem solved like this . . . [ edit ] do you use a widget for the wifi : it can help you to disable it ?
look for an application titled ' power manager ' , this application has controls to enable/disable : wifi , bluetooth , gps based off multiple triggers . one of which being powered by a/c which was what my ' issue ' was . just had to change this so it did not change the wifi status .
if you root your tablet , there are reverse tethering apps that will allow you to use your pc 's net connection via usb . one of the apps in the play store is free , and another offers a free trial , so you may give them a try . it appears this working is hit or miss , but since this is a nexus device you may be in luck ( being vanilla android , not some carrier or manufacturer 's possibly locked down version ) .
it depends on game . some games allow you to download the data off phone and extract it to your sd card at the said location of the game instruction . i remember doing so for few games myself . if the game instruction does not have anything like that then you have to manually find out what file it downloads from where and put it in relevant place in sd card .
no android does not saves your custom words from the dictionary of the keyboard in your google account . normally default keyboard does not automatically sync your personal ( custom ) dictionary . but you can email it or make backup of it in sdcard . setting -> keyboard -> personal dictionary or setting -> keyboard -> keyboard type ( eg htc sence input ) -> personal dictionary
just use this app , it will delete your duplicates https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.accacihl=en
you are running cm10 in your phone . so its rooted . you can restrict mobile data usage with some exceptions for specific apps by an app called droidwall fro playstore . this app is seful to specify which apps can use mobile data and which cannot .
well , it seems from the api that android includes a tts engine , so i would imagine there would be quite a few apps . i have done a quick search , although i do not have a smartphone so i cannot vouch for the suitability , but here is one app that seems simple enough . text to speech toy .
assuming all other tablets are of identical model to the original , it should be as easy as rooting them , installing cwm , and then restoring the nandroid backup you made with the original one . keep in mind that nandroid utility does not back up the contents of the sd card . if duplicating the sd card is also required , that would need to be done separately .
clearing downloads will only clear it from the list of downloads . to delete files that have been cleared from the list , you would need to do so directly from the sd card 's download folder , either with your computer or using a file manager like astro .
i am answering my own question . the original email configuration still exists on the phone , but it cannot be accessed via the " email " app . accessing the " email " app will just prompt you to add the account again ( along with other account types like facebook , twitter ; then it denies you stating that it already exists ) . instead click on the " messaging " app and then you will see the " disappearing " email account in addition to " universal account " and " text messaging " . select the original account and edit the account properties . on the account properties page you can " remove account " . by removing the account you can then go and add it again successfully . i have heard that others are doing a hard reset which is not necessary .
es file explorer is one that can use the secure ftp protocol over ssh protocol . to get the settings , from es file explorer : hit menu key , show tabs , local , lan , ftp , net appears tap on ftp then tap on new that appears underneath , a dialog box will appear prompting the different ftp types , tap on sftp enter the details of the ssh server that hosts the secure ftp protocol es file explorer will remember the next time , so tap on the server , and then you can browse the file system of the remote server and upload/download files
at lest some devices seem to have a setuid root copy of tcpdump installed
a surely working , but hard to achieve solution would be to set up an access-point where you log all the traffic and connect your phone to it .
if you are willing to go with a 3rd party app , i would recommend handcent sms . it goes a step further by allowing you to assign specific vibration patterns to different contacts .
go to messaging . select setting . go to notification settings . there you have an option to switch on vibration for notifications .
sounds like a bad download . i would delete it if you can and try again , or download and upgrade manually . for 2.2.1 , try following this post at androidandme . if it was 2.3 you might want to wait , google has said it would not be released for the n1 till after the holidays ( example ) so it might have been a mistake .
on a stock carrier/manufacturer 's rom there is probably not a whole lot you can do i would imagine , but cyanogenmod 7 ( its gingerbread-based version ) allows you to dismiss individual notifications by swiping them away . you can see it in action in this lifehacker article .
basically , this could be possible . i have got cm7.2 on my motorola droid2 , which also has its bootloader locked . being at work , i cannot access all ressources ( firewall restricts me ) -- but just in case , there seems to be a youtube tutorial on unlock any sony ericsson xperia in 5 minutes , just in case you want to unlock first ( which should make things easier ) . according to xda your device should be supported by cm9 . however , i could not figure out whether cm by default uses 2nd init on the xperia devices ( which is what must be done when the bootloader is locked -- and how it works e.g. on the motorola milestone 2 ; but obviously this is not done for the st17i ) . so if you want to try with your bootloader locked , you should check with the instructions coming with your cm9 build to make sure : some sources i have found ( not sure which xperia the st17i is , so they might apply or not ) , as e.g. how to pgrade xperia x8 to android 4.0 ics / how to upgrade xperia x8 to android 4.1 jelly bean and especially android forums - view single post - all xperia mini ( un ) rooting , un ( re ) locking bootloader , flashing cm , kernels , cwm , rom 's , tweaks etc ( which explicitly applies to your st17i ) , mention an unlocked bootloader as pre-condition for flashing cm9 . so the answer is probably no , though it would theoretically be possible .
it is not necessary . if your xperia 's bootloader is locked you can not install a custom kernel but you can install a custom rom . i have miui with a stock 4.0.4 based kernel on my xperia s .
yes , you should be able to install a wifi only rom manually , i`ve just gone to ics with 3g and its great . found these links useful : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bfhwd2nxw1u http://www.icsforums.com/forum/showthread/6398 http://forum.xda-developers.com/wiki/motorola_xoom hope this helps
sorry buddy . factory reset does the trick . . . usually this is required when switching between rom versions , and the gapps xda page mentions also that to flash a new gapps you need to format the /system partition , data , and dalvik .
currently i can only find customization options through mods or other updates to the rom . for example : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1999125 it would really be great if stock android 4.2 would provide functionality to add tiles , re-order tiles or change the function of long/short taps on tiles . this issue has some of those feature enhancement requests : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=40285
if there is still anyone interested in getting the answer , the best i know is by using notification toggle by j4velin . it can be customized to display toggles ( wi-fi , bluetooth , etc ) or to launch apps .
this can be done in android 4.1.2 especially in samsung galaxy note 2 . Settings-&gt; Display-&gt; Notification Panel . then drag and adjust required combinations .
i found some encoding issues when dealing with vcards , but generally , i was able to open any vcard file with the native contact manager application , have you tried to open the file with your computer ? the vcard is a text format file , so the image is encoded in base64 ( characters ) if you open any vcard with a notepad , you will be able to see the contact picture encoded with characters . this is a sample vcard : BEGIN:VCARD VERSION:2.1 N:Anders;Maria FN:Maria Anders ORG:Alfreds Futterkiste TEL;TYPE=WORK:030-0074321 NOTE:Very Funny! END:VCARD  so . . . to give you an answer , android should handle vcards natively , without any special configuration . i am running android 4 . x as well , and it works as expected . in my opinion , the issue is about how iphone encodes the vcard . you can try downloading this vcard file : i 's been tested on many android devices
yes , that seems to be a typo : the conditions should be If %WIFI ~ on and If %WIFI !~ on ( or If %WIFI ~ off ) . the %wifi variable can only be on or off , not toggle . but the wifi action can be used to enable , disable or toggle wifi , i.e. if wifi is enabled , it will be disabled , and if wifi is disabled , it will be enabled . the example ( minus the typo ) talks about creating a " toggle wifi " widget : if wifi is on and you click the icon , wifi will be disabled and the icon will be changed to a " wifi is off " icon . and if wifi is off and you click the icon , wifi will be enabled and the icon will be changed to a " wifi is on " icon .
after looking over at the xda developers forums where the dev and others talk and problem solve for this module of xposed framework , your answer is there is no a way for tasker to enable and disabled the functionality of xvoice+ . i could describe for you an indirect way to achieve what you are looking for through simulating taps and swipes , if you are interested . if you are please post the phone you are using , android version , tasker version , xposed modules and tasker plugins you have installed . if my answer solves your problem please do not forget to mark it ask the answer as i am trying to build up rep as i am new .
shut down your device overnight . or just plug it in before sleep . or buy a new one . after some time the battery want resist so much . oh . . of course . . . or buy a new battery .
if you are running a custom rom , check with its makers if there are any known causes for battery drain . otherwise , ( since there are no known issues with stock android 2.3.7 , the battery drain is caused by some app . turn off bluetooth and auto sync ( leave wifi on ) , install watchdog and charge the battery fully , then let your phone idle for a couple of hours . in that time , any apps that misbehave will be listed under the alerts tab of watchdog . check that and report here , maybe we can help . if it does not list any app , try eliminating each of the common culprits for battery drain - social media ( older versions of facebook ) and sync apps that constantly use connectivity options , free versions of apps that regularly pull in ads for display , location apps including google 's own reporting service . uninstall or turn off whichever you can . if ads are an issue , and you are rooted , you can use adblock . also , check for your battery health - if you have been a heavy user for over 2 years , it is likely that the battery has lost much of its original capacity , in which case a battery replacement would be necessary ( i know because i have the same problem , and ordered a new battery yesterday ) . you can find oem batteries for $30-40 - avoid cheap duplicates , you never know what they could do to your phone .
there are several things which can be done . most obvious is to switch it off completely ( grin ) , but that only as a side note . also , switching it to airplane mode falls close -- though , when used with a " timer " ( via automation apps such as tasker or llama ) , it can be quite a useful thing to not only save some juice over night , but also care for some silence . another obvious option is to connect it to some power source , which clearly prevents it from running out of juice . but these are just general rules . in your special case , the problem is some app draining your battery over night . true , above mentioned solutions would take care that there is enough juice left -- but still that is a misbehaving app . so first thing i would do is , after it drained a little ( but still enough juice is left , say 30% or more to be sure ) , go and check your battery stats . you will find them in your system settings , on most devices it is in settings &rarr ; about phone &rarr ; battery use . this should list the most heavy consumers , and your candidate should be on the very top . other useful sources on this topic ( and here at android enthusiasts ) include : how to deal with ( orphaned ) wakelocks ? ( especially when you cannot find the " evil app " in the consumers list ) how can i tell what is really draining my battery ? what can i do to increase battery life on my android device ?
take a look at this thread over at xda-developers forum . someone wrote a java app to extract the contacts out of the . sbf file into vcard files , which are a lot easier to deal with . also , in the same thread people report that with the latest version of kies you can execute a restore without having a samsung phone connected to the pc , and extract the contents . i personally have not tried either method , so please let us know if they work for you .
in the latest version o kies you select your device in the tree , then go to tab " back up/restore " and click " restore " . unfortunately you can not restore just something , you should restore everything . . .
i wrote a program which extracts contacts and calendar data . https://lord-luncher.de/ i am happy about feedback .
the literature you read was wrong , then . link2sd only uses the extra partition . the main partition is still mounted under /media/sdcard or somewhere similar . with link2sd , you cannot physically remove the sd card , but you can mount the sd card on the computer . the second partition does not get mounted , so the apps are still accessible while the standard partition is mounted on the computer . if you want more space , you can always repartition your sd card manually on your computer , if your version of clockworkmod ( cwm ) does not have the size you desire . gparted on linux is a handy gui , and there are apps for mac and windows as well . and you can still install apps to your sd card the normal android way , though the dalvik cache and other data will still use up the internal memory ( which is likely limited in your case , as that is the reason to use link2sd in the first place ) . purpose of link2sd here 's an hypothetical example+ . you have 180mb free internal memory . you have a standard 16gb sd card . when you install an app to the sd card , 10%* of the app is actually still on the internal memory . so when you have installed 1.8gb of apps , you run out of internal memory , even though your external sd card could hold a bunch more . in comes link2sd . now , your sd card is actually 12gb standard and 4gb for linking . new apps get linked , but this time 100% of the app is moved , so you can install 4gb of apps instead of 1.8gb . you should not be limited to 4gb , either . clockworkmod ( cwm ) may only list 4gb as the maximum size , but you can use a computer to make the linking partition as large as you want . *made up percentage . it varies by app . +not so hypothetical . with my old optimus v , this was almost exactly my setup .
calendar snooze can repeat reminders until you acknowledge them , forever . it works with the default calendar app , and will let it keep syncing with google . you can customize how often the notification repeats , how many times ( including " keep repeating" ) , and you can customize two sets of reminders , for example repeating every minute for 5 minutes , and then ever 5 minutes for an hour . it can also use notifications , the led , text-to-speech , and alert popups . it also ( as the name suggests ) allows a very powerful snooze mechanism , with completely customizable snoozes .
open the calendar app . press menu > settings > scroll down to notification settings . you can then choose your desired ringtone and whether an alert should pop up or merely a notification bar update shows along with vibrate options . as a calendar alternative , check out jorte . the galaxy s2 's alarm interface has options for recurring alarms as well as preset snooze modes . update : nudnik and calendar event reminder are calendar nag apps that seem to offer the functionality you are looking for .
now that astrid has stopped , trying out tictac . working quite well and seems reliable
im trying now calendaralarmhelper that is way cheaper than tree suggestion . free version expires after 7 days but has full functionalities .
calendar -> settings -> notification settings -> select ringtone . also set " alerts and notifications " in the same menu to alerts .
you could try astrid , i find it very useful as a task manager
try the latest museek player . it has support for gapless playback . you need to enable it from within the advanced settings in the app . there is also poweramp and winamp which seemingly offer decent gapless playback quality .
the amazon mp3 player adds gaps . luckily you can play songs downloaded to the device with any music player , and google music does gapless playback out of the box .
ota update will depend on the csc of your phone . csc is country sales code ; it tells you which region your phone can be used in and which networks it will work with . if you are in india ( and your phone is connected to an india network ) , and your phone has csc for saudi arabia , you will not be able to get ota updates . what you can do is flash a stock rom for india on your phone using odin . after you do this , you will be able to get future ota updates . warning : changing rom might require a wipe of your phone . some roms have multi-csc that might support the region you are in . in this case , you do not need to flash a new rom . you can just change it with the " samsung galaxy s / s2 / s3 cfc " app in google play . warning : changing cscs will wipe your phone . the csc code for india is odd .
in 4.2 . x jelly bean you can pinch-zoom or two-finger glide in order to toggle between base and expanded [ notification ] layouts . not all notifications can be expanded , however . the next time the notification appears try using two fingers to " pull " the notification down into an expanded layout .
credit to matt h 's comment for pointing me the right way . if you follow through to the system requirements page on their wiki , the htc wildfire is specifically called out as an unsupported device as it has an armv6 based processor ; firefox mobile currently requires an armv7 compatible processor . they do have an experimental build for armv6 based devices , which you can download here but according to the warning on the page , that is broken at the moment . if you keep an eye on there they may announce when it starts working .
did you by chance have an automatic ota update ? that would do it .
samsung put the " flash lite " plugin on the galaxy s for 2.1 . it supports the basics . this blog shows some devices that use the plugin : http://www.adobe-flashlite.com/ edit : adobe now has a list of devices that can run full flash . http://www.adobe.com/flashplatform/certified_devices/
i found out that all the apps missing have an . asec file in the . android_secure folder on the sd card , however the . android_secure folder itself is there . on linux i wrote : cp sdbackup/* /media/disk -r  it copies all folders , and their content , recursively . except for the hidden folders in sdbackup , e.g. : sdbackup/.android_secure sdbackup/.doubleTwist  hidden folders in the hierarchy are copied however . so now i managed by subsequently copying each hidden folder : cp sdbackup/* /media/disk -r cp sdbackup/.android_secure* /media/disk -r cp sdbackup/.astro* /media/disk -r etc  and now everything is fine .
my solution , using windows , was to format the new card with the same file system ( fat32 ) and allocation unit size ( in this case , 4k ) . to determine allocation unit size on windows , go to the command prompt , go to the drive letter that the new meida card is on , and type chkdsk . allocation unit size will be displayed near the bottom of the results . to format , in windows explorer right click on the drive letter of the new card and then click on format . it should be obvious from there . the quick format option worked for me . as for copying files , i had no problem with hidden files . straight copy worked for me .
you cannot install cwm recovery onto the samsung galaxy tab p1000 via rom manager app . you will need to flash it via odin or heimdal utilities . xda-developers forums are a good start . i suggest reading up on the galaxy tab android development section . this thread seems to have good instructions for flashing clockworkmod v3 along with a euro-specific kernel . this should be a good start that will allow you to format the tab to ext4 file system , and allow for flashing other roms such as cm9 alpha/beta . what is in the package : galaxy tab ( euro ) kernel 1.4ghz clockspeed ( stock voltage ) voodoo sound patch v6 ( search the market for the voodoo control app ) 100 % mcr ext4 compatible and separate overcome version uv control by sysfs or app ( thanks to xan ) camera/key-backlight working uv lcd ( 3.3v to 2.6v ) thanks to koxudaxi uv ram ( 1.8v to 1.6v ) thanks to koxudaxi led flash for flash light apps thanks to koxudaxi filesystem support - ext2/ext3/ext4 frequencies 100/200/400/800/1000/1200/1400 rooted adb shell clockworkmod 3 ( thanks to paul obrien ) always backup your stuff before flashing anything . extract the zip and use heimdall to flash the zimage ( kernel directory ) . heimdall must be version 1.1.0 or greater . you must have the libusb drivers working in download mode before you can flash using heimdall . use the command line : heimdall flash --kernel zImage where zimage is the name of the kernel , full path names are allowed . downloadlink : galaxy tab 1.4ghz v16 - mcr version if you have a problem with the sensors just push this file to /system/lib/hw : http://xda.richardtrip.org/tab/sensors.default.so
i have three droid incredibles that we have replaced with different phones . the play store still works on all of them . check out this post for the most recent google play apk and side load it . if that does not work , i would recommend doing a factory reset . it seems like your system has gotten confused . alos , look into airplane mode wifi app to keep your wireless radio off but leave your wifi on .
it might be a long shot , but have you tried using adb to install apks ?
although the solution by izzy ( above ) is brilliant , it did not work for me on nexus 5 running android 4.4 . i ran into the bug after installing a to-do app . every time i tried to share a page in chrome , it defaults to google keep ! strange , but the problem and the solution is given here : http://www.reddit.com/r/android/comments/1rcnow/did_the_default_behavior_of_share_change_in/ essentially , you just need to go to settings . . . apps , then click the overflow menu in the top right . when it opens , select reset app preferences . other than having to select my default launcher again , it seems to have solved the problem with no side effects . credit to tacomonstrous at reddit for the solution .
there are multiple ways to clear " default actions": walking through the list of apps in settings&rarr ; apps&rarr ; manage apps , looking at each entry whether it has a " clear defaults " button , and hit that ( not very user-friendly -- and in this special case obviously not applyable , as the action seems not bound to a special app ) using a helper app like e.g. default app manager or defaultapp reset ( much more user-friendly -- but not suitable in this case , for the same reason as the previous point ) installing another app which uses the same intent ( in case of a " homescreen launcher " and the " home " key , another launcher , to give an example ) -- not always easy to figure out what app might be fitting for this purpose . this is what lead to success in our case here , by installing andmade share note : you do not need to keep that app installed . it is the installation of the app which " drops " the default . this is also the purpose why the next item works : updating/uninstalling one of the apps currently using this intent ( to take above example : that is why you will be asked again when your launcher received an update ) -- this point just for completeness : )
i upgraded from ics to jelly bean on my galaxy note and did not do any factory reset , i found battery drain is horribly faster ; even normal charging takes much longer . about 15% charge in one hour . if i use phone with charger plug in , even than it keep draining slowly . any solutions , sameer
install " cpu spy " in the android market -> open cpu spy and press reset timers -> put the phone in to standby mode for a one minute -> then turn it back and check if the phone is gone in deep sleep . . . . if they did not go into deep sleep , then to turn off the phone and remove the battery for about 5 minutes , tell what happens . . .
only the reset factory setting option will resolve this problem . games like temple run and subway sufers will hang after the software upgrade .
i used to own that same device and in my experience with several roms the best way to get a battery to not drain quickly was to switch to a aosp rom like slimkat/slimsaber and to use adaptive brightness . the screen being 5"+ used to use a huge amount of battery . the stock samsung roms are good but the aosp roms make it a lot better in terms of battery usage .
you could try booting into recovery . there may be an option to format from there , but i am fairly certain it would only be a feature of custom recoveries . . . worth trying though ! with the wildfire i think you hold down power and the volume button , which takes you into hboot . from there you can scroll ( with the volume buttons ) to recovery . that will take you to the recovery screen , where a series of options should be available .
in settings -> sd card and phone storage there is an option to format the sdcard . you first have to unmount the sdcard before you can format it .
it seems to be a general problem . i was trying this on my asus eee pad with physical keyboard which actually allows to minimize the " encryption process " and go to settings . however checking running processes does not show any activity that would suggest that something is actually happening .
there may be an option in your settings , but easier , just open google maps , start using the compass and spin your phone in figure 8 pattern . that is all there is to it .
it depends on your model of phone . if there is no built-in compass calibration application from the manufacturer , then likely you can calibrate your compass by opening up any application that uses the compass , and moving the device in a certain manner . here are two types of movements to try : the " figure 8 pattern " easier said than understood . here 's what it looks like youtube video of figure 8 compass calibration . three axis rotations : rotate 360° around each of the three axes , so one full rotation with screen facing up , one full rotation " rolling " sideways , one full rotation " pitching " forward .
if you are willing to look at wikis then wikipedia has a changelog for it > > > click me
as far as android is concerned , 4.2.1 to 4.2.2 contained only a few things . they include : show remaining time for downloads from the play store provide a system notification sound when wireless charging begins allows long-pressing on certain tiles in quick settings in reality , since you have a device that does not support wireless charging , the second point obviously does not apply to you . and since cm already heavily modified the tiles for quick settings and offers far more options that this update introduced , the only benefit you would get out of this update would be showing the remaining time . but , cm has new features being added all the time that are separate of the features added by google . if you look under settings -> about phone -> view changelog , you can see a big list of all the major features that cm 10.1 adds to google 's android 4.2.2 release . and if you want to look at all the specific changes ( usually around 10-50 per day , although , some are new features , some are bug fixes for devices not related to yours , and some are new/updated translations ) , you can see it online at http://changelog.bbqdroid.org and clicking on your device and cm version . you can browse through the changes for each nightly there , and although some of the subjects can be cryptic , you can still usually make out what new features are being introduced .
if you could see the official android web page , the section What's new in Android 4.2, Jelly Bean enumerates all the changes in detail . though it is the delta from 4.1 and not from 4.2.1 as you had asked for .
quicksshd works on rooted and non-rooted phones . there are some limitations on non-rooted phones ( running on port 2222 instead of 22 , etc . ) , but other than this , i have yet to see any problem with it on any device ( tested from 1.6 through 2.1 to 4.1 ) . costs approx . us$1.5
you can use am force-stop &lt;package name&gt; . also there is am kill &lt;package name&gt; .
i have successfully modified the build . prop on my samsung vibrant to mimic that of the i9000 , allowing me to get i9000 apps from the samsung app store . so something similar might work for you . see how can i modify the phone model in build . prop to get unsupported apps ?
if you type on a terminal console : ls -l /d lrwxrwxrwx root root 2013-01-01 01:00 d -&gt; /sys/kernel/debug/  meaning /d is a symlink to that other folder , probably there for compatibility with old versions . so now the question is : what is /sys/kernel/debug/ ? that folder is used to mount debugfs filesystem and it is used , as the name suggests , to debug kernel . kernel must be compiled with config_debug_fs option set to yes , so that is maybe the reason why some phones have files in it and some do not . one important thing to note is that debugfs is a ram based filesystem , so afaik it is using ram space not disk space . more info http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/debugfs
i don/'t remember performance issues after upgrading to 2.2 , but after upgrading to 2.2.1 my galaxy is much and i do mean much faster .
performance is generally a very subjective thing . there are apps that will measure specific aspects of performance , but that will not always correlate with what you feel from using the phone day to day . generally , one of the reasons for upgrading to froyo is that it should give you performance benefits , see this previous question on froyo 's performance . in addition to that , samsung have rolled in some fixes for previous performance problems ( if you are using the official samsung build ) : amongst other fixes , they have changed things so that the filesystem lag is less of a problem on froyo ; they have changed gps and agps performance to get rid of a lot of those previous problems , ; and they have fixed some of the serious problems in their customized apps like the music player . one thing you may find after any upgrade is that your phone still has outdated data left in its caches and temporary areas that are only relevant to the previous version . these can cause performance problems straight after the upgrade . to get round this , you can either go through all your apps list after the upgrade and clear the caches , or reset your phone to factory settings after the upgrade and then reload all of your data . be warned that both of these ( especially the second option ) can and will lose some of your settings and data , though anything saved on your sd card or saved on servers on the web will be safe , so make sure you back up anything on the phone that matters to you before doing this . personally , i found my galaxy s performed much better after the froyo upgrade . however i did do a factory reset on it ( for a different reason related to changing google accounts over ) which will have helped in the short term .
definitely it is related to low battery , i tried a couple of more tests and if the battery is &lt ; 20% this always happens .
take it back to wherever you bought it and demand a refund . regardless if this is a hardware or software problem , you should not have a problem with the sales staff -- show them the picture you linked to .
there is a known bug that disallows sorting of wma files by track number . you could try using mediamonkey or something like mp3tag on your pc to rename the file as %track_number% - %Artist% - %Title%.wma or something similar , so it sorts by name . also try meridian player - you can create a playq ( kinda like a playlist and then sort that by track , i believe . and be sure to take a look @ mort player too .
in the google market there is an app to change the archos buttons and even add some . its named archos buttons afaik . but your device has to be rooted . havent tested it though .
i use the gemini calendar app , and it seems to sync back to your google account . it does , however , require the stock google calendar app , which based on your question , may pose a problem .
assuming samsung have made the same changes for the captivate as the galaxy , then fully opening an appointment in the calendar app and pressing edit , you should have a line labelled " calendar " that will say " my calendar " ( this is the local calendar on the phone ) , press the arrow beside that and it takes you to a list of your calendars and lets you select your google calendar to move the appointment there . also when you are in the calendar and want to create a new appointment there are two ways to do it . either long pressing on a day/time takes you to the quick appointment creation box , this always goes into your phone 's local calendar and then needs moving out to your gcal . however if you press the menu button and select " create " then it takes you to the same screen as the edit screen , and you can pick which calendar to save to from there .
i was googling for the same product that works for my galaxy tab 2 tablet . i found the irig microphone too , but it was somewhat of an overkill for my purpose since i already have a microphone . so i searched for this "3.5mm 4-pole mic headset adapter " on ebay and found this item . it costs only $4 , and it will allow you to use a standard microphone .
i am unable to answer your question fully , but the part " and i do not know if the lower or middle or upper part is for the microphone " , you can verify it quite easily . what you need to have is a head phone that came with your device or the one that works ( both mic and headphone speaker should work ) , a 1.5v battery cell and a pair of small wire . just wear the headphone and hold the battery in your hand with one wire connecting the battery 's negative terminal to your head phone 's lowest terminal ( ground ) . connect another wire to the positive terminal of the battery and touch the other end of the wire on any other terminal of the headphone connector . you can hear a pop or hiss on one of your ear . if you do not hear anything , then it could be the mic or you have not completed the circuit . by this way you can identify the parts of the head phone connector ( right , mic , left , ground , generally in this order , but varies from device to device ) . if you are ready with believing what you is see , then the following image will explain .
there are professional bluetooth-to-xlr adapters availabe ( google search ) that work just like any bluetooth headset with hfp or a2dp profile . quality ( especially the hfp mode may be subpar ) and latency may vary from wired solutions , though . jkaudio has such a product : daptor 3
i use the irig pre xlr input adapter and headphone output with phantom power on my htc wildfire . it works fine in flight mode . i use the tapemachine pro app .
you will need a ts connector for mic-only or trrs for a headset with a mic , see this wikipedia article . for example , this trs to trrs adapter is supposed to work with the galaxy nexus and includes a mic . i am not sure if you would need to plug in headphones for it to work , but you could certainly plug them in and not use them . you did not mention bluetooth ; you could also potentially use a bluetooth headset or mic . of course , it may be the case that the stock camera app will not record audio from the external mic , in which case you may need to run a separate audio recording app or simply use a different video recording app . this app looks like it can record audio from a headset ; i am sure there are others .
http://www.startech.com/cables/audio-video/audio-cables/35mm-4-position-to-2x-3-position-35mm-headset-splitter-adapter-male-to-female~muyhsmff i think this is what you are looking for .
i originally wrote this article for iphone microphones and audio inputs , but it applies almost equally as well to any android device that has a headset jack ( trrs , as mentioned in other answers ) . the two primary things you need to do are : make sure the physical connection works—thus the need for a trrs to trs adapter like those made by kvconnection . make sure the input signal has the correct impedance . for the iphone , this is about 600ω . not sure what each model android phone uses , but this makes the level of the microphone or audio device match up correctly to the input on your phone . some phones will cut off the audio completely if the impedance is way off , as a safeguard against blowing out the audio circuit . once you can make the physical connection and have the right impedance , you just need a good audio recording app that will use the headset audio input . see my article for some ideas .
today i have made some progress in this question . on iphone you can buy a irig mic which can do the job ( and it should work on android too ) . but since i want to use another external microphone i have decided to make the adapter myself from some different adapters ( which does the same thing as irig mic , but with a female 3.5 mm jack output , so i can use my wireless microphone with it ) i have ordered the parts from an online store in denmark , but you can get it all over the internet , you just need to know what you need : ) the first thing you need is a 3.5 mm male 4 pole conductor jack ( trrs ) to rca adapter . like this one then you need a rca to either female jack or xlr adapter ( either if your mic has a jack or xlr output ) like this one and thats all . then you can plug everything together and use the mic of your choice on your android phone . ( btw some stock camcorder apps can not use external microphones , then just use this camcorder app : https://market.android.com/details?id=rubberbigpepper.lgcamerafeature=search_result#?t=w251bgwsmswxldesinj1ymjlcmjpz3blchblci5sz0nhbwvyysjd ) i am using this app ^^ with this set of wireless microphones and i am just waiting for the last adapter in the mail tomorrow . . so from tomorrow i can record with my galaxy nexus and record the sound via the wireless microphone on a distance up too 30 meters :d and if i need to go around with the phone and the microphone , i will just plug in a wired microphone to the female jack and go around with the phone and microphone in my hand : ) i hope someone in the future can use this information which was very hard to find on the internet : ) when i have some time later today or tomorrow , i will upload a couple pictures to illustrate my setup : )
or this . . . http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/sensitive-tie-clip-lapel-lavalier-microphone-for-samsung-galaxy-smartphones-/280916075048?pt=uk_music_instruments_microphones_mjvar=hash=item4167e72228#ht_2015wt_872
there is an app for that , it is called shared contact list . it does exactly the thing you describe . disclaimer : i work at the company that made it .
actually , this is pretty easy . there are two workable answers i can offer : if you have google apps for your organization , you can simply turn on contact sharing and make sure everyone adds their google apps account to their phone . if you do not have google apps or do not want to use contact sharing , simply set up a single dummy gmail/google apps account for every person to add to their phone . any contacts added to this account , be it via a phones or via the gmail contacts book , will appear on every phone whenever a sync happens . to add another account to your phone : Settings-&gt;Accounts and sync-&gt;Add account  after adding the account on the phone , make sure you click on it again and set syncing to just contacts and not gmail , calendar , etc ( unless you want these )
easytether i think would be your best option . the free version is full-figured , and paying for the full market version will get you https:// sites . and the drivers for it are available on their website for download . p.s. it is only $4.99 right now in the amazon appstore ; )
did you try the wifi-hotspot option ( available since android 2.2 ( ? ) ) ? with this app , your android phone will act as a hotspot and your mac should be able to connect to it .
fake gps data . presumably this is for testing apps that use gps , so you do not actually have to travel all over the world :p apps such as location spoofer take advantage of this . you could probably fake foursquare checkins or something using it , but they do check to make sure your checkins are " realistic " so you probably do not want to check in to london uk and melbourne au within the same hour .
i do not think there is a way short of finding a root enabling exploit . adb backup -apk -shared -all only backs up for user 0 for both /data/user/ and /storage/emulated/ ( for non devices without expandable storage ) . no luck with 4.4 either .
summing up the solution from above comments on the question itself : finding the culprit first step is to get to the logging information on your device , to figure out some more details on what is going on . multiple choices to do so : get a logcat app from the playstore . there are many , and as long as you run android 4.0 or below , none of them have issues . starting with android 4.1 , apps can only see their own log entries ( so a logcat app only sees what it writes itself , which makes it quite useless ) -- unless your device is rooted ( your cm7 is ) , and you convert the logcat app into a system app ( which can be done e.g. using titanium backup ★ root ) . to find a suiting logcat app , simply use this playstore search -- afaik none of them comes pre-installed with cm . get it done from your pc . see is there a minimal installation of adb ? for how to get adb installed on your linux/mac/windows computer , and how to set up its configuration so it recognizes your android device . then either use adb logcat from the command-line , or a graphical interface ( e . g . qtadb , as described in the linked question ) solving the issue as you followed above device , you were able to pick the corresponding error message from the logs : the app was looking for a folder named /mnt/sdcard/download/ , which did not exist -- instead there already existed /mnt/sdcard/Download/ with a capital D . the problem behind this little thing is : while the underlying file-system ( fat ) supports mixed-case file/directory names , it does not differentiate correctly : cd download does not work due to different spelling , but mkdir download conflicts , though . so the solution , in your case , was to rename the existing Download directory to download . while i still hold this as a bug in the apps used ( they should be able to work around the issue , at least by asking the user where to download to ) , this simple trick at least enables you to download the .apk files now : )
if you are looking for a way to quickly view frequently visited pages , i would bookmark them and then add the " bookmarks " widget to your homescreen . a few more steps involved , but pretty . and you do not even have to go into the browser to get to them !
there is no direct " home " key unfortunately . as others have stated , you can open a new tab to display your " home page " - but you then might want to close your current tab - which is a 2nd tap . alternatively , if your home page is a standard web page then you could bookmark it as well . but this still requires 2 taps . . . one to display your bookmarks and another to action it .
browser opens home page in every new tab by default . setting different home page in [ browser > settings > general > set homepage ] and then just open new tab to see what happens .
i think you hit the " windows " button in the upper-right , then the + button that appears to its left . this creates a new window , however .
the problem is with the kernel . i had also faced this problem before and got out of the boot loop . follow the instructions given below . download the stock firmware from www.sammobile.com download heimdall suite . extract the firmware package and copy the zimage file into the heimdall suite directory . install the driver for the phone . boot the phone into download mode by pressing volume down + home button + power . connect the phone to the computer using the usb cable supplied along with the phone . open command prompt and change the directory to heimdall suite . now type heimdall flash --kernel zImage a blue bar will come on the screen . after the flash is complete , the phone will reboot normally . after the reboot , go to the apps screen to check if the superuser app is installed . if superuser is installed , your phone is rooted . to install cyanogenmod , follow the following instructions : copy the rom to a folder in the sd card . copy the zimage file provided by cyanogenmod into the heimdall suite directory . boot the phone into download mode . connect the phone to the computer . open command prompt . change the directory to heimdall suite and flash the kernel using the following command : heimdall flash --kernel zImage the phone will reboot and go into a bootloop . turn off the phone by removing the battery . boot the phone into recovery mode by holding volume up + home button + power . now flash the rom using the method mentioned here you will now have cyanogenmod installed on your phone .
edit honestly , i am not 100% sure that this was really a problem related to the kernel . i think that the " problem " could be also caused by the fact that pressing the home key in recovery mode results in a reboot . the correct way to select a recovery item is to press the power button . original post i had the same issue two days ago . the problem was the kernel . after switching to the kernel that was mentioned a few wiki changes before it worked like a charm . kernel : http://cmw.22aaf3.com/aries/gt-i9000/root/hardcore-speedmod-i9000.zip md5: afccda1f4efb560398dd5bc107bb7a69 i even ( re- ) added this information but it was again reverted . :- (
you can remove it from the list by just swiping it off . i do not know how to permanently remove it from the list , though .
i just tested it while writhing those steps and it is working if your phone is rooted . if you need a method without root , just ask me and i will try to do some test . download tasker and open it then go in the preferences and uncheck the beginner mode . go back in tasker and open the " profile " tab then click on the + symbol . if tasker ask for a name , give it a name like " launch camera " and click on the check , then click on the + symbol and choose " application " . choose the camera . use the top left arrow to go back . select " new task " if it ask you for a name give it a name like launch camera . click on the + symbol and type " kill " then select " kill app " and select the camera . check " use root " use the top left arrow to go back . click on the + symbol and select " app " then " launch app " and select the camera . check exclude from recent apps and then use the top left arrow to go back . use the top left arrow to go back one more time . click on the 3 dots at the top right of the screen and select " exit " then select " save first " launch your camera app and see if it is working .
judging from the fact that you are seeing previews of recent apps , i am assuming your sgs2 is running android 4.0 ( or ablove ) . i do not believe you can exclude apps from " recent " list out of the box . this might be one of the few legitimate uses for the task killer kinds of apps . basically if you set the task killer to always terminate the " camera " or " gallery " apps , they should stop appearing in android 's recent apps list . * * [ correction ] : the above statement turned out to be incorrect on jelly bean ( android 4.1 ) . task-ending an app does not remove it from the " recent " list .
you can use tasker ! when you launch an app with tasker , you can specify to exclude the app from the recent apps . you could create a button that launch the camera app in excluded mode .
apparently it was some bug in the app itself , i had to clink the options , go to more , and there select recreate scripts , then it asked me what file system was the second partition , restarted , and it worked just fine after it . and all of that without card reader , like they are suggesting everywhere
according link2sd page , also the second partition should be primary : you should have two partitions on sd card and both should be primary . the first fat partition is your standard sd card storage . the second partition is used for application files and can be ext2 , ext3 , ext4 or fat32 . check if the second partition ( the first one can not be used to link apps ) is primary and not an extended partition .
it seems google keep will only show a notification for a reminder . you might try megasound to set an alarm sound for the keep notifications .
it means that the process has been running longer than 99 hours , 99 minutes , and 99 seconds . it is a formatting bug . the second hour digit , after reaching '9' , will simply continue with the next characted from the ascii alphabet : 0123456789:;&lt;=&gt;?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ[\]^_`abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz{|}~  where in this case ':' means 10 , ' ; ' means 11 , '&lt ; ' means 12 , etc . for example , '&lt ; 5:12:34' means 125:12:34 and ' ? 5:12:34' means 155:12:34 . it is fixed in android 4.3 the related bug report is here : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=41401
i do not have a samsung galaxy s4 but based on the information provided it seems like this is the time frame since the services has been active ( i.e. . service " com . sec . phone " started about 1:46:26 ago ) . i can see that this is the case because a few other services have the same start time , at which point you either turn your phone on ( and android initiated those services automatically ) .
it will not be on the windows filesystem . the emulator makes a .img file that it then mounts as the virtual sd card . so , to answer your question , the file is stored in the sdcard .img file in the avd folder . ( you may be able to extract it using winrar or another unzip utility . check the C:\Users\&lt;your username&gt;\.android\avd\&lt;avd name&gt;\sdcard.img ) edit : this program claims to mount .img files . i am using ubuntu though , so cannot test sorry .
logcat might give you some information but that is cleared when the device reboots . abd logcat will connect you to the " rolling log " . logcat is not stored in a file , only in a memory stream but you can easily dump it to file . adb logcat -d -v time > logfile.txt using the options i listed above will give you a time stamp of when events occur . the -d indicates you are dumping to a file , do not " block " . -v time formats the log with event times . instead of &gt; logfile.txt you could do -f /path/to/logfile.txt .
alogrec does basicly the same as logcat , but writes constantly to a log file on your storage card .
i based my opinion on the phones i have used so far , but it seems , new devices do not care about usb mode , they just work . i used mtp and my android ide recognized the device . it made my day .
i was able to untangle the knot of directories by reading the android init scripts . /data/media/0/ is the original . by mounting sshfs ( remember to set allow_other ) to subdirectories of /data/media/0/ i have access to it from android applications .
facebook does not allow it - you would have to use another app like haxsync and give it permission to access your profile .
i am not aware of any adapter for apple 's connector . but if you are open to alternatives , maybe i can introduce you to a solution i am currently using : on my android device , i have installed bubbleupnp . as the name suggests , this app is dealing with dlna/upnp : it is a client , a server , and a control point at the same time – which gives you multiple options , provided the " other end " supports dlna : you can access your android device from the other end , and select the titles ( music , movies ) you want to stream from it you could do the same thing the other way around if the " big one " can act as a " media renderer " , you can use bubbleupnp to tell it what to play i lately used it in the last described way : browsing my tablet , selecting a video , and telling my tv to play that – all from the tablet . the first way also worked pretty well : from my tv , i browsed my media gallery , and selected an entire directory of photos to be played as slideshow . same would of course work for music . and that would even do with my receiver , without turning on the tv .
looks like you will need a 3.5mm connector to ipod proprietary 40-pin converter . there are some available on ebay here : http://www.ebay.com/bhp/ipod-female-connector ( note -- this link is temporary once the items are sold ; if someone finds a permalink to a product page please edit my answer and add it ) .
this icon simply means that there are more notifications to show , but there is not enough space left in the top status bar to show all notification icons ( that is why it does not have a matching notification ) .
yup even i have a xperia neo had i have also faced the same issue . i tried reporting it on the sony mobile forum but it seems it is a unresolved bug . seems the issue is with the current supply , which makes the screen too sensitive resulting in multi-touch . try disconnecting and try typing after sometime , seems to help in my case .
the usb 2.0 specification define that the usb 2.0 voltage is 5v so if you have the lightning to micro usb adapter you won`t experience any problems . but directly conecting the micro usb from your samsung galaxy nexus wont work .
technically yes , but you need a lightning to micro usb adapter , like this one .
eldarerathis is right . the iphone 5 uses a lightning cable . meanwhile , the galaxy nexus uses a micro usb cable . as you can see , they are quite different .
finally i was able to import smses using sms importer lite . this post was very helpful to make it work . it was required to configure sms importer this way : source type : custom in advanced preferences : seperator : , sender position : 3 date position : 6 body position : 8 otherwise it always failed with " unexpected error " message .
an accepted solution is described with the question how to move contacts and other data from symbian to android ? -- which might be of special interest to you , as it covers the transfer of other data as well . the sms migrator tool described there does , according to its description . . . 4 steps to migrate / import / transfer / move sms from iphone , window mobile , symbian ( nokia ) , blackberry , sony errison , samsung , siemens , and so on to your android . a step-by-step guide can be found on the product 's website .
you can go to Settings &gt; Display and then un-check auto-rotate . since that is rather inconvenient , i installed an app called power toggles which makes it possible to force lock the screen orientation to landscape or portrait from the notification bar very easily . i particularly liked this app since its very lightweight , only about 248kb . it also makes it possible to add single-click actions for things such as the turning on the flashlight or mobile hotspot .
to lock home screen so it would not rotate , just go to launcher settings and disable " rotate screen " . that is all you need to do . i am referring to nexus 4 with os 4.3 there is nothing is settings that will help . i have been fighting with this for a week not remembering how i did it in the first place . .
tap the red and white diamond icon in the upper left-hand corner of the map screen to change orientation/view setting in navigation . that should get you back to the " behind the wheel " turn-by-turn view you want . ( just a note that the red half of the icon will always point north no matter what mode you are in . ) i was stuck on this one too and there is no option in the " settings " menu to define the orientation view .
clearing the app cache ( and data ) seems to have resolved the issue for me .
found the answer . the image file goes on the sd card , and then execute the following commands in terminal emulator : su flash_image recovery /sdcard/&lt;filename&gt; 
the above mentioned gosms method will work . export them to xml . get a useful xml reader . i have done it with notepad but its a lot harder to read . you need to find all of the old number , and replace all with the new number . save . then delete all conversations on your phone . this will help you get a clean slate for messages to be added . then import to your device . i have done this with " sms backup and restore " app and it works . it is also worth noting that you can export and combine the conversations too . between old and new number . but you will have to change more in the xml such as the total number of sms messages usually in the beginning of the xml .
i have not tried this , but it might work : the go sms pro app has an export and import feature . you could export the conversation to an xml file , do a search and replace of the number , and import it back . i have no idea if it will override the conversation of the new number , so better do a back-up first . or you might as well export both conversations ( old and new numbers ) and merge them . just take note though that the xml file has an sms count ; you might want to update this value . as for the call log , i have no idea . i think call logs are not very useful anyway .
install google maps engine . google maps engine on android enables you to view your custom maps anywhere , anytime . i am not sure , but navigation will probably not work as described here : for navigation , searching for local places , etc . please check out the google maps for mobile app .
go to google play --> menu --> my apps --> update all the " update all " should be near the top right corner . the default for most apps is " allow automatic updating " . this can be changed for each app from this same screen by clicking on the app and checking the box " allow automatic updating " . btw sometimes an app requires a manual update . the update all function will leave those out you have to click on each app and hit the update button . i do know google play will not let you update an app if it thinks the update is not compatible with your version of software or hardware .
the cable does make a huge difference , so i am glad that i read your new cable made it last for a day . in addition , once a week you want to do a full charge cycle . completely waste the battery , [ to the point where you can not boot ] and charge it for 8 hours straight , off . i find that shorter , thicker cables make the battery of the device last longer .
i have had a very similar problem a couple of times in the past with my samsung tablet . it was always software-related , and never the cable or charger ( i have two original samsung chargers for that tablet , and both had the same problem , as did various cables . for me , it would not charge past 50% . the first time , i let the battery discharge all the way until the tablet went into severe battery-saving mode , and i let it go as long as i could until i lost patience . i then charged it up , and it worked ok after that . it happened again , it seemed , a few months later . this time , i unplugged the charger , turned off the power , then plugged it back in and it charged ok . samsung phones are often picky about chargers . i have found that some will not work at all with my samsung tablet , but will work with my lg g2 and my wife 's iphone , while others work with it , with my lg , and with my wife 's iphone . i never really figured out exactly why . but as with all chargers , sometimes they will work , but at only . 5 amp if you do not have the right match , or a special charge-only cable . so , if you have such a charger , it might not be able to keep up with the discharge . i worked in electronics repair , testing , and design for about 15 years , so i have a good understanding of the basics , and troubleshooting . people who suggest special short , thick , whatever cables are simply not very knowledgeable , or repeating misinformation from others who are just guessing out of partial knowledge . for the amount of current going through the cable , and the difference in resistance for different types of cable , the loss is negligible . the only time a cable will make a difference is if the connector is damaged , or it is wired in a nonstandard way internally . of course , a cheap cable can have a wire break , but that has nothing to do with size of cable . also , if you are not careful , the connector on the phone can be damaged , or have foreign matter caught inside , or some obstruction keeping it from making a good connection . the micro-usb connection is not the most robust way of making a connection , which is probably why they are creating a new standard .
this mostly starts when you upgrade your firmware . i believe the jelly bean upgrade is a big drain on the phone resources . my way out ? throttle down the cpu speed ( antutu or cpu-z can do the job for you )
had exactly the same , did the same as you asking questions and hearing lots of different answers . my solution new battery , couple of quid on ebay .
map was never implemented in aosp , the siii only had it from samsung tweaks .
it was broken in 4.2 when google rewrote the bluetooth stack .
i think it is safe to assume that the options listed here are the options you have available to you when running the fastboot binary . since there does not seem to be an override as a native function of fastboot , your only solution would be to access the source code of fastboot ( if available ) and remove or alter the part of the code where the device reboots . note that there might be very good reasons as to why the device reboots at that stage , so i would be careful with messing around with it .
bryan above is correct . there is no way to add a delay , at least not without a custom rom . to introduce a pause between the rings find an mp3 you like and use something like audacity to append a few seconds of silence after it . then use that file as your ring tone .
i use llama to do similar things on a schedule , e.g. put my phone on silent while i am at work during working hours , turn off wi-fi when i leave home , and so on . you can set events to occur based on where you are among other conditions such as time/date , screen on/off , battery level , etc . llama learns locations based on the cell towers that are in range rather than your wi-fi or gps location , so it does not eat into your battery at all . llama does not require root . i find it very easy to use and now that i have it configured the way i want , i do not ever look at it unless i want to change something .
i use tasker to do exactly that , and much ( much ) more . whether or not it can switch between 2g and 3g seems to depend on the handset , which you do not mention . here is an example from the tasker wiki , showing how to set the phone into airplane mode at night . note that the gps only uses power if something uses it , so turning it off is highly unlikely to make any meaningful difference to your battery life .
i use timeriffic ( free ) which will turn on/off wifi , gps , change ringer , brightness etc . based on timed schedules . unfortunately " use only 2g data networks " is not in the options .
if you do not mind paying for an app , then this is very similar to the sort of thing that locale for android does , you can set it to switch stuff on or off , or run apps on your phone when certain conditions like fine/coarse location , etc are met . there are also quite a few locale plugins ( many of them free ) available on the market that give it loads of extra functionality .
also , if you use juicedefender https://market.android.com/details?id=com.latedroid.juicedefenderhl=en that has an option for night mode with everything you were talking about and more , juicedefender is pretty awesome anyway . lastly , if you have rooted your phone , cyanogenmod http://www.cyanogenmod.com/ also has a night mode .
silence can toggle your ringer , wi-fi , bluetooth , and airplane mode settings automatically over scheduled intervals . features : simple , intuitive holo-themed interface schedule events that occur once , or repeat on certain days of the week change your ringer to silent , vibrate , or normal mode turn wi-fi , bluetooth , and airplane mode on and off change your settings back automatically when the scheduled event ends there is also a paid version without ads .
maybe sweetdreams can do the work for you . according to a ruleset it will turn off bluetooth , wifi and select the ringtone configuration of your choice during a determinate time range .
you can certainly do it based on your location : http://www.twofortyfouram.com/product.html i have enquired of their support whether you can use time as one of the switching criteria , i would be surprised if you could not . even if it is not available out of the box , there is a plugin system and scripting that i am sure would do it . i do not own the app so i cannot comment on it is efficacy , but i have seen good references . edit response from developer can locale be made to switch situations based on time alone , such as going silent at night regardless of location ? john - hi john , yes !
i own an htc desire and i like it a lot , it is comparable to the nexus one the tow things i am missing are the trackball and the google experience .
i would go the htc desire . you can run it on telstra 's 3.5g networks and get the true 21mbps speed over 3g . the nexus one is sold online only here - so servicing would be through visiting one of the limited htc centre 's . buying a desire from telstra gives you repair/help etc at every telstra store . yes the nexus one currently has an android 2.2 update and the official htc desire upgrade will not be till september - but there is already an unofficial rom for 2.2 on the desire people are running .
my recommendation would be for you to get the nexus one . though the nexus one and the desire both have the same 1ghz snapdragon processor , the nexus one now runs android 2.2 " froyo " that has a jit compiler that can execute code up to 6x as fast as the android 2.1 on the desire . the fact that the nexus one is the official google phone means that it is going to be the first to receive the latest software , while other devices ( like the desire ) will lag behind or not get updated at all . the other big deciding factor is htc 's sense . though many people like sense , there are others , including myself , that prefer the stock android ui . if you can , try and see if you can play with both uis before deciding which one you want to buy ( stock android 2.1 , which can be found on the motorola milestone , is similar to stock 2.2 , but lacks a shortcut to the phone dialer at the bottom on the home screen ) .
this does not directly address your three main things , so downvote me if you must , but one big current advantage to the nexus one is that it is really the google phone and gets preferential treatment when it comes to android updates . in the us at least , carriers who release and subsidize phones often call the shots as to what software ships on the phone and when it gets os updates , if ever . the n1 , being unlocked and carrier neutral does not have these issues . the htc desire has the sense ui which seems to lag behind upstream android releases quite a bit . however , some people greatly prefer the sense ui to the stock android ui , so there is a trade-off to be made there .
have you tried usb otg helper ? it works with either stock or custom rom . i have not seen the p500 listed as supported , but you could try .
in short , msm7x27 chipsets have very limited support for usb otg , that is despite there is an option in the kernel to build the driver for it , unfortunately it does not work and requires hackery to get it to work 100% ! in reference to this : update : my phone 's has three files libra.ko , librasdioif.ko , wireless.ko in /system/lib/modules those modules the op referred to , are tied to the sdio 's chipset support for both the sdcard mechanism and the wireless . notably , atheros 's ar6000 uses the sdio pins to activate the wireless , and is specific to that driver . offtopic : the sdio controls the sdcard mechanism , so yeah , it does sound ' cheap ' in the sense that using the pins for i/o off the sdcard mechanism , to control the wifi chip . . . as a fyi - zte blade and lg-p500 uses the near-identical array of peripherals such as chipset , wifi , but under different manufacturers ! have a mooch around the modaco thread governing both devices , you might find something in there !
maybe you should look into this rom , however i cannot guarantee if there is an availability for the nexus 7 . to quote : this rom lets you scale and project every app , every widget , even systemcomponents individually . remember , android is modular , everything is an app : lockscreen , navigationbar , dialogs , popups , keyboards , widgets , and your regular apps of course . apps have the capability to switch into various designs or layouts according to the device they run on . it is hybrid , meaning , that individual apps can change from tablet mode to phone layout mode on the fly . it is open sourced and is available on github . edit : thanks to eldarerathis for supplying the linky to the n7 version found on xda .
found a thread of people with the same issue . htc was contacted an to fix they said factory reset your phone : with the phone turned off , press and hold the volume down key . briefly press the power key . wait for the screen with the 3 android images to appear . press the volume down key twice to select clear storage . press the power . when asked to confirm , press volume up however this has not worked for many users . the second fix would be this : *hey i will gwy&lt ; ----- when you make a mistake like that instead of tapping the backspace button to get rid of your mistakes . press and hold it until it gets rid of your mistakes its a slight fix but its alot easier to have to deal with the whole delete by selection issue
no , performing a factory reset will not affect your hboot version . you should , however , be able to follow this guide instead ( which uses revolutionary ) . there is another page with instructions here which describes in a bit more detail what revolutionary does and where to go from there . the standard disclaimers with regards to possibly bricking your device apply , of course , and i can not guarantee 100% that it will work .
there is a deprecated api which allows to set preferred activities for specific intents . so you could for example set the adobe reader as the preferred activity to start when " open pdf " intent is sent however as it states this api is deprecated so it could be removed in future versions of android http://developer.android.com/reference/android/content/pm/packagemanager.html#addpreferredactivity(android.content.intentfilter , int , android.content.componentname [ ] , android.content.componentname )
you do not need any type of script . when user is presented with multiple pdf readers to choose from , one can found a checkbox Use by default for this action at bottom . check it and tap adobe reader . done !
you can install a third-party homescreen ( launcher ) app which supports gestures . some examples : holo launcher hd , apex launcher , nova launcher . note that such gestures will work only when the launcher is active ( i.e. . , they are not global gestures accessible from any app ) , and may be eaten by scrollable widgets if they are present at the homescreen , and you start the gesture inside such widget . globally accessible gestures are possible too ( e . g . , there are apps such as swipepad ) , however , this will increase resource consumption , because such app must be running all the time and listening for touch events , and also may conflict with other apps .
according to the mcc/mnc table for uk , your mnc code should be 20 , not 15 . also this page suggests that you need to enter default,supl,mms ( without spaces after commas ) in the “apn type” field . if this still will not work , try omitting all mms-related settings ( mmsc , mms proxy , mms port ) and entering default,supl in the “apn type” field , then , if you get your 3g internet connection working this way , add another apn just for mms with all settings and mms in the “apn type” field .
these days , the google play store ( renamed android marketplace ) does in fact have review filtering based on the rating . just click on " user reviews " and the "5 stars " , "4 stars " titles for the bar graphic are now clickable , and clicking them displays only reviews with that rating . thanks , google !
the comments are not searchable from the market app , nor are they searchable from the site , but you can search google using site:market.android.com my search terms here and it does include the comments when searching . all the comments are also visible on the market site under the " user comments " tab for the application .
this google voice search pop up appears to be a bug in the huawei ascend y300 model . from this thread on android forums that you are not alone with the issue but there is no resolution in the thread . further reading in this modaco thread that it might be related to the headphones causing something in the device to trigger voice search rather than the intended result e.g. skipping song , changing volume etc . one user ( referring to the headphones ) states : " i get this all the damn time on my y300 . in my case it is voice search that opens ( i am on cm11 ) and i tried renaming the voicesearch . apk in /system/app/ ( iirc ) but still it comes up . it is probably getting the contacts confused and triggering that third button on some headsets , but it is bloody annoying . " the fact he is using cyanogenmod and not the stock rom suggests a hardware issue rather than a software one . you could attempt to disable google voice search while listening to music as a workaround , althought it is part of search itself and this may be inconvenient on a day to day basis .
skype settings -> notifications
maybe the touch sensor is broken , had the same issue with an old motorola milestone : only the left third of the screen was detecting events ( and rightmost pixel line ) . i could unlock it with a 2 finger gesture ( tap and hold left , tap and hold right side , then release left . the slider then jumped to the right and unlocked . the milestone has a hardware keyboard which i then used to further navigate
the most impact on smoothness improvements had newer android releases , notably 4.1 jelly bean , but 4.2 and 4.3 also added new techniques to make it more smooth ( project butter in 4.1 , triple buffering in 4.3 , emmc trim support in 4.3 ) . almost all recent hardware has 1gb+ ram , a sufficient graphics processor and multiple cores to enable smooth ui operation . usually , the premium line is best , but in general look at devices with recent android versions . google 's nexus line has the best support here .
it is not that simple . the ' headline ' specs certainly matter , but so do a lot of things they do not print on the spec sheet : the ram controller speed , the cpu and gpu l2 cache sizes , the power management settings , etc . it might have a 2 ghz quad-core cpu , but that is no use if it is always underclocked for power or heat reasons , or it is always waiting for the ram . cheap chinese devices in particular often have good specs on the spec sheet , but they pair those with the cheapest components they can find , to keep the price down . the quality of the software integration is a big factor . old , buggy drivers , or wrong settings chosen by the manufacturer 's software people , can really reduce performance . if they have also changed the system apps ( particularly the launcher or the system ui ) , or included some always-running crapware or spyware , that'll slow things down too . really , the number on the product description that is best correlated with smooth performance is the one after the dollar sign .
on my galaxy s , turning on usb debug mode in Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Development turns off this notification .
microsoft onenote now has an official app for android . you can edit and sync up to 500 notes .
i have followed this issue , and i am quite sure mobilnoter is the best that can be done until ms comes out with an android version of onenote . unlike a mac version , that move seems inevitable , since many windows users are on android .
mobilenoter se will sync with skydrive (office.live.com) but is currently read only . for a couple of weeks in early april , firefox on android worked on office . live . com directly , but m$ changed something and now you can not edit your onenote files online in any android browser i have tried ( and i have tried almost all of them ) . very frustrating . alan
astro file manager does all those things , although i have to agree with webs and say that you should not use task killers as they are no longer needed . for more information , go to application fundamentals and scroll down to component life cycles . just trust the system , the way android is designed means you do not need to do memory management , the os does it for you . even the developer of advanced task killer said in an interview that his application is no longer needed .
if you are running android 2.1 or 2.2 you do not want to use app killers . it actually hinders performance and could cause more problems because android has built in app killing functionality into the os . no app currently exists that can do all three of those . you can get an app that can do the first one , there are lots of those but i would not recommend any of them . or you can get an app that can do those last two . . . native marketplace uninstaller appbrain app market my market app center - by androidpit
i agree that it could potentially cause problems ( i have only had one problem app [ sportstap used to give me a pop-up when i would force-kill it ] , and that has subsequently been fixed ) , but they definitely have their place . sometimes i want to kill everything possible in one fell swoop because of a problem with the app . for example , the built-in newsfeed widget sometimes messes up my touch screen , and killing it corrects my touch issues . nonetheless , i am using taskpanel these days . as webs said , it does not do install/uninstalls , but since he covered those , i figured i would recommend my task killer of choice .
that was an early review . the note taking has been sped up considerably and although it is not quite as fast as a real pen on paper it is now a natural feel and i have not found a better writing experience on any electronic device .
according to the review on engadget , note-taking is laggy ; up to a second between writing a letter and it appearing .
depends on the rom developers . unfortunately no one but someone with an eris or someone that develops for rom manager could answer this question . just download it and see what you get . the way rom manager works is the developers have to contact the rom manager team with the appropriate information that can then be added to the app . so rom manager team can only do so much to get roms in it . plus there are a lot of side conversations about how well clockwork recovery actually works when wiping , but i have never had a problem with this . and the issue of some roms do not play well with clockwork recovery either . on the evo cyanogen is very good about keeping the rom up to date in rom manager . which is nice since it is updated nightly . i say try it again . remember that paying for it will give you access to all the roms , so if you have not paid for it you might not see some roms that you would otherwise see .
here is how a samsung gt-s5300 was unlocked which according to the user would not recognise its screen lock pin anymore . no data was lost during the process . the device was not rooted , nor did it had anything fancy installed . an internet connection ---wifi or g2/3/4--- is required though . unplug the charger from your device . install the free version of screen lock bypass reset . ignore any warnings about purchasing the pro version . once installed , a bypass can be activated by plugging in the charger . the black screen lock bypass reset screen appears . hit the return key ⏎ on your device to show the temporarily unlocked device desktop . this offers a window of opportunity to approve the lock and erase application which can be sent from any internet the google android device manager website . after approval , it may take anything up to half an hour to become visible on the google android device manager website . once visible on the website , click on Lock to enter a new pin . the device can now be unlocked with the new pin .
yes , you can delete the pin data from the settings database . in the below instructions , anything that follows a # or sqlite&gt; is a command you should enter ( from an adb shell ) : when the phone reboots the pin lock should be disabled . if this does not work then try executing the following from within sqlite ( second might not be needed ) : sqlite&gt; select * from secure; sqlite&gt; select * from system;  these two commands will simply list all entries in the secure and system tables , respectively . that will help you find the proper rows that need to be deleted in the case that they are named differently ( though i do not think they will be as i just tested this on my own cyanogenmod 7 install ) .
middle mouse button does it for me !
unfortunately there is currently no way to get the right mouse button working as a right mouse button . long press is the only way to do it . sorry .
i actually had this very same issue . i contacted nextbook and it was very hard to get in touch with them by phone or email . finally i got an email back with some ideas , including doing a reset for the whole tablet . however , i believe what actually fixed it is that i bought a cheap hdmi to mini-hdmi cable on amazon to plug into my tv ( which works quite nicely ) and once i plugged it in and out , that seemed to fix the problem of sound not working/screen rotating . i have not seen the problem happen again , so i think there was just some slight connection problem that is now okay . i hope it works for you .
if you are rooted , you may try getting the camera apk from the 9000 onto your 9003 , but a safer and easier way would be to use alternate apps from the market . what features precisely are you missing out on in the 9003 from the 9000 ? you can try using other camera apps like camera zoom fx or fxcamera . loads more in the market , have a look-see .
download dialer app . disable default dialer , clear app data and cache restart phone ( notice there is no dialer app ) install downloaded call dialer app . done . works 100% . tried it on my phone p.s. , search for " nexus 4 call dialer app "
i disabled the phone app , cleared the cache , and the data . rebooted the phone and enabled the phone app . now all seems to be working well .
your best bet would probably be to backup using adb backup and restore it to the new device . the command you would use is : adb backup -all -f C:\backup.ab or substitute the path of your choice in place of c : . the full process and entire list of options ( which you could use to backup and restore specific apps and settings , like your homescreen ) can be found here .
you might be having merged contact which you are trying to delete . to delete the whatsapp from the contact , you would have to delete the contact from phone list and then delete the contact from whatsapp . obvisouly , you and again save the numbers in the contact list .
delete the contacts directly from the sim card ! use the sim card manager !
make sure that the phone that you get has a micro-hdmi port , in addition to the traditional usb port . this will allow you to transfer video more easily . as you noticed , there are two types of converters- the tiny ones , and the large bulky ones with a power supply . the difference is , as stated on the link you sent , that : unlike passive adapters ligawo converter has a power supply , thereby allowing a built-in signal amplification and processing of the image . provides the signal source sufficient current through hdmi this converter can also be used without power supply . so yes , the larger ones with power supplies would probably be better in terms of signal quality , and could still be used without being plugged in . however , due to their bulk , the better signal processing ( i am not an expert on signal processing , so i do not know how large of a difference it would make- i have used the small kind , although with a laptop , and it worked perfectly fine ) might not be worth it- it is up to you to decide which type is right for you . as of how the resolution is scaled , it should work automatically for all , if not most , converters . just double check if it says something like " input resolution hdmi up to 1080p possible 480p - output resolution vga " ( from the link you sent ) . it should not be a problem to downscale to a specific amount that you want- in the settings -> hdmi -> hdmi format , you should be able to change the output resolution . for more info , look here- it is two years old , but the features should still be the same with new phones running jb/kitkat . as of the software to run , there are many free and premium solutions available in the google play store that will work well . if you prefer presenting with pdfs , pdf reader or office suite 7 should work . however , pdfs are a somewhat unconventional presentation format ( although they can work ) , so you should consider using actual presentation software for a better experience . google drive for mobile would work well , since you could edit your presentation on a computer ( or your phone ) and then present it on your phone , plus it is free . you could also use presentation pal , or office 2012: presentations , or some other presentation software- there are lots out there , and there is bound to be one that works good for you . all presentation software in the play store should work well for your purpose . i hope this helps !
you can use a samsung galaxy beam as a projector if you have got such device . there must be second hand editions of it somewhere on the internet if you do not want to pay a lot for a brand new one .
i collected some information relevant to this question in an answer to how to connect your nexus phone to a vga projector ? – which is the question i actually wanted to ask here , but was told it is too much subject to change to induce answers of interest to future generations . ; - ) in short : it appears there is no real difference between hdmi-to-vga converters and hdmi-to-vga adapters , because also those devices that claim not to need a power supply actually need extra power under many circumstances . there are no " hdmi settings " on stock android , though manufacturer-specific android versions as well as " custom roms " of course may include them . additionally , there are android apps that appear to be able to change the output resolution . it appears that the biggest obstacle to getting a vga signal from an android device via an hdmi-to-vga converter is the circumstance that hdcp seems to be enabled by default for all content , and there is no ( simple ) way to disable it , at least on stock android . standard converters simply do not output a vga signal if the input is copy protected .
settings > > accounts and sync > > add account > > facebook enter your facebook info check the sync contacts checkbox
you can use syncmypix to download display pictures off facebook of your contacts and use those for pre-existing contacts .
apparently the problem is with apps installing to the sd card . running the following command in the terminal fixed the problem for me : su rm /mnt/secure/asec/smdl2tmp1.asec 
removing smdl2tmp1.asec is the solution , but because " su " will lead to " permission denied " if you do not have a rooted phone , and because the /mnt/secure/ appears to be empty , removing the file can be hard . alternatively you can do the following : connect the phone to a computer with usb mount the sd card as a disk drive remove .android_secure/smdl2tmp1.asec
i have this same problem , intermittently , with my n1/froyo/cm6 . i do not know why it happens , but it is been happening since the froyo update afair . i have noticed it happens less often if i stay in one place . this led me to the theory that , since i live at a university , the fact that networks will pop in and out of range even as i enter my dorm and walk up to my room will make my n1 think that the network 's unstable and thus disable it . toggling definitely fixes the issue .
i have had a similar problem , though intermittent , on my adp2 ( =mytouch 3g ) running froyo ( via cm6 ) . i believe that networks become disabled when a connection attempt fails . i suspect something like the first connection attempt occurring when you are only barely in range , and once that fails , the network is " disabled " until you explicitly choose it and successfully connect .
you could kill two birds with one stone . . . y5 is a little app that automatically toggles the wifi connection when you enter/leave cells with known wifi access points . i would bet that toggling wifi might help it connect when it detects a network it knows .
i have the same issue with my dell xcd35 ( froyo 2.2 ) i am guessing the issue is with the os and not the instrument . using all the possible techniques do not work . the only way the connection lasts is if the phone does not sleep - and since that is not an option . only solution is to downgrade ( i have no issues on my eclair 2.1 galaxy 3 ) or upgrade to gingerbread . if anyone has solved the matter without either of the above issues , please let me know too . i am stuck !
unless munged by samsung , while in the people app you should be able to go to menu &rarr ; contacts to display and then choose the account for which you want to see contacts . there is even a " customize " option which allows one to , for instance , only display contacts from certain of an account 's contact groups .
a factory reset will not wipe the sdcard partition . in most cases , you can restore some application data like that ( ex : whatsapp ) . this might differ for an s3 but i know this is the behavior on nexus devices . another option if you have a custom bootloader is that you might be able to access the internal memory using adb shell .
whatsapp uses sqlite databases for recording chat history . it is not possible to restore without writing custom code to convert plain text into sqlite database accepted by whatsapp . i do not know of any such tool .
the issue is most likely caused by a wrong apn configuration . though customer care told you their card is " self configurable " , this may well be relative : many roms ( especially custom roms like cyanogenmod ) come with a built-in list of apns , which are matched against the provider as specified by the sim card , and used correspondingly . while those matches usually are fine , there might be exceptions – e.g. when the provider made changes to his configuration after the rom was released . or did not provide all details : apns might need different parameters for e.g. 3g than for lte . as you have got a second android device where the card is working fine , put the sim into that device go to settings ( usually network → telephony or similarly ; different roms might place it slightly different ) tap the apn and select to adjust it do not adjust anything , just write down its parameters in a second step , put the same sim to your n7 go to the same settings page compare your values and , if something differs , adjust it i bet your device then will connect fine . if not ( or if there are no differences ) , it is probably a hardware issue , and you need to send your n7 for service .
art is currently only included as an option so that developers can test their apps for compatibility , it does not offer benefits for normal people just running normal apps on their phones , quite the opposite in fact at the moment as many of them are not compatible in their current version . there is a reason that the option to enable art is hidden away in the hidden developer menu .
art is still a work in progress and things may or may not work as expected . you can not do anything about except wait for the application 's developer coming with a fix and/or wait for art to be more stable .
you should be able to use alcatel 's " one touch upgrade " tool found here to re-flash the phone with its stock firmware .
i am afraid that what you want to do is not possible . you can come close by using eds on the phone , but your computer will not be able to read the files directly . truecrypt will be able to decrypt the containers , but i think you might have some problems with handsets using mtp rather than usb mass storage . essentially what you want is for android to support the " secure " part of " secure digital " . what you want to do is built into the sd card spec , where a password can be set on the card and can then only be read on that device . for instance , the samsung focus wp7 handset locked sd cards to it , and these were not readable in other devices . most devices simply saw the cards as unreadable , not even able to format them . only symbian handsets seemed to be able to recognise these cards were locked to a handset and were able to format these cards , but not read the data that was on them .
you could use encryption on the entire drive . this can be done with certain apps like eds ( which creates an encrypted container on the device , which requires a password to be opened -- but after that the file system is mounted transparently for all apps to access ; these containers are truecrypt compatible ) . some of these apps ( like e.g. cryptonite or luks manager ) require the device to be rooted . however , if those encryption does not work on the device filesystem itself ( but uses containers ) , i am not sure how an app will work with it if it expects files at hard-coded places . you can try and find out , as most of the encryption apps offer free trial versions .
sorry , to best of my knowledge it cannot be done . but however , you can only encrypt your content . please see this post , which explains few alternate ways with which you can encrypt the files that are being stored . mobisafefile is one such application that helps you to encrypt .
why not use the built-in wi-fi , and use a network monitor tool like fing ?
no you cannot . to do that , you need access to app ops from where you can disable certain operations on a per-app basis . there is no way to do this right now without rooting your device .
try " colornote " https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.socialnmobile.dictapps.notepad.color.notehl=en it stores the data on the ext sd card or usb storage , whatever applicable . so even when you wipe or reset your phone , your notes are still on the sd card .
read [ this ] : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1259739 after you flash the latest rom you could flash the usb host mode which is [ here ] : http://goo.im/devs/psyke83/roms/u8160/hotfixes called usbhost1-cm-7-20120729-madteam-u8160 . zip enjoy .
yes it is possible . you have to install one application from market . there is an option to send all contacts via bluetooth or email . but i do not see any option to send a group of contacts in android system . there is an application called go contacts with which we can group the contacts and send it via email , sms or bluetooth . its a free application available on android market .
you can do this by holding the power button + the home button simultaneously .
as of version 4.3.10 , the google play store now has a " recently updated " section under " my apps " , which is ultimately what i wanted .
you could try elixir 2 . if you go to applications , you could sort it by update time . elixier screenshot ( click image for larger variant )
also es file explorer has this feature . open the fast access menu from the top left corner , and select Tools -&gt; App manager . this will open a list of your installed apps . after this , you can sort the list from the bottom of the screen , and select the desired sort .
list my apps does this . though you might need some script-fu to sort the output by date .
you can try apk edit . launch apk edit . exe and load the apk file you need to change icon the exe will display the app icon and name under general tab you can change the icon and load the apk back to the phone note : this process will cause problem on update of the app . when google play notifies the update , you can uninstall the app , install the app again and change the icon .
most third-party launchers ( home screen apps ) let you replace an app 's icon with one of your choose , and they feature downloadable icon packs : often with co-ordinated icons for common apps , so you can have all your app icons matching , or just change one you do not like . the exact method depends on which launcher you choose , so check out that launcher 's help , or post a new question with the launcher you are using . if you are mainly interested in changing the icon of a shortcut ( not the icon in the app drawer ) , then you do not need to go to the hassle of installing and setting up a new launcher . some apps let you create a home screen shortcut using any picture or icon of your choice , and choose what app to launch from this icon . for example , my app showr ( free download from google play ) is a home screen widget with this feature . you can use a fixed icon that you pick from your phone or download , or you can even have the picture update from the web at set intervals ( e . g . create a shortcut to the facebook app with the latest photo from your timeline ) . if you choose to do it this way , the steps are as follows . install showr from google play add the widget to your home screen : from the app drawer , go to the list of widgets , find showr ( there might be several pages ) , and drag it to the right place on your screen . choose the image , icon , or photo you want from the gallery or another app , or if you want to download an image or rss feed , choose web address and paste the address . now the widget 's created , click on it and choose settings from the menu . in the widget settings , change when you click the widget to launch an app , and then click app to launch to choose which app . do not forget to rate/review showr , to help other android users find it . you can change the size of the shortcut in the usual way , by long-tapping it and then dragging the handles that appear .
a short google search for " spmo file " reveals that these are " speedview meta object " files and speed up the display of images . they are probably some sort of cache file and should be automatically recreated if you delete them .
menu -> go to labels -> drafts . it is really just a label .
( 1 ) what are the non-google alternatives to gmail , talk , voice , maps , google calendar on the nexus one ? can not say specifically about nexus one , but the stock android platform does not come with google-branded apps ; so , yes , it is possible for the phone to live without google . however , imo if you are using android and avoiding google 's services , you are missing a lot . the stock email application can sync to gmail or other mail services through imap and pop . however , just like syncing gmail from desktop through thunderbird/outlook , you will not be able to use the unique gmail features , like priority inbox , archival , labeling , etc . applications that uses cloud to device messaging ( a . k.a. push-to-device ) requires a google account . without c2dm , applications would have to poll their servers periodically , therefore draining the battery . there are alternative implementations c2dm that does not connect to google 's servers , however most programs are not designed for those alternative implementations and may have problems . google 's android market is the largest android market place . needless to say , you will not be able to download as much apps as easily if you avoid google 's android market . google maps and navigations can be replaced by , e.g. waze , navdroyd , ndrive , rmaps , etc . i do not think there is a good replacement for streetview , however . there are certainly replacements for google calendar , however , i have not used any of them , so i cannot comment on how good they are . ( 2 ) do they really perform as fast as the " native " google apps/services ? yes , if we are to believe google 's words , none of the google 's apps use any " hidden " android apis that could magically cause their software to outperform other applications . however , because google is google , google 's own apps typically have the best integration to the android platform and 3rd party programs typically would prefer to integrate their own apps with google 's applications . also , since nexus one is a " pure google experience " phone , this means rooting and installing custom roms on a nexus one is among the easiest from all android devices .
android comes with an email app that lets you use any pop3 , imap , or exchange account . talk can be replaced by meebo , ebuddy messenger , and many others . voice is a fairly unique service but some features can be sort of replaced -- you can use a sip phone number and an app like sipdroid for calls , or something like kik messenger for text-like instant messages ( think blackberry messenger ) . searching " maps " in the market shows several results that look promising , same with calendar . the email app is very , very buggy and low on features . i am confident there are other mail apps that are better though . on the other hand , talk is also pretty buggy ; i find ebuddy to be much better . and many people have problems with calendar . when it really comes down to it , a quality app is a quality app , whether google wrote it or not . android does not seem to be as biased toward google 's apps as windows was towards microsoft 's apps . my hodgepodge of google and non-google apps works well for me and i am sure you can get a set of apps that will work at least as well overall as google 's apps do .
are you perhaps using the volume control and going all the way to the " bottom " ? that turns on silent mode in my droid . are you hitting the wrong option on the menu when you hit the power button ? i am not familiar with the lg ally , so i do not know if they might have added an extra feature to make it easy to get into silent mode . did you check the manual ?
i had this problem with my new htc touch . i kept accidentally pressing the ' volume down ' button whilst holding the phone . after putting a gel case on the phone , this is not longer a problem , as the case covers the buttons so they are not so sensitive .
i had a similar problem on my motodroid , and downloaded ringguard from the market . it is a simple app that detects whenever the ring volume changes and pops up an on-screen dialog to confirm . if you do not confirm the change within a couple of seconds , it cancels it .
my apologies if this is too much of a me-too , but i will second al everetts comments on the volume control . i have this problem in 2 situations : 1 . in the bracket i use in the car , one of the foam blocks rests a little on the down volume button . i have since cut the foam to reduce this issue . 2 . when i am holding it in landscape mode , i often bump the volume buttons . there are on-screen indicators though , so i usually do not do it without noticing .
generally , what you need to achieve this is to connect to the serial console of the system . like on a desktop system , this gives you all the kernel and init messages as the device boots , and access to a shell once the device has booted . how to connect to the serial console varies between devices , and you have not told us which device you have . usually , you need to take the main board out of its case ( this is irreversible in some devices , as you have to damage the case to get it open ) , and find the serial port . in most cases , there will not be any connector there , just exposed points on the motherboard to solder a connector or ribbon cable to . you need to find the datasheet for the device online to find the right point to connect to . on some devices , the serial console is instead provided by connecting a special adaptor to the headphone jack . with a proper build of the kernel , the device can be made to send serial output on that connector , and you can connect to it with an adaptor you make yourself ( if you can get the specifications from the manufacturer ) .
instant upload is a feature of google+ , which uploads the photos you take with your camera to a private photo folder on google+ for easy sharing . this option allows you to enable/disable this feature , but it can also be controlled from other google apps like google+ and google settings . more info sync internet means syncing your browser history , bookmarks , form input data and other settings on chrome . this requires that you use the same google account on all instances of chrome that you want to sync . i am not certain if this feature syncs the data also to the stock browser , but it is possible .
a female-to-female usb adaptor can not fill the role of a usb-on-the-go cable . a device that uses usb-otg has the usb hardware and the drivers needed to act as a usb host or a usb peripheral . the wiring of the usb-otg cable tells the device which role to act in . ( the host side has two pins wired together , but the peripheral side does not . ) most usb peripherals do not have the required hardware or software to act as a usb host . the samsung galaxy tablet 2 7.0 does , but it needs a correctly wired adaptor so that it knows it is supposed to be acting as a host . samsung makes and sells a 30-pin to usb host adaptor , so you might be able to find one at your local electronics shop .
the short answer is no you can not share your iphone 's 3g connection with your galaxy tab 2 over usb .
this is for battery calibration . basically there is a sensor in your phone that is used by your phone to tell how full/empty the battery is . this sensor does not actually know how full your battery is , all it knows is how much power is coming from your battery at the time . the problem it has is that all batteries are slightly different , and their capacity goes down over time and usage ( a three year old battery will not be able to hold as much charge as a brand new battery ) . your phone keeps a record of the maximum power it is ever had from the battery , as well as knowing the minimum power that it can safely work with before it has to turn itself off . it uses the difference between those two numbers , and the current power at any time to calculate how much percentage of your battery you have left at that time . so with a new battery , the phone might be telling you that the battery is fully charged because it is charged to the highest level the phone 's ever seen , but if you leave it charging a bit longer then it might charge more , and then the phone can recalibrate itself and use this new value as the most it is ever seen . you should only need to do this " over-charging " with a brand new phone/battery , after that the phone know the maximum values , and can more accurately tell you when it is full .
routers from mikrotik with routeros has problems with 4.0.4 androids as well . you have to upgrade to 5.22rc1 . contact support@mikrotik . com to get this test version ( in case if you are reading this the 5.22 is not already released officialy = )
easy fix . do not use your wi-fi password . use the wireless key # . i have been trying over and over with my personal password and kept getting the same authentication errors everyone has been discussing with u-verse . i pulled the paperwork that the installation guy gave me and just taking a last resort shot at it , i tried the wireless key # written on the paperwork . it connected immediatley . . . this reportedly also works with the verizon branded samsung galaxy s iii . their 2nd level support only suggests factory resetting which will not help . only the above mentioned technique does
i have at and t u-verse at home . my s3 connected to the gateway with no issues . did you try to remove the saved network from the phone , factory reset the gateway and then try adding it . if that fails , try to manually add the ssid and key after you remove the network from the phone settings . worst case ask them to send you a new gateway . if you changed the ssid at any point or added static ips you might need to factory reset , add the phone and then add the statics to the gateway again .
i went around in circles with this by trying open and wpa security but nothing worked . the phone was not even listed on the router 's device list . the mac address filter was the problem . i fixed the issue by adding the phones mac address to the routers " white list " and now everything works well . check you router mac filters or turn them off .
with the recent update google navigation service only works with location activated . i could not get it to work with location disabled regardless of gps status .
you can still use gps without having google location services enabled . when you disable the location services you are opting out of sending data to google . google location services is actually an internet database ( google location server ) that is made available to mobile device manufacturers as an application licensed by google . this is the database that is updated with wifi and cell id data from devices running android , and was initially populated with data collected by the street view cars ( up until 2010 anyway ) . it helps your device obtain a quicker initial fix by using wifi ap or cell id information . it is used to augment the gps , uses less battery life , and is sometimes used instead of gps if you are indoors or do not have strong gps signal . as noted on google 's support site , for ics 4.0+ maps will still work with just the gps activated . http://support.google.com/gmm/bin/answer.py?hl=enanswer=165333 in short , the settings you have above should allow you to use your gps without the help of the cellular network or nearby wi-fi aps . you will have to be outdoors in order to use this feature though , and it can take up to 4 minutes to get a location . so if you are waiting on a fix and you have google location services disabled , you will have to be patient . let 's address the battery drain--review the third-party location-aware applications you have installed . some are poorly programmed and could be requesting gps refreshes at a high rate , taxing your battery . also if you are only using gps to navigate , it is a battery hog .
i do not believe this is a hardware limitation , but just the way the phone 's manufacturer chose to implement the battery reporting code . my droid 2 also only showed by 10% increments . however , on my current setup i am using the Circle Battery Widget available on the market and it displays the percentage in 1% increments .
if you visit the market page for battstatt , the developer 's site for battery left widget , and this motorola owners ' forum thread you will start to notice a theme . several motorola phones do not report their battery levels in increments of 1% .
most likely it is a battery saving feature . polling the battery state too often will drain it quicker , so manufacturers adjust the polling periods to sacrifice accuracy for better battery life .
here are the details about the rooting s3 mini http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2185700
i do not have an htc one , but i use go sms pro which is a third party sms/mms app that has a easy setting in there to only show a " new message " notification instead of actually showing the message 's contents . you said you did not want another application , so you might be able to look through the settings of the default messaging app on the one and see if there is something similar . if not , i highly recommend go sms pro to solve this issue and several others .
you can try installing a different launcher app via the android market web interface . on your pc go to play store and sign in with the same google account as on your phone . find any home replacement app . click on the install button to send the app directly to your phone ( if you have several android devices you will need to select the phone . ) after a few minutes try unlocking your phone . it should ask you to select a launcher app , so pick the one you just installed , or the default one .
if you can connect to the device with adb ( android sdk ) you can open a command line and do : adb uninstall com.gau.go.launcherex adb uninstall com.jiubang.goscreenlock those will remove both go launcher ex and golocker . if you can not you may have to do a factory reset , which will remove all the apps and data on the device ( but to even do that you need to get to the settings application )
if your phone is rooted , you can try to install meltus ' galaxy volume modifier . this is for the samsung galaxy siii international version only . requirements : an international samsung galaxy s iii with root access and busybox the rom you are running must be a samsung rom ( i.e. . not cm ) a knowledge of adb , fastboot and the flashing process , just in case .
this might seem silly , but i had this problem on my razr maxx hd and my solution was to use a canned air blower ( with a thin straw ) into the earphone jack . it blew out ridiculous amounts of lint that must have been accumulating from the phone being in my pants pockets .
you can do either way . the safe method is to update and then root the phone . but you can also root and then install the ota update . but ota will fail if you have custom recovery modified any part of the system like removed bloat , xposed , etc still there is a post in xda to update ota with custom twrp recovery .
most likely this is a problem with the android-x86 image you have downloaded , or else that the virtual hardware you have set up in virtualbox does not match the configuration the image is expecting . check which image file you have downloaded , and make sure the configuration matches what is described in the setup instructions .
in most cases , yes . you should try it at least .
figured it out myself . while i had uninstalled the previous drivers through the control panel , and uninstalled through the device manager what i needed to do was uninstall through the device manager and check the delete check box before reinstalling . all works fine now .
yes , assigning a google account to a phone would incur data charges unless syncing is disabled as it will regularly sync calendars , email , etc . even so , other data related services may come into play ( eg , play store app update checking and downloading ) .
this depends on two factors . settings > wireless and network settings > mobile networks data enabled , if that is checked , all internet data goes through the telephony layer and treated as internet data . the other spot is in - settings > accounts and sync settings - background data and auto-sync are checked , it will chew up the bandwidth ( provided data enabled is checked from the previous spot above ) then yes , data charges will increase .
awesome drop can be used to accomplish this for smaller files . install the app https://market.android.com/details?id=com.dashwire.drop on your computer , open their site , enter the pairing code and drop files into the browser . it is pretty slick and easy to use . i use dropbox for most of my needs , it does not sync to my phone , but works for having files i want , close at hand .
use pushbullet this is the best way i found to do it . it has a web interface , a chrome extension and a firefox extension . it lets you push files , notes , lists , urls and addresses . it is only limitation is filesize under 10mb .
maxs ( modular android xmpp suite ) allows you to push files to your android device over xmpp . using xmpp as transport , the " desktop app " can be every xmpp client . which is one of the big advantages of maxs , as it does not need a dedicated desktop app . although there may be one in the future . note : according to the faq i have to disclose that i am involved into maxs . maxs is an open source gplv3 licensed android app . everyone can contribute .
gtalksms is able to send , browse and receive files from your android phone via xmpp ( gtalk ) . it is also a remote sms notifier and has various other features . note : according to the faq i have to disclose that i am involved in gtalksms . gtalksms is an open source gpl licensed android app . everyone can contribute .
i wrote an app called browser to phone . my app is similar to chrometophone , but it allows you to actually download the links to your phone : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.wiirecords.chrometophone
dropbox and ubuntu one has android client . foxtophone has a hidden feature to push arbitrary file from firefox to your phone .
in cyanogenmod at least , plugging a phone into your computer will make it offer to turn on usb mass storage , which exposes the sd card as writable . that is about as " drag and drop " as one can get . post specifics on your phone if you do not get this prompt . opinion : with data plans no longer being unlimited in the us , why not use a cable ?
found it . there is a direct dial widget you can add from the applications/widgets menu . when you select this , it prompts you to choose a contact . there are also shortcut widgets for direct message , open contact , etc .
keepass is an option . you can set up the keepassdroid app to use a password database that you keep synced with dropbox ( a good tutorial is available at androidpolice ) . not very elegant , but it might be what you are looking for .
you might like to try http://phonemarks.blogspot.com/
assuming lookout just used the standard " owner info " and your device uses the same . . . Settings &gt; Security &gt; Owner info  then uncheck " show owner info on lock screen " or edit the text to be what you want .
the only clue i could find is from their website where they state run android apps in the browser stream apps to any device or platform , on demand so , it appears they use some sort of streaming technology where the app runs in an android emulator instance running in their cloud and the content of the display is streamed to the clients browser . that would mean that technically , android does not run in the clients browser . the browser just acts as frontend to an ( emulated i guess ) android instance .
the solution was to reboot the phone . the com.fsck.k9 directory is now visible on the top level of the phones file system .
basically , the replacement lockscreen program will have a service running that recognizes when the phone ' locks ' and then overrides the default lockscreen with the one you have created through that app . there is typically a delay of a few seconds , so it is possible to still see the default lockscreen on occasion . i have been using WidgetLocker for some time now and have been very happy with it . it is available on the market .
i had similar problems with my new samsung galaxy tab 3 . when i wanted to write a post for a forum i got the writing window and the keyboard but when i typed three letters the keyboard vanished and this problem continued . later i discovered how to really shut down the tablet by pressing the switch-off a bit longer . then i got a message : switch off the tablet ? i clicked okay . when i turned on my tablet again after some time the trouble with writing was gone .
according to this page , if you need to connect to the device with adb then you will have to connect to adb via tcp . to enter adb tcp mode enter adb connect &lt;device-ip-address&gt;:5555 to go back to adb over usb enter adb usb
i think you are saying you want the pc to be the host for the usb hub ( so that it can connect to your phone ) but for the phone to also be the host for the usb hub ( so that it can connect to this other device ) . no , that will not work . usb connections are based on a tree structure . given this : PC----Hub----OtherDevice | | Phone  Phone can not be the parent of OtherDevice unless it is also the parent of Hub and therefore the PC . you should connect the phone directly to the other device , and access the phone over the network from the pc as ryan says in his answer .
going by your description , you are referring to the object circled in this screenshot that thing indicates that the city the time is being shown for is currently running on daylight savings time . in this screenshot , we see that new york is observing daylight savings time , and phoenix is not .
changing to summer time/daylight saving time ? i have it too and wondering what it is . . . it looks like a little sun with two pointers of a clock inside of it
the easiest way , without using any specialised tools is just to visit that app 's page in the android market . all apps in the market have their package name as part of their url , so you can just take your package name and prefix it with https://market.android.com/details?id= to get https://market.android.com/details?id=com.letang.game103.en which will take you to the page for king fighter ⅱ by letang , inc .
no . to move the app to /system/app directory your phone must be already rooted . you would want to install apex launcher as system app i.e. install in /system/app because of the following reason . note : due to limitations of the android framework , you will not be able to add widgets from the drawer unless apex launcher is installed as a system app ( root required ) . please read the faq for more information . if i misunderstood your question and if you were asking if installing app as system app in a rooted phone is that easy , then the answer is yes . you can do it as you have said and once you remove it , your phone will be back to the " ok " state . you can also use program like es file explorer or use adb to install as a system app .
the install fail is likely due to your system being read only . if you use es explorer , select tools and root explorer , and remount system to rw and try to install again . also make sure your launcher ( if it allows hiding icons ) is not hiding your contacts app
have you seen this post http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=990596 battery cover couses focus loss there is a youtube video on the post which makes a comparison , also sample pictures . hope this helps ; )
do not worry , you have a few options ! option one : ( i do not have an n7 anymore , so i do not remember if it supports adb push in twrp . but i think it does ) boot into twrp and use adb to push the file from your computer to your device . you can try to open a windows cmd prompt or linux terminal emulator , navigate to the local file , then do the following : adb push AOSP-4.3-JWR66V-grouper-rooted_Androguide.zip /sdcard/ this will push the file to the /sdcard/ directory - which should exist already ( even on a nexus device ) . option two : boot the device to fastboot/bootloader mode and flash any of the factory system images via the fastboot tool . because using fastboot can be intimidating . you could also use the nexus 7 toolkit to automate the process . this will put stock android back on your device , and will also remove twrp . fortunately , you can use the toolkit or fastboot to reinstall twrp immediately afterward .
the android developer documentation explains how to specify an intent in the argument to the am command . in your case you want -a to specify the action , -d to specify the data uri , and --ez to specify a boolean extra . you can find the action name by looking up Intent.ACTION_VIEW in the documentation . putting all of that together , you get:- am start -a android.intent.action.VIEW -d com.glass.videoglass:// --ez startFromWS true 
besides being unable to make traditional voice calls , one difference is there is no earpiece , so unless you have headphones , your voip calls , video chats , etc . . . will all be on speaker . since it is a tablet , it is obvious why you would not have one and it would look crazy holding that giant thing up to your ear . another difference that people also tend to overlook is sms . since there is no phone number associated with the tablet you will not get sms service . that can be mitigated by using services such as google voice which uses data instead of the sms protocol to send these messages but yet are delivered to the recipient as sms messages . due to the above you will be missing the phone and messaging app components of the android os on the nexus 7 ( although as of 4.4 messaging app has been integrated with hangouts ) . also you will have support for multiple user profiles on your tablet , which is not an option on android phones . btw , you will probably need to wear cargo pants to accommodate a nexus 7 , as it would probably be too large in your front pocket for you to sit comfortably .
i have been using lux lite and it works well for me . lux is not your ordinary brightness app . it intelligently adjusts the brightness of your display based on the environment you are in . if you step into a dimly lit room , lux will automatically lower the brightness of your display to make it not only comfortable to read , but to also preserve battery power . lux is also able to adjust the screen temperature of your display automatically to make it appropriate for night usage . at sunset , you can have lux automatically warm your display and switch to your night profile . if you are an astronomer , you can enable astronomer mode to cut out harsh white light . if you have a root enabled phone , you may even be able to apply these enhancements at a low level with lux 's plug-in system . perhaps the best thing about lux is that you can teach it how to behave . if the backlight is too bright or dim for your liking , simply open the provided dashboard , adjust the brightness slider to the level you desire , then hold the link button . lux will use this new ' link ' as a reference in future .
i say go to play store , when you will open my apps section the backed up apps will be downloaded automatically . make sure that you are connected to wifi or 3g .
no , it is entirely possible to buy from the play store several times a day . if this were not the case , the microtransaction-based games industry would be in huge trouble ! likely your first transaction tripped an intrusion detection algorithm at the bank . card-not-present ( cnp ) transactions get scrutinised more closely , and online purchases of digital goods even more so , because they are easier to use for fraudulent purposes . if you have never used google play with this card before , and especially if you have previously been a victim of card fraud , then the computers at the bank might have got suspicious . you need to call your card issuer to sort this out .
i use kitkat 4.4 , moto x . you cannot use any phrase you wish . i tried , and it does not work .
use " open mic " app from google play store
you can use the attempts described in louis 's post here , but they have limited success . as of now , there is no way to change the touchless control hotword to anything you want , but as per the " hack " you requested , using autovoice with tasker would be the way to go . you can set up autovoice to listen continuously for any hotword you want , then use that hotword through tasker to trigger google now . a tutorial for the setup can be found here that also uses autoshare . be aware that this workaround will not give voice responses , as it essentially records your voice and uses the input to do a text search . if i find a more usable example , i will share it here , but this may be as good as can be done without root .
apparently you can use the training software it includes and just train it to hear something else . as in , if it says " read this : " just say whatever you like .
i have not tried this myself but the following supposedly helps in getting a faster lock for samsung 's galaxy range of android devices . make sure gps satellite and wireless networks has been activated . then try with google maps . if you want to go back to the default setting : see if that helps . other users have also reported issues with the galaxy range of not receiving sms messages immediately after returning out of airplane mode . seems a touch buggy . . .
you could try to install sim contacts . i have not seen how to make it your default app for managing contacts , but i suppose you could drag the app icon to your homescreen or to the dock , so you can just access it quickly from there . with the sim contacts app , you can add , edit ( long-press on a contact and a menu will appear ) , or delete sim contacts . you can also choose to copy them on your phone . update #1: from izzy : also , if you do not want anything to be synced to google , make sure to turn off all sync options in settings → accounts and sync . by default , that is all enabled . as long as you add new contacts as sim contacts , they will not be synched to google . only contacts added as google contacts will be synched .
i have used myphoneexplorer in the past with my sony ericcson phone and it worked just great as a file manager to sync my phone with my laptop and to back up my contacts , notes , tasks , appointments , sms messages , alarms , photos , videos etc . now the same developer has a new free app called mylocalaccount ( available on google play ) . i have been using it for a couple of weeks now and it works well enough so far ( on my nexus 4 with android 4.3 update ) . you can add contacts and make changes ( add , edit , delete ) . also installed myphoneexplorer client on my phone and am able to use it to back up my contacts et al . also turn off auto-sync options if you do not want your data sync'ed with your google account .
if you can build and install a modified kernel ( or perhaps just drivers ) and root filesystem , and there exists driver source to use these on a desktop linux , then it should be possible . you might be able to re-write the driver to function via the usb host apis without root , but it would probably take root level access to get the result seen as a network interface . though without that you might still be able to make an on-device proxy server to get a browser to use it .
it is difficult to say with absolute certainty , but generally speaking that is not possible . some devices can be patched and hacked to include support for this , but i am not aware of one for the samsung galaxy s ii on any kernel . the flash drive , mouse and keyboard support is built-in to android whereas usb network dongles need to be hacked on to it . i know it is possible on a number of nvidia platfoms to connect huawei usb dongles , but on the samsung gear , i have never seen a way . in short , that is not known to be possible on the samsung galaxy s ii ics .
this looks like the file did not download properly . are downloading the file over wifi or mobile network ? if over mobile network , try wifi , and if wifi try mobile network . it looks like the file is corrupt and cannot be flashed - try opening the file on your computer or by using a file manager on your device . you can also try and use desktop update software .
hurrey ! after quite a bit of research i am now able to answer my own question . i was able to clean install jelly bean ( in opposite to the usual method of upgrading ) using official images posted by google . this obviously solved the issue . here are my instructions how to do this .
what you need to do is to enter the account information on the new tablet . it should ask you for it ( along with the other stuff like the time and date ) when you first power the device up . alternatively , it will ask you for it when you open up the play store/market app on the device . there is no need to remove the previous device from your account nor is there any way to . you can have at least 10 devices associated to the same google account at the same time . also , the device will automatically get removed from your account after it has not been in contact with the play store for about 9 months .
this device is not listed in google 's list of devices supported by google play . not all android devices have ( or can run ) google play : android is open-source , so anyone can make an android device , but only those certified by the open handset alliance are allowed the google apps and google play . it does not seem likely you will be able to use google play with this device . the manufacturer 's website looks like it was made by children , and shopnbc is the only retailer that advertises the device . i would suggest you stop buying tablets that are cheaply made for shopping channels and buy one from a reputable manufacturer .
since you do not have a dialer app in the tablet , ali kabiri 's answer can not be directly used . but there is a way to get into a mode where you can enter these " service codes " . see this blog post for images . open the contacts app exit the initial setup if it pops up go to menu -> settings long-press the blank space in the bottom of the screen , in the middle ( see images in link ) a button called " enter service code " should appear tap the button to get a " dialer " enter the code *#*#73556673#*#* demo mode should now be deactivated !
you can dial <code> *#*#sellmore#*#* or *#*#73556673#*#* </code> and you will not see the demo mode anymore , but a normal retail phone does not have demo mode activated . . . and you have to consider that demo-activated phones does not have warranty . edit : as onik said , if your tablet does not have dialer application installed , so you have to access the service menu for inserting service commands , so you can do the following as described in the link : xperia tablet z : how to access the service menu
this is the current list of supported devices . there look to be 3 top level variants for the note 3 . if you select the model then press the more info link there is a list of the actual model numbers . i am not sure if all the note 3 variants are ant capable but i think the majority are , you need to check the exact model number really to be sure .
an app like root firewall ( needs root ) should work . ☆ block internet access for any apps :
on cm go to settings > applications open the application you want to restrict . scroll down to the permissions section and strike off internet access by clicking on the permission . alternatively you could use an application like lbe privacy guard to restrict access . with this method you can restrict any permission . sometimes apps start force-closing when you revoke permissions so be careful !
i just saw that you do not want to block the calls , but send to voicemail . my mistake . as easy as one , two , three : ) call settings -> blacklist -> small icon at the bottom corner -> private numbers that is for cm-10.2.0 might be a little different if you have another version , but you get the idea .
you can install airbubble on your android , which works as a speaker using apple 's airplay ( daap ) protocol . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.bubblesoft.android.airbubble pulseaudio can be configured to stream to any airplay receiver - check this answer for details on setting that up : http://superuser.com/questions/331126/how-can-you-stream-music-from-ubuntu-to-airplay-speakers-on-your-network-with-ub with airbubble running , it should show up as a speaker option in the ubuntu sound menu .
ubuntu has built ubuntu one mobile for that very purpose . the service is free to try for one month , then $3.99/month ( or $39.99 yearly ) . it is worth mentioning that the paid account gives you 25gb of storage and unlimited streaming for devices running android 2.1+ , ios 3.1+ as well as windows xp , vista and 7 ( and there are rates for additional storage ) . ( for those who do not wish to stream music , ubuntu one provides 5gb of cloud storage for free . )
check out subsonic . www.subsonic.org it has its own app in the market and should play nice with phone calls . takes about 2 seconds to setup on an internal only network and 3 min to access it from anywhere .
you could try bluetooth , either by an adapter or a new set of speakers .
yes ! there is an app called remote audio which tunnels your computer 's audio output over either ssh or 1 or 2 other protocols . i just installed it and have not set it up yet , but i plan on using it alongside a remote vnc connection to my desktop at home so i can use energy xt remotely to sequence song ideas from wherever in the world i happen to be . = ) i am sure the ubuntu thing works awesome for music , and probably involves a simpler set-up , but this will stream any sound your computer makes , and it is free ( and works with any *nix system ) . the rhythembox thing you posted about would work awesome too , but you need to set up an icecast media streaming server first .
i use the old winamp shoutcast streaming server tools . then use one of the apps that play shoutcast stations . winamp ( official app , but shoutcast streaming still in development as of 11/8/2010 ) or xiialive ( appbrain link ) .
have you thought of an upnp av approach ? the protocol allows streaming of media between various devices in the same network ( e . g . wifi ) . there is a large variety of servers and clients for all the oses . for example , mediatomb is a well-known media server also available for ubuntu . for playback on the phone you could use allshare , which comes preinstalled on some phones , or a free client like bubbleupnp or skifta .
there is no mention of physical zoom on the htc dream specification page . ( to my knowledge no android camera has that . )
eventually i resorted to restoring my phone to factory settings , and now this works again .
it was enough flashing the device with ruu_buzz_froyo_htc_wwe_2.22.405.1_radio_13.55.55.24h_3.35.20.10_release_160191_signed . exe
your touch screen needs to replace now . please contact nearest sony service centre .
version 1.0.7 is significantly larger than previous versions . even after moving to the sd card i am showing 14.5mb taking up system storage . that'll account for your 2mb reduction in space . google generally has not allowed for their apps to be moved to the sd card , presumably so they can be sure widgets will work or other performance considerations . however , since this version weighs in at over 24mb i guess their hand was forced .
you need to install custom recovery and flash new roms from this recovery . if you choose the correct custom rom for you phone and follow the developer 's installation guide , there will not be any problem . if you wanna know where you can find custom roms for your phone , take a look at this question . i recommend xda developers . you can find a lot of roms with user 's reply so you can consider before flashing the rom .
if you are already rooted and using a custom rom you probably have a recovery installed . you wont have any problem if you change the rom but make sure you have made a nandroid backup before doing anything so that you can revert back to your current state in case anything goes wrong . choose the new custom rom wisely and follow the instruction therein and you will be alright .
a backup never is a bad idea , so right after you get root access , you should : do a full nandroid backup ( which creates images of your partitions , so you always can revert to this state by simply restoring them ) use titanium backup to make a full backup of all your apps and their settings ( so you can re-install a selection when needed ) freezing does not remove anything , and it is fully revertible . i always recommend to first freeze a single app , then check for potential side-effects , and only remove it if there were none . titanium backup even offers to create a homescreen shortcut to freeze/unfreeze an app ( like a toggle : if frozen , the app gets unfrozen and vice-versa ) , which is nice for apps you rarely use but which always annoy you ( for me , this is google maps , which i need maybe 2-3 times a year but is running permanently in background -- so i freeze it when not needed , and simply unfreeze it when i need it ) . basically , freezing an app simply hides it away from all activities . i am not sure how that works technically , but i compare it with the " execution flag " of a unix/linux binary : if not set , the binary does not get executed . so no background services or any other activities from this app , though it is still installed . in short : freezing is the safe variant , as it easily can be undone . it also does not touch the apps data . removing an app is final : without a backup available , it is simply gone , including its data . additional ressources you might want to look up for this topic : unistall a system app without root ? how can i uninstall applications that are locked by phone vendor ? how to remove / disable the bloatware apps in the htc one x bye-bye , bloatware : disable system apps in android ice cream sandwich
those instructions are bs . flash does not work on 2.1 . however , there are several devices that run flash lite ( it came on my galaxy s vibrant , for example ) . someone with flash lite tried that and thought they had real flash when really they just had lite , and it spread for a while before being debunked . just read the comments on that post . edit : according to lie ryan 's comment below , full flash is compiled for armv7 chips , and so will not work on other processors even with 2.2 . edit 2 : adobe now has a list of devices that run flash : http://www.adobe.com/flashplatform/certified_devices/
try app 2 sd , it should be able to move at least some of the apps . to set it to automatic , you will need the android sdk ( to use adb ) . from here , those commands should work ( worked for me on my samsung galaxy ace ) : adb devices probes android devices connected to the pc . do this first to assure that the phone is being detected . adb shell pm getinstalllocation this results in a numerical value to state where the default install location is ( 0: phone , 2: external ) . adb shell pm setinstalllocation 2 this sets the default install location to the external storage .
try actually pasting it . you could try the often-built-in memo app , gmail , email , or something like docs to go if you want to save it .
try looking at a black picture in the dark . with amoled the picture should be pure black . with slcd you should see the backlight making the picture look greyish .
since your phone is rooted you can use wanam xposed note that the framework itself does not add any functionality , but once installed you can download ( via the framework itself ) modules that have custom functionality . wanam xposed module has many tweaks for stock samsung touchwiz roms , gravitybox has many for morer ' stock ' type roms . you can change the sms limit through either , in the default sms application . please read the xda thread on this module as it has a lot of detail , and clarifications . xda thread
i have occasionally seen a new ( or factory reset ) n7 refuse to appear on a pc until you change the storage mode to camera then back to mtp . from memory ( i do not have my n7 to hand ) go to settings , storage , tap the three dot menu and there is an option to change the storage mode there .
most likely a hardware issue . i recommend you get your device repaired by sending it to google/asus .
i am on a custom rom using android 4.2.2 and i can change exactly that behaviour in system settings &gt; lock screen &gt; maximize widgets ( translated naming from german version ) ( i am using novalauncher if that matters )
well , widgets designed for the lock screen are minimized by default . the purpose is is to avoid accidental app starts and to save battery power . so you are better off with minimized lock screen widgets . if you still need to have the widgets maximized , you have to go for a third party lock scrren app . i found active lock screen app and widgetlocker lockscreen app which seemed useful for you .
android mouse and keyboard might be able to do what you want . install it on one device , use it in bluetooth mode , and then sync that device 's virtual bluetooth keyboard and mouse to the other device just as you would a real bluetooth keyboard or mouse .
reset to current date , and i can definitely say a secure website will open .
you can turn off all internet data over the mobile network using settings-> wireless and networks-> mobile networks-> data enabled personally , i connect to wifi at home and with reasonably heavy use of email , chat and web browsing when away from home , i only use about 200m of data a month .
depends entirely on how many contacts you have , how often they change , how often you set it to sync , etc . paying for data as you go is generally a bad idea with an android phone , they use a lot . you should be able to shut off 3g though ( probably dependent on the phone ) and just use wifi . although , it might be more difficult to prevent it from using 2g data . some phones let you use wifi while the phone is in airplane mode , which would shut off both 3g and 2g . android has the ability to store wifi credentials and connect automatically .
you can definitely connect to wpa protected wireless and your phone will connect automatically when you are within range of a known wireless network . you can use apndroid to cut off your 3g altogether . take a look at : how can i prevent my google g-1 from using any kind of internet ? if you have got wireless at home and you are there every night , your phone will be able to sync your contacts , etc . over night .
found this in a sony xperia manual : safe mode temporarily disables all applications that have been installed via the android market . performing this troubleshooting step is necessary to determine whether a 3rd party application is the cause of an operating system / application issue . safe mode should always be performed prior to a hard ( factory ) reset . the safe mode is there to provide repair in case one of the applications causes the phone to behave strangely or misbehave . the phone has to be rebooted into safe mode , which can be done by pressing the power button and holding one of the keys . the second key in some phones :  - volume down/up button - menu button - home button - back button - other type of button  when you enter safe mode there is a label " safe mode " at the bottom of the screen ( left or right corner ) . in some phones the debugging menu has more options in safe mode , all related to application management .
i am not sure about logging but , safe mode disables many system services during boot . on some systems it can bypass the security pattern or pin . i have not found any additional features . it seems to be more for reducing features for the sake of diagnostics . windows has a similar feature . i have posted a link on starting safe mode on a variety of devices for others to use ; however , it probably will not show up until i gain a bit of rep . safe mode for android
if it is an ad-hoc network vanilla android does not support ad-hoc wi-fi networks . but there is a patch for the wpa_supplicant , that allows you to connect to ad-hoc networks ( root required ) : http://www.xda-developers.com/android/android-ad-hoc-wireless-network-support/ http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=754961 http://szym.net/2010/12/adhoc-wifi-in-android/ http://szym.net/2010/12/prospects-of-ad-hoc-wifi-in-android/ but android 4.0 supports wi-fi direct , which can be seen as a more enhanced version of the ad-hoc protocol . if you have an soft-ap this sounds like you ap is transmitting on a channel that is not avaiable on your android phones . try setting the wi-fi channel to something &lt ; 12 e.g. 5 .
if you are able to connect an external bluetooth dongle to the android device , it ought to work for you , even with an intrnal bluetooth present . android devices with os v3.1 and above shall support usb host capabilities . so , it is advisable to experiment with devices with the above operating systems . however , it will be on your end to make the dongle work for you ; i.e. by creating a separate application for the same .
i do not know how you lost them or if its a common problem . but you definitely can get back the lost contacts provided they were synced with google contacts ( not sim contacts ) . first try to sync and see if contacts come back . if we cleared data of " contact storage " from manage applications , all the synced contacts in phone will disappear until you sync back again . if that does not help , google contacts fortunately has restore option . open gmail , go to contacts , select more and select restore contacts .
a vast majority of it . my device says i have up to 5gb of internal storage that i can use . additionally you can throw in an sd card . in my experience about 98% of the apps on the market will work on your rooted ( stock ) nook color . if you flash cyanogenmod 7 or similar , then they all should work . if you remain with stock , there are some minor quirky issues because there are a few things missing from the os . for example , trying to create a " shortcut " will cause a force close .
below is the output of " df -h -a " command on my nook color running cyanogenmod 7.0 rom ( 2.3.3 ) which gives you a break-down of the mounted partitions : out of 8 gigabytes of internal memory ~500 mb is reserved for the rom itself ( /rom and /system ) , ~1.5 gb is for app storage ( /data and /cache ) , 5 gb is for data storage ( /mnt/emmc ) and another ~500mb reserved for other miscellaneous android operations . you can also see my 8gb sd card mounted on /mnt/sdcard . keep in mind that these partitions can be ( and usually are ) remapped based on the needs of a given rom . in terms of your question regarding apps from the market , there are some limitations that mostly depend on the type and version of the rom you are planning to run . the biggest concern the screen resolution and lcd density . several apps , including the market itself ( vending . apk ) are quite picky about how well ( or even if ) they will work properly . most common side-effect is apps displaying in a tiny window instead of properly scaling . most can be fixed by disabling compatibility mode in spare parts , but some ( e . g . google reader ) will only function with a certain lcd density that could be in conflict with other apps . keep in mind that most of the custom roms for nook color are works in progress , so expect to see better compatibility with all apps going forward . also , if rumors of froyo ( 2.2 ) update for the official nook color firmware are true , we could see better performance once the official display/video/audio/etc . driver upgrades are rolled into custom roms .
i have never used the apple store , so i can not help you with comparing them , but to answer the parts that i can . on a pc you can look through the website for the magazines section of the google play store to find magazines . you should be able to find areas for top magazines , staff favourites and various other categories . on your phone or tablet you can use the google play magazines app or the play store app . either open the magazines app and press the overflow button at the top left and select shop , or open the play store app and select the magazines category from the top of the first screen . if magazines have only just become available in your country then it is very likely that google have not set up deals with all of the magazine publishers in your country yet , so there may be a smaller selection of magazines than you are expecting . i know that when magazines became available in the uk it seemed to take about 3 months before some of my favourite magazines started showing up .
maybe you could try changing to the install location to usb storage . it is already detecting it as usb storage , so maybe this would work . by the way , have you got a memory card inserted ?
i had a similar issue where i could not figure out what was taking up my phone 's storage . i used an app called diskusage to visualise the issue and find the folder causing the problem .
when i was developing two years ago i altered the gps settings on the device and they started outputting . txt files to the sd card . this made no sense to me and after looking into it if an application installed has this issue it will persist until the application is removed . i can not remember the folder location . i want to say /sdcard/gps/* but here is a reference if this was the issue : sd card fills up with gps/* . txt files
first of all , this is all going to depend on what you are operating on . if you are on a ota update ( stock rom ) , it may or may not be included ( which i can not tell you if it is or not , based on that i have never used a stock rom ) , but if it is included , it would be under the developers options menu . custom roms , like the one that i am using , do include the option to switch to art on the same device you are asking about ( specifically , grouper , or the 2012 nexus 7 ) , but that is not to say all custom roms will include the feature . it all depends on what the developer of the rom has included in it . google 's ota update might not have this feature included because of , at this time , it is still a work in progress . if it is not in the developer 's options yet , be patient , wait a while for them to implement the use of arm more universally , and then make the switch . if you do not know how to get to the developer 's options menu , then maybe your knowledge base of android should be aged some before rushing into asking " why it is not included " when it very well could be .
i just submitted a bug report to android issue tracker . maybe we will receive some feedback from developers : https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=62375
it looks like the current ota update to 4.4 is missing the runtime switcher for the 2012 version of the nexus 7 .
apparently art is only available for snapdragon-based devices . i can switch the runtime on n4 , n5 and new n7 which are all based on snapdragon but not on the first gen n7 ( tegra 3 ) and n10 ( exynos ) . it is plausible to make such restriction ( because it can break the system ) if the devs are not tested it enough on devices other than snapdragon . and we all know that art is still experimental and not production ready . therefore , " fragmentation " does not apply here .
i can not tell what it will look like ( as i do not know all the details , e.g. your bt devices mac ) , but i can show you the way to create such a profile : condition : state → bluetooth connected ( parameter : bt mac of the ant+ device ) task : launch app ( select endomo ) worth reading : tasker user guide ( easy to look up things here ; )
try reinstalling fastboot driver while in fastboot open device manager expand android there should be one device right click uninstall uncheck " delete driver software " click on pc with magnifying glass ( in toolbar ) if not fixed , repeat , but check delete driver ( you may need to download it )
are you rebooting the device into the bootloader and entering fastboot usb on the bootloader menu ? try : adb reboot bootloader then , look for on-screen instructions to enter fastboot mode .
problem solved . at the end i saw that drivers for android were not installed . i installed drivers from this site http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2126036 and device is visible by fastboot . one thing i do not understand is why adb saw device and fastboot not .
being aware it is not a full fledged solution but rather a work-around ( it is still unclear what is causing the underlying issue ) , this answer sums up what we figured being a work-around at least : as the files/directories do not show up the usual way via " sharing the sdcard " , they can still be accessed by other means . one example is using adb : using adb pull files can be transfered from the device to the computer , and with adb push in the other direction . examples : adb pull /sdcard/Sounds/ E:\audio\phone would take the entire folder /sdcard/Sounds and save it as E:\audio\phone on the computer adb push E:\audio\phone /sdcard/Sounds/ for the opposite culprit : types of " source " and " target " must match . if " source " is a file , " target " must be a file as well : adb pull /sdcard/Sounds/some.mp3 E:\audio\phone would fail as the source is a file and the target a directory . other draw-backs can be worked around as well : if you prefer a graphical solution over playing at the command line , there are several good guis available , e.g. qtadb droid explorer ( by our member ryan conrad ) and several more . as a side-effect of installing adb , you have got a powerful tool ready which will certainly help you with many other things ! for getting adb to work without installing the full sdk , please refer to is there a minimal installation of adb ? more adb related information can be found via our adb tag and its tag-wiki . alternatives include several " wifi file managers " , which are too many to be listed here . so if you rather want a " simple app installed " on your android device , and then do everything with your browser , you might wish to take a look at the following lists : manage your android device from your computer ftp server various file servers
the partition you want to write to is called boot , not bootloader , so the correct command is fastboot flash boot boot.img 
it has only been hidden since android 4.2 . back in android 2.3 , you just need to go to settings/applications/development
according to their dev blog , the appstore does download a small token for drm'd apps which it uses to validate them at launch : how can you verify that the user has an entitlement to the app without internet access ? during the installation process for an app , the amazon appstore client downloads a small token that grants the user the right to access the application . a valid token permits the user that purchased the app to access their app offline . the amazon appstore client will periodically communicate with amazon servers to refresh the token . my guess as to why you see the error is that the token is either out of date or just got corrupted somehow ( bug in the appstore maybe ) . re-downloading probably refreshes the token since it is originally retrieved at install time , but it sounds like you may also be able to clear the appstore data and sign in to get a valid token , or possibly just launch the appstore and let it connect/refresh itself ( have not tried these myself as i have not had this error yet ) .
i just learned this lesson the hard way . amazon requires at least a once daily connection to the internet or you will not be able to access your apps purchased from them . i was overseas with spotty internet service and after one day all apps gave me the same error message . amazon made no apologies when i complained , but they refunded my purchases so i could buy them again through the android market , which does not have such idiotic requirements .
it turned out , that when i set system language to russian , smart dialer adds russian letters . i used morelocale2 to add russian system language . and i had to use the " pm grant " trick to make morelocale2 work .
if the phone is on the charger , a lot of the lock screens will show the battery percentage or " charged " if at 100% .
try this app battery minder . it alerts the user if the battery is low or fully charged .
"100%" is not as straightforward a concept as you might think on android . have a read of this : http://phandroid.com/2010/12/25/your-smartphones-battery-gauge-is-lying-to-you-and-its-not-such-a-bad-thing/
since google voice just comes in as a normal carrier call , there is no simple way to separate those calls . it does not pass any identifying information that the phone could use to identify it is a google voice call versus a carrier call . you can , however , change your google voice settings ( on the website , not the app ) so that it always shows your google voice number as the caller id on incoming calls . this means you could just whitelist your google voice number and block everything else . then you will receive only gv calls , but you will lose the ability to see who is calling since all calls coming to gv will just display as your gv number . you could then use the call screening features of gv to identify unknown callers . it really is not an elegant solution and the loss of caller id is a big inconvenience , but if you absolutely have to do this , it is about your only option .
android 4.3 has protection by default to disallow lock screen widgets : firstly you need to go to Settings &gt; My Device &gt; Lock Screen as above and enable " multiple widgets " you can change the sms notifications in the sms app > settings > notifications as an alternative for anyone interested i would recommend dash clock lock screen widget this is a highly customisable lock screen widget . you can have sms/missed calls/stardate ( seriously ) /hangouts/battery and lots more via extensions . you can customise the look and feel of the clock to be jellybean , kitkat etc too !
exchange is trying to apply your organization 's default activesync policy to your device . more than likely , the refresh interval setting on the activesync policy has a number set in hours . unchecking this box may resolve the issue . we are having this issue with a couple of our android devices after publishing a new activesync policy . here is microsoft 's official response on the issue .
i have not tried it myself , but from what i am reading in forums , etc , apps organizer is a free app that does what you are looking for . when you select an app in a folder , it closes the folder . edit : update - i just tried out apps organizer . it does close the folder when you select something . the only problem is that it appears to only allow app shortcuts - not bookmarks , widgets , etc . there appear to be other apps ( folder organizer ) that are able to hold bookmarks , however .
just figured this one out having had the same problem myself ( htc desire hd , android 2.2 ) . . . . from the " all messages " view , press the menu button . a " drafts " icon appears ( a floppy disk icon ) - press that , and it takes you to a view of all your drafts . press and hold a draft message to view/delete or press the menu button again and select delete drafts to go to a view where you can bulk mark the drafts you want to delete . hope that helps !
just clear the text of the draft message , and it will automatically disappear
have you tried pressing and holding on the text of the draft message and then using the context menu to delete that single draft message ?
try changing adding either of the following to your user name and try the captcha again . @googlemail . com @gmail . com
create another account and try logging in with the second account . perhaps the error is because you are already logged in in another phone .
i figured it out , the problem was originating from nanopc-t1 config which used the usart port for output debug . it was over-writing the gps output . i used android serial port api , and rooted my device . because accessing ttysac0 port , needs root access . i wrote my own nmea parser to receive gps fixes .
since you do have working fastboot access , you have a few options from there : you can . . . get a custom recovery like twrp . then run fastboot flash recovery /path/to/twrp.img . with twrp , you can to try to reinstall roms , do factory resets , and make backups of your current system ( which may be a good idea , even if it is bricked ) . do a factory reset with fastboot format data and fastboot format cache . try to install stock android ( keeping data ) from the factory images by running included flash-base.sh , included in the image download . if all else fails , you can unbrick it by running the flash-all.sh - which will essentially reset it to a like-new state , with the stock os and no data . if you wind up doing a factory reset after all , you can use titanium backup to extract the apps and settings from the twrp backups .
ok solved ! we have operation ! here is what happened . Fastboot format data failed " cannot format partition type ' ' please enter password : error popped up in twrp when i had never set one and when i tried to do anything it could never mount /system or /cache or anything i did fastboot flash recovery clockwork recovery zip and from there i got the error ' cannot read sideload ' . luckily the answer to that was a google search away with the fix of putting the file in the same dir as adb . so by using clockwork recovery " install from sideload " option andadb sideload rom.zip i was able to install a custom rom and boot into it ! woooohooo unbricked ! thanks !
my phone has no ambient light sensor and i had exactly the same problem . i have been using automateit , it is an application of similar vein to tasker/locale , except that there is a free version as well as a paid version . it can change brightness settings based on triggers , such as time of the day , or whether you are connected to your home wifi . the paid version allows you to combine multiple triggers into composite rules using and/or boolean logic .
if you do not mind paying a few bucks , i highly recommend tasker . this automation utility allows you to set up many built-in ( and some 3rd-party app ) android actions based on various parameters , including time of day . in tasker you will need to create 2 separate profiles , and to each add 2 actions . 1st action will be identical in both profiles - disabling the auto brightness . second one will be similar - a time-based action to change the display brightness , with time of day and brightness level being the differences . start tasker and tap the + button on the bottom o the main screen to create a new profile . give it a descriptive name , such as " brightness down " for example . choose the " time " context on the presented menu . for the " from:" option select the time of day you wish to have brightness lowered . un-check the " to:" option , and tap the green " accept " button . on the " task selection " dialog tap the " new task " button and name it " lower screen brightness " and tap the " accept " button . tap the "+" button to add an action , select " display " category , select the " auto brightness " action , select the " off " option on the " set " drop-down , and press the green " accept " button . tap the "+" button to add another action , select " display " category , elect the " display brightness " action , set the desirable low level ( 20 being the lowest recommended setting ) , ensure that both " ignore current level " and " immediate effect " options are checked , and tap the green " accept " button . tap the green " accept " button on the " task edit / . . . " screen . on the main screen tap the " brightness down " profile once , then tap on its wrench button , and select the " clone " option . tap the newly-cloned profile , tap its wrench button , select the " rename " option and name it " brightness up " . tap on the clock icon , select the " edit " option , change the " from:" time to the time of day when you had like brightness increased , and tap the green " accept " button . now tap on the task itself ( name you gave it in step 5 ) , select " rename " option , name it " increase screen brightness " , and tap the green " accept " button . tap the task again , and select the " edit " option . tap on the " display brightness " action , set the level to a higher setting , and tap the green " accept " button . tap the green " accept " button on the " task edit / . . . " screen . ensure that on the main screen , the button on bottom-right reads " on " , and exit the tasker app . you should now be all set .
not sure what phone you have got but most of the higher end android phones have light sensors , and you can set the screen to adjust its brightness automatically depending on the ambient light at the time . if you have got the power bar widget on your home screen ( its one of the built-in android widgets since donut ) just tap the far-right brightness icon until it shows an " a " for automatic brightness . alternatively go into settings -> display -> brightness and tick the " automatic brightness " option .
in general it is not a good idea to store sensitive data on your mobile phone , but back to your question . s memo is storing your password as a clear text in /data/data/com.sec.android.provider.smemo/databases/pen_memo.db &gt; CommonSettings &gt; PREF_APPLOCK_PIN so if your device is rooted you can use root explorer to read it . which means that this application is not secure . you can use keepasdroid to encrypt passwords or other sensitive data . i am using it on my laptop and on my android device .
make sure you downloaded the google apis corresponding to your api level in the sdk manager and that you set your avd 's target on google apis . this version of the api is needed for the calendarprovider ( for sync functions with google i imagine ) .
this appears to be a jelly bean bug with samsung . i have had the same problems on a galaxy s2 , galaxy s3 , and a galaxy note 2 , all running different ( but samsung based ) custom jb roms . even after clearing out all pics and videos , and uninstalling all apps i was still getting ' out-of-memory . ' the problem seems to start after the device gets a bit full for the first time . only one thing that has worked for me every time : reinstall the rom ( no data wipe necessary ) . since you do not have a custom rom installed i would suggest you try a factory reset and see if that resolves it . hope that helps .
maybe this will help with your problem , give it a try . if you root your device , then you can do the following to get more free space to install more apps . for me on my phone , i can free up to 500mb by doing this . ( sgs2 i9100 ) install diskusage run diskusage and choose [ root required ] -> "/data " . . . then you will see how much storage "/data/data " and "/data/dalvik-cache " uses . as far as i know you can delete the content of them both and reboot without having any problems or losing anything other then temp files . i have done this several times . to delete the content of any file inside /data , you will need a root file explorer , not all of them out there works . i am using " cyanogenmod file manager " , but that is not on google play . hope this helps .
reminders set in the calendar will usually show up in google now . they do for my , i usually have a " notification " type reminder . is the card enabled in now ? also , you can create actual reminders ( with voice or text commands ) that will create a now notification . in the voice search , do " reminder : buy milk": you can then set the time period ( evening/night/etc ) . more info : https://support.google.com/websearch/answer/3122344?hl=en
the issue is with your cpu going to sleep once the screen turns off . this behavior is different on different phones ( some do it , some keep it active ) , but it can be changed with a special app such as these : since you are using cyanogenmod , i assume you know what you are doing , but it bears saying : pay attention to the warnings . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tegrak.overclock https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=it.sineo.android.nofrillscpu https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mhuang.overclocking
i do not believe there is any way to get it to keep running while the display is off , though i could be wrong . what you could do is turn the screen brightness down all the way , and then use an app like screen filter to make the screen even darker . at it is minimum setting , this will almost have the effect of turning the screen off , while letting everything still run . i am not sure modern screens even still suffer from burn in though . some do suffer from ghosting , but that goes away fairly quickly . burn in like on old crt monitors was permanent .
it was easier than i expected . just follow this tuto will guide you well . download odin download the related firmware launch odin , click on rom select the firmware click on start button . pray ! thank you for everyone who took their time to help me .
are these newly added contacts ? if you are adding new contacts and adding them as " phone " contacts and not " google " contacts , and you have syncing on , it may be syncing your google contacts to your phone , and deleting the ones that are not google contacts . this happened to me a couple of times .
this will not work because C:\Useres\S4 is not a path on your phone , it is a path on your pc . normally you need to use adb pull from your pc to copy files from your phone , but when you need root to access those files , it is not quite enough . izzy 's answer here explains how to achieve this .
the droid 2 does not have fastboot mode ; its bootloader is locked . fastboot mode is really just the bootloader mode in other phones , like nexus phones . out of curiosity , where exactly did you hear that the d2 had a fastboot mode , and why do you want to access it ?
i managed to get my hands on one to test this and wi-fi tethering between the two worked fine , no apps required .
yes , that is how i occasionally browse on my nexus 7 . i use this app called as OpenGarden which has a very clean interface and uses vpn via bluetooth to connect to your internet enabled open . note : you need opengarden on your phone too . do not worry . it is a free app !
notifications , at least in cyanogenmod or aosp , are ordered in order or the last updated notification . if you have an app that updates the notification , then the notification will appear on top when it updates . there is currently no way to change this behaviour . note : some stock roms order the notifications into ongoing etc , this is the design of the manufacturer , and can also not be changed you should get something like what you are asking in cyanogenmod .
so a new qmobile user ? let me explain buddy ! the roms you get from these developers ( incpak for example ) are neither tested nor developed correctly . they just create a rom and upload it somewhere just to show off there names . what you are facing is something like a rom issue , the rom you installed is not able to access the kernel or firmware or blabla , or is having some other issues . i would like to advise you to please reinstall the rom ! if you can . secondly please try to understand that when you install a new rom , everything from previous rom is removed , and new are installed ( flashed ) . so , when you install a new rom cwm is also removed , and stock recovery is placed there ! so you cannot access cwm now . and unfortunately you know that when you are not able to use cwm you cannot flash new roms ( without any issues ; stock roms can also update the firmware or other stuff ) . now what happened to your phone is , that its not bricked ! if it was bricked , then it might not even had started as the name suggests " brick " . its working but accessing the cache , or booloader ! you must try to wipe everything ! what you can do will be : reinstall the rom but this time try to wipe out all data , wipe data/ factory reset wipe cache advanced --> wide dalvik cache install rom from sdcard --> choose --> rom_name . zip i try this everytime to install the rom for my qmobile noir a8 ( yes , i was bit by same snake named incpak ) . so this method should work ! you cannot replace the system files , without being rooted ! and you said you are having a new rom , so this is almost impossible ! however , if you manage to remove this cwm , and go back to the basic recovery , you might get lucky to replace the cwm by using the install zip from sdcard and enter the zip for cwm and believe me , never ever try to flash a rom created or shared by them ! they are not developers they are kid messing stuff out ! try to spread this message too . hope you get something , if not the stock rom , then atleast some rom to run your phone !
which method did you use to install cwm recovery ? this guide states that installing from rom manager is not ok . personally , i did not get my mtk device working with cwm recovery . you should probably try some other recoveries ( e . g . twrp ) and flash it through spflashtool ( as the most stable method ) .
the only linux application i know that could achieve this is ' hfp for linux ' . it works by implementing the bluetooth hfp 1.5 hands free profile , which basically makes your pc a remote control/headset for your android phone .
after you have deleted the message , sync your google account .
android is pretty resistant to faults resulting from sudden power loss , but there is always a risk of data corruption/loss , depending on open apps and files at the moment . have you tried holding the power button longer , for about 15 seconds ( until the screen goes black and the normal startup screen appears ) ? on my galaxy s this triggers a hard reboot , meaning that the phone forces itself to restart without regard to the usual shutdown process . i would think it is a bit friendlier than pulling the battery , but nevertheless , it is a " wrong " way to reboot .
holding Power + Vol Up for 10 seconds or so will reboot the phone into recovery . from recovery , i already have the option selected to reboot phone , so i can press the power button again . not sure what users can do if they do not have clockwork recovery .
there are lots of scanners like that . query " bluetooth document scanner for android " about 15 will show up . 5 at least from amazon
android has usb host capabilities as of 3.2 . accusoft usb scanner is a well made app that lets you take advantage of this and connect many usb scanner models directly to your phone or tablet . accusoft usb scanner accusoft usb scanner on play store
as far as i know , there is not a way to connect a usb scanner to an android device - most if not all phones do not have a usb host in any form . i suppose someone could hack an adapter into the microsd port , but it would be a lot of work . you will have to use a laptop or computer .
try to look for bluetooth scanners . android supports bluetooth and there is sdk api for it so you could create your own app to receive and process data from scanner . one such device i could find : http://www.planon.com/products/docupen/xseries
ok i found it : Go to the Contact. Do not press Edit. Hit Menu. Hit Options. Select Ringtone. Set Ringtone.  seems wacky that you do not edit the contact to change the ringtone .
easiest way . check your packaging . look for model describtion on the back of the other label . either z520 or z560 , the z520 is s4 , 560 is s3 . from wikipedia : processor and memory one version of the one s uses a qualcomm snapdragon s4 . . . in certain markets the one s uses the older snapdragon s3 . . . the two versions have slightly different packaging , the s4 is model z520e/z520m and states " processor : dual core , 1.5ghz"/"cpu speed 1.5 ghz , dual core , whereas the s3 is model z560e and states " processor : dual core " .
since android 4.0 , it is possible to " disable " apps without root . however , not all apps can be " disabled": some ( pre-installed ) system-apps are protected against this . still , it is always worth a try if you do not want to root your device : go to settings→apps select the " all " tab scroll to the apps in question , and open their entry here you see either a button labeled " disable " , or one labeled " uninstall updates " . if the latter is there , tap it : this will uninstall all the updates this app received during the time you already used the device . now the " disable " button should be visible in its place . is it " grayed out " ? tap " delete cache " , then " clear data " . this will remove all cache files the app might have created , all its data , and its configuration . still " grayed out ? " then this app is " protected " , you cannot " disable " it without root . otherwise : tap it . this will disable/freeze the app . these actions are reversible : you can always re-visit the apps entries here , and push the button again ( it will be labeled " enable " then ) . if you could not deactivate an app this way , all that is left is root and some " bloatware remover " , as indicated by lucas ' answer . apart from titanium backup , there are several other " root-apps " which can do that – though titanium is a great choice , as it also provides the means to do full backups and more . if chosing this path , make sure to freeze apps first to check for side-effects : as with above steps , a " freeze " is revertible – a " remove " is not ( at least not easily ) . also see our bloatware tag-wiki , which will give you / point you to more information .
yes . your device need have root . search for make root on my device (put here the device model) . after having done root on your device , download titanium backup and write backup your apps and after delete . sorry for my english .
what other apps related to mobile data are you using ? is there any battery saver app that are using ? they can turn your data on or off automatically . whatsapp does not have the permission to enable mobile data . so it must be some other app . still you can use 3g watchdog to check if whatsapp is the culprit .
i have been trying out keyguard tool++ , which is supposed to perform this function . you can set it so that if you are within range of a particular wifi ssid , the screen lock will not kick in . there are also options to look for specific bluetooth devices or usb connections to determine whether the key guard kicks in . however , it seems to not be quite reliable under android kitkat on my htc one ( m8 ) , so ymmv . update : after talking to the developer of keyguard tool++ , he is aware of the issue where the screen will not reliably stay unlocked if you have secured the device with a pin code . he is already working on a fix and it will hopefully be released soon .
short answer yes . more detailed there are probably multiple solutions . the one coming to my mind again involves an app named tasker , which is the most flexible automation app on android . an idea would be to have it start a timer whenever the screen is switched off , which is " blanked " whenever the screen is turned on . have the key guard turned off initially ( i.e. . no lock takes place ) , and turn it on when the timer 's up ( lock ) .
the talk app has now been replaced with hangouts . unlike talk , hangouts allows switching from one account to another . however , like most apps , you can not have two apps that are the same ( i.e. . a copy of an app ) running at the same time . so , it would not be possible to have multiple hangouts accounts active simultaneously on the same phone .
in order to do this , you would need a rooted phone , and flash a custom rom with the htc interface ( called sense ) built in . depending on your phone , it may or may not be there ( more likely not ) .
wifi file explorer allows browsing of the sd card through a web based interface . quite nice , but perhaps difficult to copy a large number of files . http://lifehacker.com/5626268/wifi-file-explorer-manages-your-android-sd-card-from-a-web-browser on air ( wifi disk ) ' allows you to easily transfer files over your wi-fi connection by accessing it as if it were a drive ' , but only for mac i suppose . swiftp is an ftp server , which does what it says .
i use ftpserver ( http://www.appbrain.com/app/ftpserver/lutey.ftpserver ) to browse and copy files to and from my phone over wifi . on ubuntu you can connect to an ftp server and browse it as if it is a directory .
it may have been downloaded , but has it been installed ? open up the market app and click " my apps " . if it is not listed there - i suggest you reinstall it . also , is your device capable of running it ?
this is very likely to be a problem with the touchscfeen hardware . to test this , try installing a drawing/painting app from google play . open the app , get into painting mode , and leave it for a minute . if you start getting paint appearing at the same point ( where the 2 abc soft key shows up ) , you know that part of the touchscreen is not working . in the same way , try painting in the app and check whether any parts of the screen can not be painted on . if there are any stuck parts of the screen , you can try giving them a wipe with a slightly damp , soapy cloth . turn the phone off to do that , and make sure you dry the screen before trying to use it again . if that does not solve the problem , you are left with sending the phone back to the shop , or making a warranty claim , depending on how long you have had the problem .
anysoft keyboard from google play store allows you to hide the onscreen keyboard automatically .
i was able to disable on-screen keyboards in android " settings " on my samsung tab3 . now i can use my logitech k810 finally with no annoying on-screen keyboards constantly popping up and obscuring 50% of my viewable area on my already smallish tablet screen . i am running android 4.2.2 . in settings choose " language and input " and click on " default " keyboard option . when the popup menu appears , slide the " use on-screen keyboard " slider to the " no " position . it is not much hassle to go back to settings to slide it back to the " yes " position when my external keyboard is not available . i assume this is an easier fix than installing 3d party software like that " null keyboard " app .
after endless frustration with this issue , i have finally solved it without rooting the device . the solution for me has been external keyboard helper pro , a $2.45 app on the play store ( a demo version is also available ) . it detects when a bluetooth keyboard connects , and brings up a pop-up menu allowing you to select " external keyboard " with two quick taps on the screen , which is definitely tolerable . this completely disables the on-screen keyboard , so i can type in peace ( like having the null keyboard installed ) . a few seconds after powering off the bluetooth keyboard , the same dialog pops up , allowing me to equally quickly select my favorite swype . after months of not being able to use my bluetooth keyboard because of samsung 's inexplicably annoying implementation , i am in heaven . note that in order to get it to work , i had to go into the advanced settings of external keyboard helper and enable " old style detection . "
the best bet , if you are using the chrome browser is to use " tab " to select the field ( if you want to select the url bar to search ) . another way ( if your keyboard has is ) is to use the " magnifying glass " quick search button . i noticed that this selects the url and allows you to type a new entry and search .
it is simple to remove on-screen keyboard when you have bluetooth keyboard . to remove on-screen keyboard , follow 5 simple steps . go to " settings " select " language and input " select " default samsung keyboard " under " keyboards and input methods " section turn off " use on-screen keyboard " push " setup input methods " button
same problem here . i wound up rooting it . that alone will not let you disable ( uncheck ) the samsung keyboard in settings . i had to actually rename /system/app/SamsungIME.apk and /system/app/SamsungIME.odex . then i was able to use null keyboard as the default . crazy . i had no other reason to root it and you really should not have to do this . to avoid this sort of vendor-induced nonsense , and to avoid even having to use the null keyboard or similar app , every android device with bluetooth should allow you to select bluetooth keyboard as the default input method , alongside other input methods .
i have been trying to figure this out for my new galaxy note 8.0 , and have a workaround that works 98% of the time , which is a huge improvement . i started using bluetooth keep active fro mthe play store . it has been mostly successful in tricking my tablet into thinking it was using the bluetooth even when it is asleep and prevented the awful samsung default on-screen keyboard from turning itself on as the default . i set the timer at a one minute setting . i have been trying it with null keyboard , anysoft keyboard , perfect keyboard , and even turning off all on-screen keyboards . i am not sure which default is the best to use with keep active yet - still fooling with it .
i had the same problem with my gn10.1 i use samsung keyboard dock and the popup keyboard just annoyed me . because , i am lithuanian , i need a special characters ( ąčęėįšųūž ) for typing . there is a https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.apedroid.hwkeyboardhelper advanced null keyboard with multilanguage support ( basic one works just with english ) . off course , it is very easy to find it for free by using google . it closes the pop-up software keyboard and i can touch the screeen and enter text without any problem .
you can compile your own version of clockworkmod . while i have not done it myself , i know that each phone port of cwm has different key layouts , so it should be a simple question to a developer who has ported cwm to their phone . find out the keycodes for the rest of the keys on your phone , then remap the keys in the source of cwm . alternatively , you can write a script that runs when you boot into cwm . you can tell the script backup , restore , install a new rom , etc . see this forum for a push in the right direction . another solution is to replace cwm with twrp . you may need this to do automated scripts , as some newer versions of cwm encrypt the extendedcommand so that only rom manager can automate it .
@vr3690 , it is very much possible . you just gotta study the events . here 's something that is gonna help : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1875094
unfortunately send key events via adb in recovery mode is impossible , otherwise navigating through the recovery options menu would have been easy . but fortunately , my version of cwm supports the soft keys on my phone . the ' search ' button substituted as the selection button ( usually the job of the power button ) . using that , i was able to navigate into the backup and restore menu and restore my phone . hope this helps someone in the future .
visit m . getjar . com and go nuts ! download cranky birds . it seems to be the game so many people like . i wonder if there is an android version of cut the rope out yet .
this allows you to obtain and run an application ( i.e. . the . apk file ) from sources other than the android market . ( i.e. . you get it from a download from a developer 's site , from an email , etc . ) . that is it . edit : once you enable unknown sources this post covers the rest : how can i install an app given only its apk file ? .
i had the same symptoms while cooking a rom when the symlink of /system/bin/sh to mksh was missing .
i am wondering if this is not a knockoff android with a different os that is skinned to look like android , or one that is running some kind of weird custom rom . there are a huge number of " android " tablets and phones coming out of china lately ; some are legit and some are not . if you look at sites like dealextreme.com, you will see some pretty wild stuff . if it is an actual android phone , the contacts can be synced from a gmail account , or manually added in contacts . unless the phone has a sim card and you are saving contacts directly to the sim , you will not really run into a hard limit on phonebook entries . the small phonebook , the " unsupported media " error and the missing applications menu makes me a little suspicious that the phone might not be what it seems . i would be extremely interested to see some pictures of the phone if possible . aside from general interest ( i am sort of a knockoff phone enthusiast , if there is such a thing ) , maybe some photos would help us figure out what type of phone it is and whether or not you will be able to load any apps on it somehow .
newer android versions let you disable applications you do not want but cannot uninstall . these pre-installed apps are usually in /system/app/youtube . apk as an example . to remove : - root your device - uninstall app updates using normal settings -> app manager - make a backup of your /system/app/appname . apk adb shell , su , - mount -o remount , rw /system - rm /system/app/appname . * - sync , reboot ( do press enter where i did a ' , ' ) - as long as your adb is still working , you can safely restore apps you removed and want back again . but do not forget the file permissions ! do a ls -laf in this folder before , note the permissions , and set them again accordingly after restoring . have fun !
the images come from your gmail contacts so you would need to create a contact for the " the nudge " and assign a picture to it . to easily create a new contact for that email , open it up and click the icon next to the name . you should then be prompted to " add to contacts ? " .
according to the specs i was looking at , the galaxy spica only supports audio out , not video .
i had the same problem . download the app called " vibrate mode by force " and enable the never silent option . hope it will help : )
i have a similar issue with the note 3 . shush seems to work fine . the app lets you configure after how much time to reenable the standard ringer , and it gives you hard-to-miss notification that the phone is in silent mode .
found out that firefox mobile can do this by going to about:config  in adressbar and setting permissions.default.images 3  1=load all images , 2=no images 3=only images from current url saves a lot of bandwidth ( e . g . user avatars on stackexchange not loaded , while with " no image loading " one doesnt see voting arrows ) . i just do not like mobile views of sites that much . add-on would be nice to easily switch this config setting for single website like quick image addon on firefox desktop . if dolphin hd had this feature it would be unbeatable . unfortunately firefox is lacking speed and tap gestures of dolphin .
kindle has a built-in dictionary that you can download . when you highlight a word , it shows the meaning to you . is that not good enough ? screenshot ( click for larger variant )
as odd as it may sound , i found a solution in the net and it worked for me twice already ! ! put the phone in a bright light , strong bulb or direct sun , and do a hard reset ! ! worked twice for me .
as per xda here you can perform force restart by doing this . To reboot the phone without ADB, just hold down the Vol Up and power button for 9 seconds, the phone should shut down.  if this does not power down the phone , you can try this . lot of people has reported success in this method for most of the htc phones . Put your phone under a bright light then hold power+volume down.  if both of them fails , you have to wait till the battery die and let it charge and power on the phone normally . hope this helps you . good luck .
i have had the same problem with my htc one m7 , but the vol down or vol up with power button did not force it to reboot . i was messing around with the phone and a call came in . i was able to answer the call and after the call my phone went back to normal ! so i would suggest trying to call the phone from another phone .
apologise for my ignorance as i dont have a galaxy note ii but since you have the samsung android adb interface i am presuming when you run command ( and get this from google too ) adb.exe devices  do you at least see a serial number ? ? i had a similar issue with my nexus 5 and noticed i too have the same drivers however for my computer to connect to the device i had to make sure my device is : not in a locked state ( meaning the phone is not on the lock screen ) debugging is enabled ( you already have ) and accept the adb connection physically on the phone ( just do the adb connection and it'll prompt your device for privileges . ) edited - 01/08/2014
you can always try a different dialer like go contacts ex , and have it replace the stock dialer . it lets you change themes / colors .
follow the steps below to recover the deleted sms from android phone . have a try . connect your android phone and enable usb debugging analyze your android phone after the usb debugging , reconnect your phone if you are asked to disconnect it during the setting . here you need to bear in mind that your phone 's battery is more than 20% charged , and then you can click " start " to let the program analyze your android phone . scan your android for deleted text messages preview and recover messages from android good luck !
alas , the sms are all gone , they are part of the data that gets wiped along with the factory reset . there is no way to get them back ( if you have not backed them up at some time )
from the samsung support site : http://www.samsung.com/us/support/howtoguide/n0000006/10628/127752 hope this helps !
according to google support : my places gives you easy access to your important locations and personal maps history . whether you’ve starred or searched on your phone or computer , in my places you’ll find your : offline maps starred places ( including home and work locations ) recently viewed maps items directions search queries my maps rated places maps searches
nope , unfortunately there is nothing like this to my knowledge . i would love to be proven wrong though
here a guide form xda-dev if you like to learn visually and would rather not go through of steps , check out this youtube video . some warnings : this is not a full unlock ( s-off or to unlock your sim card slot . ) this will void your warranty . this will work with any version of hboot . -this is a how to for windows only . if you are logged out of htc dev at any time during the identifier period ( 1 - 5 ) , just sign back in and do not click anything . it will automatically redirect you to the last page you were on . i am not responsible if you did not follow a step correctly and your phone lights on fire , cracks into two , wants to destroy you , etc . . . what you are going to need : -a computer -fastboot and adb [ api ] &lt ; -- these are applications to be use to flash rom 's . - htc drivers &lt ; -- drivers htc gives , could not find them on htc 's site . - android sdk -microusb cable , phone , and some time steps to root : 1 . ) you are going to want to head over to the htc dev [ eloper ] site ( [ link ] ) and make an account or sign in . once you have done one of the two , you are going to want to click ' unlock bootloader , ' then ' get started . ' it will next ask you what device you are trying to unlock , click ' droid incredible 2 ( verizon ) ' then ' begin unlock bootloader . ' then a pop up window will ask you if you are sure , just click ' yes . ' then , another pop up window will appear , just tick the two boxes and press ' proceed to unlock instructions . ' 2 . ) go to your phone . take off the [ back ] battery door and remove the battery ( do not hold the power button and make it a proper shut off , just rip the battery out . then , put the battery back in . once you have replaced the battery , hold the volume down button and the power button at the same time until a white screen shows up . you can use the volume rocker to highlight your selection , and the power button to select the highlighted selection . right now , we want to highlight ' bootloader ' and use the power button to select it . next , grab your miniusb cable and plug it into your computer to your phone . 3 . ) next , make a folder on your computer in the c:\ drive . in windows vista and 7 , you can just go to computer from the start menu and it will be labeled local disk ( c : ) . you can name the folder whatever you want , i am just going to name it android . next , you are going to want to download my adb , fastboot , and adbapi . zip file and place all three files into the android folder . after you unzip the adb/fastboot folder , you are going to want to ( if you have not already ) download and install the android sdk manager . you will need to install sdk tools [ and i believe a version of android ? ] after you have installed everything , you can go to the start menu again and type in ' cmd ' in the search bar and press enter . then type in the following : ( or you could take the easy way of going to your c:\ drive and shift-clicking the folder and press ' open command window here . . . ) code : cd c:\android 4 . ) after you have got into command prompt and are in the \android folder , type in the following : code : fastboot oem get_identifier_token you will then see a great big brick of random characters . right click in the bottom right-hand corner of '&lt ; &lt ; &lt ; &lt ; &lt ; identifier token end > > > > > ' and click ' mark . . . ' hold down the left-mouse-button and select the great brick of text up until '&lt ; &lt ; &lt ; &lt ; identifier token start > > > > ' ( do not highlight any of the ' info ' things . ) then , right-click again and you will have the identifier token copied to your clipboard . back on the htc dev site , it will ask you for your identifier ; just paste the identifier in the box and it will send you an email with a . bin file ( unlock_code . bin ) and just throw that into the folder with adb and fastboot . 5 . ) you are going to want to click the continue link that htc dev sent you as well to downloading the file . after you have finished downloading and put it in the folder , type in the following : code : fastboot flash unlocktoken unlock_code . bin once you have done that and pressed enter , your phone will change screens . it will ask you if you are sure you want to do this . just press the volume rocker up and press the power button . your phone will reboot and take you back to android . it is normal and it does not mean it failed . . . your phone is fine and it should have went ok if you followed the steps . we are done with htc dev now , so you can close it . 6 . ) next thing we are going to want to do is flash clockworkmod ( cwm ) recovery onto your phone . you are going to want to download the . iso for cwmr and flash it to your phone ( download link [ link ] . ) after you are done downloading the . iso , place it into your adb and fastboot folder . once your phone has finished starting up , take the battery out again and put it back into hboot mode ( step 2 . ) you are going to want to go back into fastboot ( step 2 , again ) and flash the recovery by doing the following : code : fastboot flash recovery recovery ( press tab ) once you press enter and fastboot says it has completed , it will just have the fastboot screen . just highlight ' bootloader ' and press the power button . next , to make sure it worked . . . scroll down to ' recovery ' ( which is right under fastboot ) and select it . the htc screen should show and then cwmr should come to life . 7 . ) this is where the real magic happens . we are going to install superuser on to your phone now . reboot your phone into regular android . now , you can plug it into the computer and make it a disk drive or pop out the minisd card and put it into a converter . now , you are going to want to download superuser ( [ link ] ) and put it onto the minisd ( i recommend not putting it in any folders so it is easy to find . ) now , put your phone back into cwmr ( step 6 . ) now , use the volume rocker to scroll down to ' install . zip from sd card ' and press the power button . now , find the superuser . zip ( or whatever it is named ) and press the power button . the ' yes ' to install it is in the middle of all the ' no ' options , use the volume rocker to select ' yes ' and press the power button . wait for cwmr to finish , and in the meantime . . . just stare at your phone . after you have finished installing superuser , restart your handset into android . once it has finished restarting , go into the app drawer and find the superuser app . press the ' menu ' button and tap ' settings . ' scroll down to ' su binary x.x. xx ' and tap it . on the bottom it will say ' update binary , ' just tap that and it will do its ' magic . ' once su has finished updating binary , you have a rooted dinc2 .
the general approach to gaining " root " on the htc incredible 2 is to get s-off , so you can flash a custom rom . i am on the road now , and have neither the inclination nor the resources to compose a full guide here , so i will point you to the best rooting guide for our phone : gain s-off and root the htc incredible 2 note : the guide is aimed at linux users--use an ubuntu live cd if you have to . anyway , it is a much better guide than the ones i see in the google top 10 , which are either hard to follow along , or leave out ( possibly ) necessary steps , like hboot downgrading . finally , another helpful resource : comprehensive s-off/root methods
basically , the problem with this is that your phone cannot distinguish between what you want to say and transmit to the other end of the conversation , and words you want to be commands to the phone . what if you call an automated system that says " say ' one ' for x . say ' two ' for y . " ? when you say ' one ' or ' two ' , there is no way ( without very advanced ai ) for the phone to decide whether you intended to transmit that speech ( e . g . " two" ) or intended it to be a command for the phone to dial ( '2' ) . you could possibly have a custom dialer app where if you press a button on your phone , it stops transmitting your voice and accepts commands , and pressing again stops accepting commands and resumes transmitting your voice . i would bet a lot of money that no one has made such a custom dialer . of course , there are many phones where you can enter " pauses " into the dialer , followed by menu choices . for example , 555-555-5555-pause-pause-pause-2-pause-1 will : dial 555-555-5555 wait for the call to connect press '2' ( for a menu option ) wait for the next menu press '1' ( for a menu option ) this might serve your needs if you know the menu layout , but otherwise i think you are stuck ( unless you want to use headphones as lie ryan suggests ) .
you can back up your sd card to a pc by mounting it from the pc or over the network with a number of different syncing tools . this will not backup each application 's state unless they specifically have exported configuration to the sd card . this will include all your pictures . you cannot back up application state ( to a pc ) without root . see the other " possible duplicates " and " related " questions for how and why this is . there is supposedly a backup api built into android ( developer guide ) but i have yet to see that actually be used , or see any reports by others of it working .
without root : no , for security reasons this command is only accessible for the superuser . standard firmware , rooted : yes , if the partition you like to remount is not in a locked flash region ( htc calls that s-on/s-off )
mine was simple ( droid razr ) , i unistalled root tools and i had a pulldown banner . i reinstalled root tools and redid my bannerand its fine now
your mention of ' reset ' is a little unclear , if it is : you did a reboot and it is still broken : it might be broken settings , but that is not easy to debug and fix manually backup via recovery first ! do a wipe dalvik cache via recovery else , reinstall your current rom and google apps , maybe this helps see what adb logcat outputs during boot/runtime , maybe this sheds some light ( hacky , via adb shell ) you can also forcibly rename /system/app/phone . apk to phone . apk . off and reboot , then do a backup of all needed stuff and then reinstall your rom and gapps if all that does not help , consider wiping . titanium backup pro allows extracting backups from your saved nandroid dump ( from step 1 ) fully wiped and still not better : has to be something different than settings , either a faulty rom or a hardware issue backup via recovery first ! install cm7.2 ( see last sentence ) , wipe cache and dalvik cache via recovery ps : cm7.2 is out since june 16 , 2012 .
you have to go to the path /sdcard/data/colornote/BACKUP/ and there should be the idx and dat files . if you have them and you want to backthem up , it asks for the password . i solved this problem by adding another android device . take another android phone and install colornote make a new note and save it go to settings and turn off auto sync . now you can backup manual it will ask you about a new master password ( type in 0000 or whatever ) now connect your android phone and copy the whole folder and paste it into the second device in the same colornote folder /sdcard/data/colornote/backup/ start colornote on the second device . if you go to backups , you will see the backup from your first device the backup will work now and you can easily write it down or take pictures of your notes to put them back on your first device .
i had trouble downloading the latest update . what i did was from the list of applications in the market , i did a long press and cancel download . after that i was able to select it and download it successfully .
i have not seen this particular issue before , but kevin purdy 's " holy trinity " of steps to take with apps that just are not working properly is : from settings | applications | manage applications | &lt ; application&gt ; force stop if that does not help clear cache if that does not help clear data and if that still does not help , try the nuclear option : uninstall and re-install
there is a bluetooth connect and play app that can intercept the incoming " play " command . while it was originally designed to let you start a specific music app playing when a specific bluetooth device connects , you can instead select " stop music from playing " to keep any app from starting when the car connects .
for a more complete instruction set of how to get the nexus 4 udev rules on ubuntu configured follow these instructions : how to find your device vendor id you can find a vendor id for usb connected devices with the following linux command : lsusb  this will generate a list of all connected usb devices so make sure your device is connected before you do so . Bus 001 Device 004: ID 18d1:4ee2 Google Inc.  the first part of the field after id is the vendor id ( 18d1 ) and the second part corresponds to the mode in which the device is connected . in this case 4ee2 equals mtp mode with debug on . create udev rule for nexus 4 to be able to detect the nexus 4 phone under ubuntu , first thing is to create the proper udev rules that will allow the system to detect the phone . these udev rules should be able to handle 4 different cases : phone connected in mtp mode ( usb debug on or off ) phone connected in ptp mode ( usb debug on or off ) phone connected in fastboot mode phone connected in recovery mode they will be declared in /etc/udev/rules.d/99-android.rules . if file already exists , just append the content at the end of it . # sudo gedit /etc/udev/rules.d/99-android.rules  below contents has to be added . make sure to replace the your-login field with your proper username your logged in with . restart services once done , udev service has to be restarted . # sudo service udev restart  note that in some cases it is also needed to restart adb with : adb kill-server adb start-server  or completely reboot the system with : sudo reboot -n  reconnecting the usb cable ( instead of a reboot ) might also work . authorize adb connection if you have just enabled the adb debug option on your phone and created this new connection the adb command might list your device as unauthorized . just check the screen of your phone then to authorize the new connection . credits most of this information was found at http://bernaerts.dyndns.org/android/267-android-nexus4-root-twrp-ubuntu . this is a rooting guide for nexus 4 on ubuntu . i only used the first step of this guide .
it is not enough to make the developer options page appear in the settings menu ( by repeatedly tapping the build number ) . on that page , there is an option usb debugging , which defaults to off . when usb debugging is enabled , connecting your device to a pc using usb makes the " usb debugging connected " notification appear , regardless of whether adb is currently running on the pc .
the nearest i can think of is - generate a pdf and use that with some pdf reader such as ezpdf reader . . . but . . . having said that - android does not have any facility to support printing ( in any shape or form ) so you may be out of luck with that ! developers have often struggled with this and resorted to using the option to generate a pdf . . it is an oft-common question on stackoverflow on how to accomplish this ! who knows , maybe google noticed and realized that , just wait and see with the often rumoured key-lemon pie or lemon meringue later on , just watch this space ! : ) edit : there was another question that was asked here previously . google cloud printing , printershare as per the answers on that question was mentioned . amendment #1: the reason no print facility is there is because it is not a wysiwg environment ( what you see is what you get ) unlike windows which has a huge range of print driver support for all sorts including pdf . the itext library is what developers struggle with - different pages , fonts , etc - it is a big technical feat . . . just saying : )
one idea would be to use the kindle for android app on your device and email the documents to your kindle app using your send-to-kindle email address . the missing link is a printer driver that sends print jobs via email . a quick search indicates that several are available . here 's a seemingly popular one for windows .
i would go with a print-to-pdf driver on the windows or mac end , and set it up to save stuff to a dropbox . on the android side , keep dropsync or equivalent running on the android device , auto-downloading stuff as it shows up . to get the ' instant ' , you will have to set dropsync up to check frequently , or trigger it manually . without writing it yourself , you are very unlikely to find something running on android that pretends to be a printer - it is just not a normal thing that most people want to do .
i am in a very similar situation where i want to install a new rom but i do not want to have to re-install everything . fortunately , we are not alone . seems wartickler from from xda-developers have done the hard work for us . he has posted the very detailed solution at http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1994705 it actually recovers your partition as a raw file , coverts it to vhd and then recovers the data from it ( using magic i presume ) it is not a 5 minute exercise and not recommended for beginners , but seems to solve the problem . ps . i have not tried it myself , so results may vary .
let me starting answering the title question , about backups : honestly , titanium backup is overrated . ( unless you have a lot of non-market app , or apps that have weird local data storage --i , like most people , do not have either ) second , depending on rom compatibility , your apps will be untouched . but do not count on it . i count on it when i update the nightly cyranogen rom on my device , but that is the only case when i do that . for a new rom , you would not even want the same apps to being with . for example , most of my apps before i flashed cyanogen mod were to give me lame solutions for what i was missing without cyanogen . after i got cyanogen , i think i reinstalled only 1/3 of the apps i had before . also , very few apps will store anything exclusively locally nowadays . just go over your list of app , see the ones that install data locally , export it one way or another , just wipe , reinstall and restore . now it is even easier than before as the market will save your previous installs . now to the particular phone issue : there is something wrong . i never had a phone sans sd-card , even the touchpad has a fake sd partition . . . i assumed every install of android required a /data partition to begin with . but even if your phone does not have one , i think it is possible to create , as the guys from cyanogen mod created on the touchpad . now , if by full wipe you really mean full wipe ( factory reset something ) than you are wiping the /data partition as well as the system and the dalvik cache , and everything is normal . you just have to stop doing it : )
you can use adb backup command to back-up everything to your pc . use this manual on xda for correct parameters .
a combination of titanium backup ★ root and foldersync might do . you need to set it up once , then have tb taking care to backup your apps and apps data -- while foldersync automatically transfers those backups plus additional selected folders ( "sd contents" ) to your computer when connected to your local wifi network .
i tried galaxy nexus toolkit to take backup when i updated my galaxy nexus to android 4.2.1 . it worked very well and i was able to restore my apps with data . but for the games like need for speed , i lost the downloaded data . so if your app downloads extra data from servers , you may need to take /android/data/ [ app package directory ] to avoid extensive data download after installation . there is an option in this tool to take entire internal sd card image as virtual sd card . just explore more about this tool and decide if it really can work for you .
looks like this phone does not support flashing partitions via the fastboot utility . according to this guide you will first need to root the phone by following the instructions from here : download the latest version of framaroot and side-load the apk . open framaroot select the action to perform . select “install supersu” . in the rooting menu , select an exploit in list above to potentially root your device as barahir or boromir and proceed further . the rooting has now started and you will be getting an awesome success message . after the end of the installation process , reboot your device and you can now enjoy the rooted lenovo s920 . after the phone is rooted , you will need to do the following : download cwm for lenovo s920 and extract it to the root of your sd card . install mobile uncle app from google play store . once installed , launch it from your app drawer . select “recovery update” from the menu . the tool will search your sdcard automatically and find your “recovery . img” file . select the recovery under “recovery file in sdcard” . click “ok” it will ask you if you want to reboot into recovery . click ok to confirm that your phone boots in cwm recovery . if installing recovery . img doesn’t work on first time , no problem , after reboot install it again through same procedure . this installs the recovery temporarily . if you wish to install it permanently , also do the following : install root explorer and run it . mount the system partition to read/write . navigate to /system/ and delete the file named " recovery-from-boot . p " . re-install cwm as described above .
what you want to do is make your own rom using a existing one and add more stuff to it . this site would have helped you http://romkitchen.org/ but its now down . this thread contains more info , including links to more tools .
you would easily be able to do this via a nandroid backup , and there a apps on google play that allow you to restrict the device . the only issue is licenses for apps - they are linked to the google account , so you would have to use the same google account on every device if you do not want to pay for every app for each google account on every device . this is fine if it is a generic account , but it may not be wanted if it is a personal account . if you make a nandroid backup with all the apps , and then restore it to all the other devices , it will have the apps , settings and licenses , as well as the google account . i am going to check on google play for the app that allows you to limit ability ( i know there is at least one ) .
get " s note helper " from google play store
see this post , it may help . how do you skip the pin to go directly to the camera from the lock screen ? ( i disclose i am the developper of the proposed solution )
what the manual does not say is : camera quick access = on ( might as well switch this off as it cant work out how to get by the pattern recognition for the camera to auto start ) what is does say is : settings -> scroll down to personal -> lock screen -> lock screen options -> scroll down to features -> camera quick access on camera quick access : while the screen is locked , and help upright tap and hold the screen , and then rotate the device to the landscape view to launch the camera ( when the camera shortcut is activated ) . see p . 152 of the samsung user manual from september 2012 jelly bean version .
the radio chip-set is more than likely , shared with bluetooth and thus issues the commands specific to bluetooth to be able to switch on the fm receiver . this will depend on the handset in question . you do need the headset to be plugged in as that acts as a fm antenna . the fm radio framework was an add-on to the cm source at the time of gb 2.3.7 ; the headset acting as antenna is indeed the mechanism ( do not ask me how/why , but its common among certain chip-sets that requires it ) . the actual fm radio app was developed by andorko , he used to hang out on the zte blade community , developed the radio and one of the cm devs on that same community , integrated the radio framework into cm , ( which was non-standard ) . as due to the popularity of the fmradio application , it was tweaked and adapted for other chip-sets in question based on handset . depending on handset , silicon industries is one , si470x ( x being 8 or 9 ) is common ( used on galaxy 5 , zte blade ) , there is texas instruments ( ti ) which shares the bluetooth functionality within the ti chip-set - we are talking soc ( system on chip ) , by sending a series of bluetooth hci commands , the fm radio receiver starts up . by your comment below ' why did it work before ? ' that is assuming it was a stock rom that came with galaxy fit handset , then in that case , the fm radio support was based on some proprietary software within the stock fm application itself . cm 7.2 handled it differently using a non-standard framework for communicating with the fm radio , in which the above radio application that comes with cm , was adapted for that very reason .
did you try this : turn the power off . if your samsung galaxy s is frozen , pull the battery out and reinsert it hold the volume down button press and release the power button you are now presented with a menu that allows for fastbook , recovery , clear storage , and simlock select clear storage by pressing the volume down button press and release the power button now simply confirm your decision : volume up for yes and volume down for no ( source : knowyourcell . com -- the first hit on a little google search ) update : alternative approaches are listed at hard-reset . com , e.g. : charge your battery fully before doing a hard reset press and hold volume up + home button ( or volume up + down ) keep pressing these 2 buttons + press power button for 2-3 seconds release only power button , but keep pressing volume up + home buttons ( or vol up + down ) you also might check with the following question here : sgs does not go to download , recovery mode nor does it connect via usb after installing a battery mod
thanks all for your help i can confirm that : i had a rom ( from orange france ) without any way to put my phone in download mode the little device here http://galaxy-download-mode.blogspot.ch/ works i was then able to upgrade my gt-i9000 and now home+vol down + power works ( so not download mode was not an hardware issue )
my first instinct is to say the partitions are messed up . i would try using the " shipped rom " from here and re-partitioning via odin . i found the . pit file here .
according to this page the original stats are this : input ( ac ) : 100-240v , 50/60hz output ( dc ) : 5v , 1.8a here 's an image : the newer charger is 9v and 1.8a .
i too have the problem with wifi sometimes . wifi fixer seems to do the job of fixing it in most cases . except from that , as said before , this is a bug , so you may use that temporary fix until they hopefully fix that bug .
this bug report seems to describe a similar issue . the thread is a mixed bag of reports of various versions/apps/phones/networks either fixing or causing the issue , so you may need to dig through it and try some things to diagnose . fyi , i do not have the problem on my nexus one ( o2 uk ) .
if they are empty , they can be deleted . they will be recreated as needed . before deleting them , make sure that they really are empty . as in , not even hidden files are there , except for ones like " . nomedia "
removing empty folders may not account for much space , but the following will help you remove them . install " sd maid " from the playstore then run ' systemcleaner ' from within . to remove junk files install " clean master " then click on ' junk files ' , cache files and apk files may use up a significant amount of space . faster here than clearing cache files for each application and it is not just browsers that have old cache files .
there is no way to disable the google play store from downloading apps that you have asked to download , however if you go into the google play app settings menu , you can enable the Update on WiFi only option - this will only let updates download when you are connected to wifi . you can also completely disable your mobile data connection by going to system settings -> more -> mobile network -> uncheck the mobile data checkbox . this will stop your device from connecting to the mobile network data .
assuming you have the app available as an apk file , you can use the app nfc transfer to share it . it uses android beam to share any file ( nfc is used to set up a bluetooth connection to transfer the actual file ) .
go to google dashboard and sign in with the same google account you used on your phone . click the arrow next to android to see a list of all your devices with backup data . at the bottom is a button , delete backup data . this button deletes the backed-up data from all devices . there is no way to delete the data from a specific device . if you want to delete not only the data backed up using the " back up my data to google servers " option , but also other synced data like gmail , contacts , calendars , google docs documents , you will find them listed in their own sections on the same dashboard page .
android market is not a free service , it requires the tablet to be licensed by google . usually the cheap tablets do not have the license , and can not access the market . there are ways to install it afterwards , but i think that they are usually model specific .
if you are looking for an updated os , you should contact the device manufacturer and ask them about it . generally for cheap tablets the installed stock rom is all you ever get . your best bet is to root and unlock your tablet and install a rom that has google apps available for it . since you do not list your tablet model , that is the most specific advice on that score i can give . failing that , there are lots of third party sites around that you let download the apks ( installation files ) for apps independently of the market place . you can install them so long as you have Unknown Sources checked in Settings-&gt;Applications you can either visit those sites directly on your tablet or visit them on your pc and transfer the download apks to your tablet via your home network . you should be able to install them just by navigating to them in a file explorer and clicking on them ( "sideloading" ) . i like android community myself . caution : you run a much higher risk of getting malware installed on your device this way . i would advise installing an anti-malware app like prey on your device .
if you have ' rooted ' your device , and installed recovery onto it , then you can use a gapps package located here to install the android market onto it : gapps download
i am having the exact same problem and just received the following message from samsung : the kies software does not detect the handsets , there are several causes for this and a process of checks will discover the cause and show the solution : check the system specification is correct for the kies software . check the correct and up to date version of the software is being used . check that handset is set on the correct mode which is samsung kies . be sure that the handset show connected ‘not connecting’ on home screen . try to test a different usb port and restart pc . check in device manager that the driver has been installed and update if required if handset has device manager ( download one from market place for android 2.1 or higher ) ensure that all tasks have been ended and handset is in the idle mode before connecting ‘download the task killer , it is an application used to close all the applications ( not just minimizing them ) ’ completely remove current version of the kies software and re-install the latest version from the website . test with different pc . it is quite a number of possibilities being mentioned .
had same problem . open the app drawer , tap on settings > storage , tap on unmount sd card then you have to physically remove the sd card . worked now !
take a look at network discovery -- it lists all devices within the same network , together with some details on them , as e.g. ip , mac address , available services : network discovery ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants ) other port scanners will do as well .
works in 2.3.6 i have 2.3.6 version ( galaxy y ) . i am not sure if this works in 2.3 alone but this answer could help others as this ( text forwarding ) is tricky in android which you will not find any menu options directly . even i had trouble forwarding initially but i found the actual answer from hedgeterimmer 's answer . long tap the message text ( message options menu appears ) scroll down the menu and look for forward option ( button ) and that is what you wanted
you could long-tap the message , select " copy message text " , then paste that into the input field of a thread with the new recipient .
it is just an updated version of the music app ( new , fancy ui ) , supposedly ready for full google music cloud , for when it comes to the uk . i was unable to view the details in the market like yourself , but i could actually do the update . nexus s on 2.3.4 too . did you by any chance get an update notification for google books too ?
the only solution i know of for the level of syncing you want to achieve is companionlink . it will sync contacts , calendar , tasks and notes between outlook and android , it will also cost you $49.95 .
apart from the grand old man of the syncing world that ryan 's pointed out above , there is also goats and touchdown as other notables . there is a fairly detailed table at http://www.syncdroid.net/ that illustrates and lists software designed to sync data to android devices .
i use pocketcloud and it always seems to do well for me . although , i have not tried it a lot with an external mouse .
i am not sure what you mean by " hdmi support " , but i myself use teamviewer . i have tested lots of programs like this for my android , and my experience tells me that this is the best app for me . i hope you get the same impression .
the concept is the same with a pc . if you have too many programs running at the same time on your computer , the you will notice that it becomes slow or sluggish over time . and if you look at the xperia j 's specs , it only has a single-core processor . so , you can not really expect it to run as snappy as a samsung galaxy s4 which has a quad-core processor .
while this might appear to temporarily " speed up " your device , this kind of " chuck norris roundhouse kick " is rather contra-productive for the system , especially for two things : your battery load time to access one of the killed apps again android usually does a good job managing ram . but some apps sometimes make it hard to do so ( mostly by not behaving properly : hogging lots of ram and trying to " stay alive " even if the user wishes them to quit ) . so to have the same " speed-up feeling " without the nasty side-effects , you had better identify those bad-behaving apps which you killed along the others ( like the wild-west saying : " kill'em all and let the lord sort out the bad from the good" ) . i have just added two tags to your question . you might wish to consult their tag-wikis and most frequented questions for more details . to do so , simply click them ( or hover your mouse over them and select the links to " info " for the tag-wiki , etc . ) .
seems like you need to turn either camera or storage in settings > storage > ( overflow menu ) > usb computer connection ( on your nexus7 2013 ) to install the adb driver
when changing mode and looking at device manager : mtp : i see only the " nexus 7" device under " portable devices " , not updatable ptp : i see " nexus 7" under both " portable devices " and " other devices " none : i see only " unknown device " under " other devices " , not updatable so , to fully install drivers , with adb interface , i had to put it first into ptp mode ( +debubbing mode ) . then update the drivers of the nexus 7 device under " other devices " manually with the google drivers . now put the tablet in mtp mode and update the nexus 7 driver under " portable devices " . choose " let me pick . . . " , then " composite . . " . the " android composite adb interface " now appear under " android device " . et voila . .
i ended up doing a variation of this . . . the problem i had was the portable/other devices issue . the mtp portion of the driver seemed to be working so i was not getting a warning in device manager . . . ergo , i did not even know that existed until you mentioned it in this post . updated from the " portable devices " bit and it worked right off .
i am posting the solution ( as @danhulme asked me ) despite the fact that it is trivial . if you already use latest drivers and have no option to reinstall a part or entire system , the only way is to keep trying with what you have again and again . i do not know what exactly happened , but after a day of trials ( plugging the new device and removing it , pointing the system to the drivers in this way or another ) it was finally connected . as for the other side-question about mtp , it was actually answered by @eldarerathis in comments : mtp mode can be enabled/disabled in settings > storage > ( overflow menu ) > usb computer connection .
i assume you can you adb to push it on , but do not take my word . you run the risk of bricking your device . xda-developers . com is the best place to ask android questions . they also deal with this technical side . sorry for this not being a real answer , but i can not comment and they can help you out more . generic answer get root access unlock bootloader install custom recovery like a clockwork mod flash rom
no and no . in the first case , the app is not downloaded from google play , it is downloaded from another source . in the second case , it is shipped with the rom , and has no ties to google play . however , if you supply the apk via other means than google play , you can not use google play 's update features .
if you are talking about sim unlock , it is possible to re-lock it back to the network as was often the case with old nokia dumb-phones . however , i have not seen this in practice with most phones now-a-days . usually , once it is unlocked from the network , any sim card can go in place and use it . however , if you are talking about locking the boot-loader - then that is a different thing altogether , hence my comment above to ask for clarification . in this case , you can re-lock the boot-loader , depending on the manufacturer and the procedure used originally .
not a physical keyboard , but the hacker 's keyboard soft keyboard has control and alt keys on the keyboard .
since android does not really have control or alt , you might be able to get a virtual keyboard with them but i very much doubt there is a device with them on a physical keyboard . your best bet is a shell with support for these keys . terminal emulator does ctrl+key by holding volume down and pressing the key , for example .
the authentication on some android phones occurs at a screen where you type in fastboot oem unlock and unlock the phone allowing you to change what your phone will boot into when you load . the authentication your referring to is not seen much anymore . one example would be in the earlier days i had a htc legend with a signed boot load , this meant that i had to get htc to sign a rom if i wanted to load it onto my phone . so to bypass this authentication we would load up the htc update tool on our pc 's stop on the screen just before the rom would be loaded onto the phone , go into the temp folder in windows and change the data to the data we wanted to load into our phones and let the htc software load our content rather then there own . these days the exploits to bypass authentication are rarely needed as most phones are not locked . edit got away from myself there and missed the main point in the title q : how android custom recovery roots the phone ? a : it does not
recovery is not actually booting into linux , its running before linux runs and modifying how linux runs . [ i note that " locked boot loaders " prevent you from changing the kernel , luckily you do not have one ! ] i am not sure on the specifics , but if you can get access to the linux kernel bootup parameters it is always possible to " get root access " - because the linux kernel is what defines and controls root access ! ! !
as davidgo explains , the recovery is like a separate , very simple operating system that your device boots into . when you boot into recovery mode , android itself is not running , so none of the os-level protections like users and file permissions make any difference . however , the recovery mode does have access to the main filesystem of your phone . it is normal for a recovery to mount that filesystem to apply updates , but when you are rooting your phone , the update you supply just writes a suitable su binary to the correct place with the necessary permissions ( i.e. . with the suid bit set ) . then , when you reboot into android , the su binary is there and available to use . if you want to think of it like a pc , it is like booting from a live cd , mounting the root filesystem of the pc , and editing /etc/sudoers or /etc/passwd to give yourself root access . of course you can do this from a live cd , because the ' real ' operating system on the pc is not running .
i had the same issue . you will have to change your phone notification settings . go to " settings , " then " call " , then " phone settings " under " other call settings . " scroll all the way to the bottom of the call setting screen and select " phone notification preview " ( to show caller id for missed calls and voicemails on locked screen and status bar ) . most likely , you downloaded an app on your phone that adjusted your phone settings . i hope this helps .
this is probably because you do not have a good reception when the phone call happens . if you have a good reception but is still not getting the call , contact your operator ; standard voice mail is managed by your operator not the phone ( that is why you can still get a voice mail even when the phone is turned-off/out-of-service-area , but it will not show in missed calls , which is managed by the phone itself ) .
go to settings > developer options and change window animation and transition animation to 1x for the default or 0 for the speediest ui response
disabling the default action for an intent is easy enough to do on ics . from the launcher , press the menu button , and choose Manage apps . select the app that you chose as the default for the action . scroll down and touch Clear defaults .
if you can not find an appropriate setting on your device , you may have another app take care for that . there are some on the playstore addressing exactly your problem , e.g. : defaultapp reset 1 explicitly states this will work on android 1.5-2.3.3+ and 3.0-3.2+ and 4.0-4.0.3+ and 4.1+ , default app manager 2 does not explicitly state ( but is free , so you could check ) . to your second question : it is rather system-wide for the same action . for example , if you open an audio file from the file manager , and select the player for " always " -- this will also be used if you select an audio file from , say , the browser . a second screenshot 3 from the default app manager app may be helpful to understand this part :
on the kindle fire ( gingerbread ) , i go into settings > applications > third party applications and select dolphin browser , my usual default browser . there is a clear defaults button on dolphin 's page . that button un-defaults my browser and restores the question . i would expect you had have to do something similar - use system-settings for a given application - to undo it is default-ness .
after searching the internet for similar issues , i did the following : i unplugged my phone from the usb cable . on the home screen , i pressed the bottom left settings button and chose settings . i selected " . . . more " . i pressed " developer options " in the list below . i turned on the developer options at the top . under the debugging section , i checked " usb debugging " . i reinstalled samsung kies . i started kies . after kies started , i plugged in my phone to the usb cable . after connecting my phone with kies running , the windows update form appeared and a new entry was in the list . after the driver installation , everything worked . i do not even have to run kies first before connecting my phone to get windows 7 to recognize it . it just works . i do not know exactly what series of events caused this to start working , but now i can actually copy stuff to and from my phone . ( yay ! )
when you connect your galaxy s4 to the pc via usb , open the notification center and you will see a message that says something like Connected to USB. Click for more options . click it , and then select View as camera . after that you , should be able to copy files from the pc to your phone .
with the phone off , press power then let go and press and hold home and menu while it boots up .
i would suggest flashing the stock ics ( or gingerbread , if you prefer ) rom via odin . full instructions here . get the official image from http://www.sammobile.com/firmware/ ( search for " n7000" and select the download for the appropriate region . ) download and install the usb drivers ( for 32 bit or 64 bit windows ) download the odin tool . extract the contents of the downloaded rom and place it somewhere on your pc . reboot the phone into download mode ( volume down + home + power buttons . ) run odin and connect the phone to the pc via usb . odin should recognize the phone by showing a yellow [0:COMX] sign in one of the " id:com " boxes . select the " pda " button and browse to the extracted tar file . make sure that only two boxes are checked in odin - Auto Reboot and F.Reset Time . click " start " . this should refresh the phone with a brand new os and all prerequisites .
there are known issues with certain sd cards causing some read/write errors which prevent your phone from entering the deep sleep state . this causes your phone to drain battery fairly quickly as compared to a phone which goes into deep sleep when not in use . you should update your phone as certain kernels have also been known to fix battery drain issues . if it does not help , consider changing to another sd card from another manufacturer .
a google+ account is tied to a google account . so what you can do is using your own account on the android device instead of the shared one .
if your device is rooted , you might want to take a look at button savior ( root ) – if not , at button savior non root . or at virtual button bar : button saviour and virtual button bar ( source : google play ; click for larger images ) what do all the three have in common ? as the screenshots show , they enable virtual softkeys at places where you want them . so you can avoid the " dead areas " , and still have them present . admitted , this does not resize the screen ; but at least fixes the problem with the buttons .
mostly likely the update over the air downloaded the wrong archive , which failed to automatically install . in addition to that i found on several forums that the phone had many broken stuff after such update . therefore i have decided to update it manually . i have downloaded the zip archive with latest official firmware , put it on my sdcard , rebooted the phone into recover console . it automatically found my zip archive and the phone was updated . everything works fine now . the complete instructions together with latest firmware can be found here ( russian language ) : http://www.youhtc.ru/forum/showthread.php?p=304305posted=1#post304305 i have translated them in short below : download the zip archive with ruu_saga_s_htc_europe_2.10.401.8_radio_20.4801.30 . 0822u_3822.10.08.04_m_release_225161_signed . exe from here rename the zip archive to pg88img . zip and put it in the root directory on sd card power off the phone press volume-down button and then power button . the recovery console will pop up . the phone will automatically find the zip file and check it . it will ask you to confirm the update . if you are ok with that , the phone will be updated .
i believe your downloaded update file is broken somehow . further notice : ! ! manual operations always have the risk to brick your phone . so be careful , and remember i take no responsibility . you can manually update with rom update utility ( ruu ) . ruu is a pc program that updates your phone through usb connection . you should backup all your information first . and you can find the released ruu list here http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1002506 as of know , latest seems to be ruu_saga_s_htc_europe_2.10.401.8
uncheckinge the " use home time zone " option also fixed it for me , although i am at a loss to know why this is so , especially since i did not travel outside of home . now , if i could only figure out how to keep google calendar and contacts in synch with ms outlook , i would be a happy camper .
i just figured out the fix and i am no techie . after reading several of these posts i noticed someone said to uncheck a setting under calendars . i unchecked the box that said " use home time zone " after setting time to my zone . it worked even though i can not tell you why . i have only had my android for a week and have not traveled out of this time zone . i probably just checked the box not realizing what havoc it would cause !
i had a problem with a secondary calendar which sounds similar . on edit the time zone changed . i went into the calendar and made sure all of them were set to my time zone . each calendar has changeable time zone on google calendars .
i would suggest clearing the calendar data and re-syncing the events from your gmail account ( s ) . go into Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; All then scroll down to calendar , tap on it , and tap on the " clear data " button . do the same for the " calendar storage " app . now go back twice ( exit to the main settings menu ) and go into the Accounts &amp; sync section . for each account you added , go in and toggle the " sync calendar " option off and then back on again . after the calendar data finishes synchronizing , try editing an existing event again and see if the issue persists . p.s. you might need to re-enable the visibility of one or more calendars in the calendar app by going to Menu -&gt; More -&gt; Calendars and ensuring the ones you want are set as " synced , visible " .
you can do this . i use zedge to get ringtones . get a mute or silent ringtone and then select another ringtone and set it manually for specific people . zedge also helps you set it for individual contacts .
great answers are posted already . if your device is rooted , you can look for a custom rom such as cyanogenmod , aosp rom etc . these roms do not have google apps by default . you have to flash them separately . if available , you can install a custom rom compatible with your device , then install a micro gapps package ( also known as minimal google apps ) . the micro gapps package basically just include play store and core services without all the extras such as hangout , google+ , maps , etc . a good resource for custom rom is xda forums .
i am not 100% sure for all apps involved , but for most the " general rule of thumbs " applies : go to settings→apps select the " all " tab ( to also show pre-installed apps ) walk the apps one-by-one , open their entries , and select " clear cache " plus " delete data " especially exclude things like " google play services " , but include the " calendar provider " and " contacts provider " ( or similar named entries ) . it is a good idea to first make a backup ( just in case ) , and also to keep log of what you cleared . the former in case you hit one app too much , the latter in case you need to perform a factory-reset one day – as after that , sync would be automatically enabled by default , and you can only disable it after having finished the wizard and re-created your account – so all calendars , contacts , etc . would be back .
as always do a backup of your device before removing anything if you do not understand something that is stated please ask , before continuing 1 ) go into settings and turn off all syncs . goto settings/apps/ locate the google apps you do not want running . clear data and disable each , one at a time . [ leave playstore , play services , services framework , and accounts manager intact ; i am not sure about partner setup and one time init , try those and if not working properly re-enable ] or 2 ) assuming you are rooted : you can manually uninstall most of the google apps . if you know which ones to remove ! ! ! [ leave playstore , play services , services framework , and accounts manager intact ; i am not sure about partner setup and one time init ] . i use /system/app-mover [ https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=de.j4velin.systemappmoverhl=en ] to switch apps from system to user space , then delete from there . or 3 ) assuming you are rooted : the easiest way of slimming down on the google apps would be to flash a minimal gapps to your device , that have the core requirements necessary for your apps from playstore to function properly . you can add-on any of the other features after that as needed . like i stated at the top , make sure you make a backup/nandroid so any issues can be easily corrected . good luck
technical answer : yes . practical answer : it is hard . you will need : " manual intent shortcuts " app to add really custom shortcuts on the desktop ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.cwfk.ig88.intents ) . plus : knowledge how to generate a specific intent that does exactly what you want to do ( install above app and see what information it wants , you have to know exactly what to do ) . ps : i had a look at ezpdf and it seems to allow to launch a specific . pdf file by an intent at a given page , so your problem is solvable , but requires deep knowledge of ezpdf and android 's intent subsystem ( intent extra data : path , page ) . edit : sample for ezpdf , alas jumping to the page does not work , but the correct file is opened shortcut name : test action : android . intent . action . view category : uri : file:///sdcard/test . pdf component package : udk . android . reader component class ( fqdn ) : udk . android . reader . pdfreaderactivity extra key : page extra value : 14 [ ] broadcast regarding how to get those values : use a file browser to open the ' test . pdf ' file you want to open by the shortcut later . <code> adb logcat -d | grep -i ‘test . pdf’ you should see some line like this : i/activitymanager ( 123 ) : starting activity : intent { act=android . intent . action . view dat=file:///sdcard/test . pdf typ=text/plain cmp=udk . android . reader/ . pdfreaderactivity } </code> manual launch via adb :
it is not possible to get it in english . you will always get the text as it is " locally " . it is also a known annoyance .
try installing morelocale 2 and setting the locale to one of the english speaking countries or yet better define a new locale with language en and locale jp .
no lock works for me on my lenovo a1 !
i have released an app called soundabout on the google play store that may help .
after checking this on a samsung galaxy s 3 , a nexus 7 , and a nexus 10 , with several different keyboard apps , i could not see a similar issue , so i suspect this problem is specific to that model of phone . perhaps htc skimped on the touchscreen for this device , or did a poor job with the touchscreen integration . if that is it , there is probably nothing you can do but hope that a software update will fix the problem . alternatively , it could be a problem with that particular phone . try giving the touchscreen a wipe with a damp cloth . try to get access to another phone of the same model and check if it has the same problem : if it is only your phone , you should take it back to the shop and have them fix it .
this may seem drastic but in the long run it may save you time : have you tried doing a factory reset ?
for me , it was the plex service . i had to clear it from  Apps -&gt; Running  and from  Apps -&gt; Running -&gt; Show Cached Processes  i used iptraf to verify ( like top for network traffic ) if that helps any . . .
linux is absolutely the best way to do this sort of things . this is a thread on xda about how to set the development environment on linux ubuntu in particular http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2302780 follow these steps and you will have fastboot command set up to do the unlocking process . plus you will not need any driver to let the system recognize the device .
this may be solved by clearing the cache and data of the dialler app . to do this , go to Settings › Apps › swipe to All › select the dialler application from the list › clear Cache and Data .
open up http://www.google.com/contacts and perform a search for the person you want to merge . tick both contacts , click " add to my contacts " and the google+ contact will have a copy of itself made from " other contacts " to " my contacts " , then click more -> merge
i had the exact problem for my galaxy note 2 . i fixed it by following these steps : go to settings from the menu button on the home screen . click " my device " . click " lock screen " . click " screen lock " . enter your passcode . click whichever security setting you used before .
go to Settings -&gt; Security -&gt; Screen lock , enter the pin once more and select Slide ( or what ever you had before ) .
you should be able to go into settings> application manager and clear data and cache for the firefox application .
from google voice settings ( on the web , not the phone app ) , under phones , select your mobile number , and edit . uncheck " receive sms on this phone "
make sure you have updated to the latest version of the google voice application in the market . then open the app on your phone . go to : settings > sync and notifications . uncheck the " notifications via text message " box . back all the way out , and just for good measure , reboot your phone .
head over to http://get.cm/?device=n7000 and note the md5sum of the download ( take care that build name / date match , of course ) . you can then check it on your phone against what was downloaded using filesums together with any file explorer app ( filesums acts as possible target for the " send to " share button when you long press the . zip file ) . open the file explorer , navigate to /storage/emulated/legacy/cmupdater/  and then long press the file you want to calculate the md5sum to " send it to " filesums . or you can download it from your phone using your computer ( via mtp or a sd card reader in case your phone has a removable one ) . then check the file 's md5sum locally using the commandline tool md5sum ( on linux ) or any windows md5sum utility ( looks like http://www.md5summer.org has a decent one , or just google it ) .
stabilitytest is a stress-testing tool for android devices with error reporting .
if you have an ( w ) lan network connected to an adsl modem at your home , a mobile access point is like that adsl modem ; a mobile access point ( ap ) translates between the protocol of the mobile network to the protocol of the wider internet . imagine the mobile network as a lan , and access points are the nodes in the lan that have direct access to the internet , all communication between the inner network and the outer network must go through an access point . access points can have rules about what data can pass through it , how it works is similar to how a firewall works . at a minimum , the firewall will have rules on which ports that applications can connect to . by default , http uses port 80 and https uses port 443 , but any protocol can use any port number as long as both the client and the server agrees on which one to use . a more aggressive firewall will also inspect the destination of a data packet , and an even more aggressive one could inspect the actual content of the packets , as long as they are not encrypted . the job of a proxy is to tunnel a data transmission through a remote server ; so if you configured your phone to use proxy 123.123.123.123 at port 80 or 443 , the firewall will have no way of distinguishing between this and normal http/https connection , especially with https proxy as the data is encrypted from the client to the proxy . the remote proxy server , which is ideally located in an unrestricted network , will then relay the data to their true destination . the network operator can block a proxy by blacklisting their ip address and configuring their firewall to block any access to the ip address of a known proxy , but since there are 4 billion ipv4 addresses and the ip addresses used by some proxies change all the time , it is difficult if not impossible task to blacklist every proxy in existence . anyone can also create their own proxy server using their own home connection or purchase a server that they use for proxying , this makes it impossible to filter all proxies . most networks that blocks only for browser connections does that to limit usage of bandwidth sucking applications , like torrents ; so , as long as your proxy usage does not burden the network too much and you are not using it to access illegal materials , they usually would not hunt you down for it .
i would gues that access point is sending you pac - proxy auto configuration . if you ignore this you can browse freely .
this is the mic on the samsung galaxy s2 and this is another mic on the top . in the user guide it says that it is a " mouthpiece " i presume by that they mean a microphone that is only active when you use the speakerphone feature or record videos or when the user is on a video call .
right now this is not very likely . if the phone was listening and analyzing the surrounding voices constantly that would drain the battery very quickly . you could also detect app activity , data connection , etc . while that process occurs . indeed @gunner has a plausible explanation . nevertheless , it is likely that at some point phones could analyze phone call conversations the same way that gmail analyzes the text of emails and suggest personalized ads based on these conversations .
it is possible that maybe your parents ( or your friends ) searched for it , or +1d it , or checked into it , and they are in your circles ! google regularly gives you suggestions based on what people in your circles like . take a look at http://www.google.com/policies/terms/changes/ feedback from people you know can save you time and improve results for you and your friends across all google services , including search , maps , play and in advertising . for example , your friends might see that you rated an album 4 stars on the band’s google play page . and the +1 you gave your favorite local bakery could be included in an ad that the bakery runs through google . we call these recommendations shared endorsements and you can learn more about them here . hope i helped !
some devices would have the kernel compiled with acm serial support ( this is dependent on manufacturer/board/kernel ) so that it could be used as a dial-up modem from a pc via usb cable , that is the functionality behind /dev/ttyACM n where n is a digit as allocated by the kernel . to check for that , look in /proc/config.gz which is the kernel configuration file used , this is a gzipped file detailing the configuration of how the kernel was built , the ones you are looking for is , need to search for it : config_usb_android_acm=y config_usb_f_serial=y config_modem_support=y again , its dependent , some elect to not include it , others will omit it so basing my comment above , i think you are using the wrong device file name , the real modem device file is /dev/smd0 which is used in conjunction with /dev/socket/rild ( see my answer on stackoverflow explaining about that ) . /dev/smd0 sits in front of /dev/socket/rild , rild daemon reads from that device and relays it to /dev/socket/rild which is then handled by the android layer in both directions . try using either of the device filenames , with atinout program referenced on sourceforge , to see what outcome you will get . disclaimer : i am not responsible for messing up your telephony stuff if you carry it out as per on the sourceforge site , if it gets messed , reboot !
as i said in my answer to your first question : be warned that the device file you need to use is different for each model of phone , so you will have to examine /dev on each device to find out which file to use . if you can not find a report from someone else who has got it working on the same phone , you will need to use a little trial and error to find the right device file .
if you type/paste the url with the time behind #t= into your browser on android ( i use chrome , but others would presumably work the same way ) you should get a popup asking you if you want to open the link in youtube . this will open the video in the youtube app and jump straight to the time defined . matt cutts explains how to do this with the youtube url on his blog . try copy/pasting http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PjDw3azfZWI#t=31m08s into your browser as an example .
youtube now has updated their player and to jump to small area , there is now a popup slider for us to pick the point .
well , you can not do that in the youtube app . i tried some third party apps as well and nothing came up . in addition , the youtube app 's website also tells you to . . . slide the scrubber below the video to jump to a different part of the video . . . so i guess the only option for you is to use your browser to view videos . hope this helps .
download mode is for flashing radio firmware/rom upgrade through official means . some devices uses u-boot over the generic boot , it is a boot-loader code found in read-only rom chip on the board , which uses a certain memory address offset , in which the kernel from the /boot partition gets loaded into that specific certain memory address offset and jumps into that address and the kernel starts running . for details of the generic lk boot which is employed by most , if not all , qualcomm based devices , see this as for download mode , for example odin is commonly used on samsung devices to flash roms , those devices needs to be in download mode prior to flashing . however , odin is not the official way to do it , rather kies , is the official route in upgrading the firmware , this is for samsung devices for example .
if you install the yahoo mail app from the play store , it will synchronize your contacts to your phone 's address book , and pull them up in any app , including gmail . the advantage of this method is that you will have an ongoing sync , meaning any contacts you add via yahoo website will automatically appear on your phone , and vice-verse . if you do not want to install the yahoo mail app , you will need to use a computer . first , export contacts on yahoo website as a csv file as described in this walk-through : go to yahoo mail website on your computer . click on the " contacts " button , and then go to actions -> export . . . select the " yahoo csv " option , click the " export now " button , select somewhere on your computer where to save this file , and click " ok " . then you import the csv file into your google account as described here : sign into gmail . click gmail at the top-left corner of your gmail page , then choose contacts . click the more button above the contacts list and select " import . . . " click the choose file button . select the csv file you generated from yahoo , and click the import button . this method is a one-time import , and any modifications you make to your contacts via yahoo website will not propagate to your phone . instead , your contacts will appear in your google account .
try looking into plex . i have never used it , but i hear it is good and works on a multitude of devices .
for the youtube specific part of your request specifically , google have released an official youtube remote app , that allows you to control playing youtube videos on a pc from an android phone/tablet . you visit http://youtube.com/leanback on your pc , and the app then interacts with it .
in general it is at the moment impossible to stream all audio from your android to another receiver . there is no app which can help you because android itself has no apis for grabbing audio . but sure you may use a specific player , e.g. one for youtube and one for music and so on . i really know what i am talking about because i am developing an app for general streaming audio since several months ( it is really hard work with rooting , kernel-module etc . ) .
i am not really sure why it happens , but i have experienced the same issue in the past with the very same phone . it usually happened when i was travelling , such that once i arrived at a new destination , i would suddenly get text messages delivered . the issue did seem to go away when i installed a custom rom ( the latest cyanogenmod at the time ) . i have since gotten another phone and have never experienced the issue . if you are feeling brave , i recommend flashing a newer rom .
you can use an app called xshortcut ( in google play : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=ex.chinyang.android.xshortcut ) follow the following steps : install xshortcut 2.0 . x open xshortcut 's editor . switch to component page use the following data to create the shortcut you want . component package : com . android . contacts component class : com . android . contacts . activities . dialtactsactivity mime type : vnd . android . cursor . dir/calls
if you are saving music files to sd card , it may be the problem of the sd card . change the sd card and try . good luck .
i have asked a similar question about my browser . the consensus seems to be that these apps are normally pretty dormant when in the background , and my browser was behaving strangely . android 's designed so that you do not need to exit apps ( the system manages suspending and killing them ) ; so , unless you notice an app consuming an abnormal amount of cpu time while in the background , it should be safe to leave them be .
create an event in google calendar with the repeat/reminder frequency that you want . to avoid synchronizing the event with external calendars , put the event on a phone-private calendar : http://www.google.com/support/mobile/bin/answer.py?hl=enanswer=168512topic=21414#1077952
in the clock app , you could create two alarms . one that is set to go off on monday , wednesday , friday , and sunday ; and the other to tuesday , thursday , and saturday . then you just need to alternate which one is off and which is on each week . not a perfect solution , but it will work with the built-in tools . ( otherwise you are going to need to get someone to write you a custom solution . )
the application touch calendar free create entries in phone-only calendar called ' pc sync ' . it also has repeat option as ' repeat every x day ' where i have set as x=2 . these entries are visible in htc calendar too .
i believe you will find it in settings > notification settings > then make sure enable popup is not selected . ( i just tested disabling popup messages - it works . phone vibrates with new message , screen stays off . ) alternatively , you can keep popup enabled , select popup settings > then make sure screen on for popup is not selected . this should allow the popup when you are using the phone , but not when the screen is off .
you have multiple options to solve this : go to settings-> apps , scroll to skype , open it , and hit the " clear defaults " button if that for some reason does not work : simply install some other voip app , try to call a person again ( now you should be able to chose ) , hangup , and remove the other voip app again try default app manager lite , defaultapp reset , or similar apps to reset single default actions chuck-norris-mode : try clear default app for action to reset all default actions last ressort : uninstall and re-install skype all above solutions should reset the default app selected . besides : same procedure works for multiple web browsers , home screen replacements ( launchers ) , image viewers . . .
looks like this is a bug caused by agenda view and multi-day calendar entries . if you have one that includes the current day , calendar opens to the first day of that entry . fortunately , i think the bug is fixed upstream : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=21605 simplest workaround is to delete the multi-day entry . :/
install astro file manager . long tap homescreen and choose Shortcuts . then , choose Astro from list . using it , you can create shortcut of any file on homescreen . bundle these shortcuts in a homescreen folder using your default launcher . i use in-built folder feature of adw launcher ex ( my default home launcher ) . if your default launcher does not have folder feature , you can install folder organizer . using it , you can create folder widget on homescreen . you can put shortcuts in this widget and astro will help here again as in step 2 .
both approaches are possible . in fact , you do not need an app " b " as most android launchers has folders . most android launchers does not allow you to create a home screen shortcut to a file or folder ; however many popular file manager do allows you to do so . with regards to creating shortcuts in the filesystem , android is based on linux , and linux have symbolic links , which is like windows ' . lnk shortcut , only much better implemented . another , much better option is a single app that is specifically designed for your particular use case . try " estrongs file manager " with its plugin " estrongs bookmark manager " . both are free and can be found on the market .
a hard reset is traditionally when you kill all power to the phone and then boot it up from that state . normally you remove the battery , then put it back in and boot up . you are right about factory reset -- it erases all your settings and data , leaving the os . unfortunately , some people use " hard reset " when they really mean " factory reset " .
you can do it by two means , from a custom recovery or directly from odin . you will need to find the kernel file apropriate for your phone and then either : reboot the phone in download mode , connect the usb and use odin to flash the kernel . reboot the phone in recovery and flash the kernel . just remember that odin and recovery kernel files are different , so you can not download the odin file and then flash it from recovery .
for syncing music to your device i use songbird and find it throughly good , and a great itunes alternative . i would suggest you run songbird , then let it find all your music files , take the original files off your samsung , and then sync sonbird with the galaxy device . good luck ! builds can be found here
the easiest way to do this is install winamp on both your computer and your phone . it is a free software and app , so no purchase is necessary . this will do exactly what itunes does with i* devices . winamp will discover your phone on your computer and allow you to literally drag and drop your music files to your phone within winamp . it also imports all your songs from your itunes music folder , so it is a very simple process . it even updates the library if the itunes music folder is updated ( songs are deleted or added ) .
just move your mp3 files to the media folder on the phone and music players will see them . you will also be able to assign the files to the contacts from your address book as personal ringtones .
the answer is not to copy to the directory named usbStorage . probably , just for galaxy s2 . create new directory named Media in / and move your music in it . then , reboot ( optional ) .
remount sd card or even restart will also work or just browse using any file manager type of apps and play using music app . . .
check compatibility of your device here http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/compatibility/win8/compatcenter/productdetailsviewer?type=hardwarename=samsung%20galaxy%20ace%20smartphonevendor=samsungmodelorversion=gt-s5830locale=1033breadcrumbpath=samsung%20galaxy%20ace%20smartphonetemposid=win8
got same problem . here 's a fix . go to the advanced settings by typing " about:config " in the url string , filter settings by " font " substring and change the values of font names corresponding to your codepage from " sans . . . " ( not mono ) to " roboto " . restart firefox
if the underlying baseband does not support 850 mhz it is not going to work . also , if you have a very old sim it probably is not going to work . i believe the software can also prevent you to change the preference . maybe upgrade your baseband ( radio ) after rooting your phone . maybe a factory upgrade will also do the trick , but i am not sure . see http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2794087 to root and be able to flash roms . personally , i would try for a refund or return , try to let the store fix this issue . 3g is on the carton after all ?
lots of apps use this connection to do their work . as well as google 's own apps such as gmail and hangouts , third-party apps that use any of the following features via the google play services library need such a connection to work fully : license verification or in-app purchases push notifications using google cloud messaging signing in with your google account or syncing or backing up your data to google 's servers most google play games services features ( e . g . online multiplayer and leaderboards ) even so , the indicator is not really meant as an indicator about google 's servers . since google 's servers are always there , android checks if it can reach them as a way of knowing whether it can reach the internet in general . that way , it is easier for you to know what is wrong if you are on a captive wi-fi network ; that is , the kind that redirects you to a login or terms and conditions page .
if the dustbin animation is shown the voice note probably is deleted . or you can check all the saved voice notes on the sd card . the path is Whatsapp/Media/Whatsapp Voice
if you have not yet updated you should . it might be the problem that it isen't yet compattable with your os . if that is not the case , reinstal the app so it is fresh and clean .
put their names and number in your address book .
htc starting offering their own free unlock tool online some little while ago in an effort to be more hack-friendly , and the g1 ( or dream ) is one of the phones you can unlock with it . failing that you can also contact htc support to get the unlock code .
if you wish you can check with online unlocking service provider called mobile-unlocker . com who will help you in unlocking your g1 within 1-2 working days . . .
try kingsoft office . . . it can open and edit all sorts of office files , and view pdf . it allows you to have several documents open and switch between them in a tabbed interface . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=cn.wps.moffice_eng
to answer my own question : while i have not found a completely satisfactory solution to this problem , i have discovered in adobe 's reader app the " recents " list - which shows recently read documents in the descending order of last-opened date . this , combined with the fact that the reader app remembers the position of each document that you read , and the fact that the " recents " menu is only a click of the back button away , gives a workable solution to reading multiple documents at a time , albeit slowly . i wish that someone from 1998 could come back in time and give us proper multitasking . how great it would be ! for now , i hope this idea helps someone else .
use stick app in android hope it helps
i had same problem , i searched forums , but could not find a nice solution . than i switched to test some appps , and kingsoft office and pdf is quite good . if you open a new pdf file , it will appeae as a new tab . and the same with docs , but all different file tipes are in a new window link https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=cn.wps.moffice_eng i started to use it today , so a cant tell anything about bugs or stability of the app
judging by the details you have provided , there is nothing to be afraid of regarding the notification . the spy activity you mentioned is never an actual warning from the os but a mere notification generated by the game to involve you in playing it . ( most probably you will be told that some enemy is spotted spying on you in an on-game mission , after the notification is selected and the game is opened . ) so after all , that notification is not a actual positive spyware warning . nothing to worry . you can not read previously cleared notifications of the notification bar . but you might be able to see the previous notification of your game if the game has a such a function in-built . check for notifications or mission updates in in-game menus . this , of course , is bit of a long shot . if there is no such option , those notifications also cannot be viewed .
the first thing to remember is that when an app runs , it does not actually do computation for the whole time it is running : most of the time it is idle , waiting for data to arrive over the network , or while you are looking at it on the screen . only very badly-written apps and games keep the cpu active the whole time they are running : this runs the battery down very quickly , and makes your phone rather warm . so even if chrome has been on the screen for 30 minutes , it should not have used 30 minutes of cpu time . if it is completely static in that time and you are not interacting with it , it might not have used any cpu time at all ! but at the other extreme , even if it was continually scrolling a page , it would not use 30 minutes of cpu time : the screen updates every 1/60th of a second , and each time it just has to run for long enough to work out what the next frame should be . cpu foreground bearing this in mind , cpu foreground is how much time the app has been running on the cpu while an activity from the app was in the foreground . ( it might also include when a service from the app was in the foreground : that is , displaying an " ongoing " notification . ) it is not a very useful figure on its own . cpu total i am sure you already know that apps can run services and broadcast receivers in the background , as well as activities in the foreground . ( for more on this , see what&#39 ; s the difference between a service and a broadcast receiver ? ) cpu total includes all of this cpu use . if it is a lot more than cpu foreground , you might suspect that the app is doing a lot of work in the background and therefore might be a battery hog . how much is " a lot " depends on the app . an app that keeps running to check some remote service will use more cpu in the background than a sudoku game . keep awake when the screen of your phone is off , it starts to think about having a quick nap . it enters a low-power mode called sleep where the cpu is almost completely powered down until needed . because this can interrupt apps ' background activities , an app can use a wake lock to stop the device going to sleep until it is finished . ( there is also another kind of wake lock , which stops the screen turning off automatically . a video player might use that kind of wake lock . ) an app can also use an alarm to wake the device up to perform some background tasks . keep awake measures the length of time that this app has used wake locks or alarms to keep the device awake when it would otherwise have been asleep . in a way , this is potentially the biggest drain on battery . sleeping uses much less power than staying awake , so if an app keeps a wake lock for a long time , it is keeping your device in a high-power mode all that time , even if the app is not doing any useful work . if you see an app whose keep awake time is more than a few seconds , you should report a bug to the app developer , and you might consider uninstalling it . 30 seconds over the course of a whole day is reasonable for an app that does work in the background , but most apps will show less than a second here .
following is the explanation to the numbers you have in question . cpu total = total time of cpu usage of your app ( cpu total = cpu foreground + cpu background ) in your case , chrome browser used the cpu for a total time of 29 minutes and 31 seconds . cpu foreground = cpu usage while the app is in the foreground ( visible on screen and focused ) in your case , chrome browser used the cpu for a total time of 14 minutes and 43 seconds when it was visible and focused in the screen keep awake = the time your app kept the device from sleeping ( prevented the phone from turning the screen off ) additionally , some devices hae the following item as well . cpu background = cpu usage while the app is running in the background ( it has a background process , or widget , etc ) so , as you can see , the actual time the app used your cpu is lesser than the time you used the app .
there is an article that discusses the semi-technical reasons/issues that have lead to the differences in smoothness of android and iphone devices . but after gathering some key points from the article one can conclude : from the very start , ios had been built around a multi-touch screen ( meaning ios had been built from the gound up to be very responsive as opposed to most other oss that adopted full screen multi-touch displays ) yes , it is not always hardware ( processing power ) dependent it is merely a result of ios operating system giving more priority to ui rendering , etc where as android distributes the processing power equaly ( this may be an advantage or drawback as with a faster ui everything from download speeds to loading content will slow down ) ui rendering occurs on the main thread of an app ui rendering has normal priority android is very popularly known to be highly customization and it is simply a matter of tweaking kernel parameters like ' lowmemkiller ' that can make ui : amazingly smooth -- easily as smooth as the iphone or wp7 phones it is not that android lacks the potential , but simply that developers prefer to spend resources elsewhere ( like on the bigger screens of some devices ) . then why does not android spend more resources on ui ? well , android is widely distributed among a wide variety of devices , and that is exactly why when it comes to android , only individual owners can overcome these ( there is no optimum setting android developers can set . . . every device that runs android has its own set of ' optimum settings ' and every user has his own perspective on what they should be ' optimum settings' ) . so the solution , balance the power . . . and no it is not something that has been ' overcome ' on newer android devices . but it depends on what you mean by overcome , as the lowmemkiller of rooted android devices can easily be tweaked ( but it comes as a cost to battery , etc . . . ) for more technicality , see dianne hackborn and andrew munn
you will not be able to tell this information : the target phone could be switched off or unplugged for example .
if the " default storage " is not showing there then you should use any third party application . app2sd , androidassistant , cleanmaster or link2sd should do this . but if your device is rooted you should definitely try link2sd , with some few tweaks it automatically transfers all apps to sdcard . hope that helps .
you may also look here : how do i run two programs at once in split-screen ? tested on a samsung note 10.1 ( sm-p605 ) with android 4.3 i found some apps which are supporting multi window , e . g : my files ( * ) stock video player mx player stock email app gmail stock webbrowser ( * ) chrome gallery contacts phone google maps polaris office 5 whatsapp facebook watch now chat on ( * ) google play store but there are really very few apps capable to run with multiple instances ( from the above list only those which are marked with ( * ) ) . so , you can for example open My Files twice ( left and right of upper and lower half screen ) : unfortunally , Polaris Office 5 ( pdf viewer ) is not capable to run twice . so if you want to view 2 pdf docs side by side , it seems that you have to install a 2nd pdf viewer app and e.g. open Polaris Office 5 on the left and the other pdf viewer on the right side of the screen . a short look to google play store for pdf viewers that support multi window : pdf reader from ivan ivanenko ( free ) ebooka pdf viewer from ivan ivanenko ( free ) repligo pdf reader ( paid , 2,26€ ) at the following screenshot i had opened ivan ivanenko 's pdf reader and ebooka pdf viewer side by side :
try using floating apps . multi window feature is only available on a few android devices like samsung note , etc . floating apps will provide similar functionality . try this : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.lwi.android.flappsfull
there seems to be a range of apps that may do what you are trying to accomplish . here are a couple that look like they have potential . root call blocker pro call guard call blocker gold outgoing call blocker
the easiest way is , if your projector supports wifi connection then any android device will work ( phone/tablet ) with appropriate application . and to view pdfs + to write on it just use adobe reader . or , you can just install droid@screen to do it for you link is this hope this helps . : )
this is definitly possible . there are even multiple approaches i could think of : screen mirroring some devices already ship with this functionality . my sister e.g. just got her new samsung galaxy s4 mini which i helped her to set up , and i noted a related " toggle " in the notification bar to switch " mirroring " on/off . also , newer builds of the custom rom cyanogenmod imho offer this feature . especially via hdmi , this also should be supported ( maybe requiring an additional app ) . remote tools idev already mentioned team viewer in his comment . while the specific component to remote access the android device itself only exists for few devices ( the list might grow , some time given ) , there are several similar/comparable solutions , as vnc . other means there might also exist specific " whiteboard apps " , designed for exactly this purpose . i do not know such one ( but i did not explicitly check for ) , but searching the playstore cannot hurt ( to ease this , as the " official google play website is quite restricted in its search capabilities since its relaunch , i recommend using appbrain for searching ; it is an alternative " web frontend " to google play ) .
check your system settings under language and input methods and check what keyboard is currently selected . it might be the reason why you are getting a different input method by default .
http://www.addictivetips.com/mobile/how-to-replace-and-customize-android-lock-screen-guide/ - http://www.vikitech.com/6075/best-android-lock-screen-apps essentially , if there is not an option in your security settings , you will need to replace your lock screen .
well assuming that you can charge it okay , it is not the cable . also , other phones get recognized by your computer so it is not that either . however , it is always good to have more than one verification on something . try plugging your phone into another computer . if that works , you have a problem with your computer . if it does not work , the only option left is that it is your phone . i would just back up your data and do a factory reset . if that does not fix it , call samsung .
i had the same problem : phone was charging ok but not recognized as external device . i found this solution on the internet and it worked in my case : power off your phone power on the phone in download mode ( volume down + home + power ) press volume up to continue in download mode -> you should see an android bot and some informations about your os ( rooted or standard , . . . ) plug your phone into your computer using your usb cable windows should now discover it and load the driver ( from windows update ) power off your phone power on the phone ( classically this time )
as far as i know , it breaks down into this : other : this is ram that is unavailable right now because it is in use by services that are actually running ( it might be ones that can not be killed , in fact ) . using your example , there is 78 mb of ram in use by 4 processes , hence "78 in 4" . avail : the first number here is the amount of ram that is completely free and not allocated to any process ( the 109 mb in your example ) . the second number is allocated but the process is in a state where it can be deallocated . thus , "58 mb in 8" means there are 8 processes that are currently holding 58 mb of memory , but they are paused/frozen in the background and that 58 mb can be reclaimed by the os if an active process needs it . edit : as jake pointed out in the comment below , you can find a description in this entry on the android developers blog ( scroll all the way to the bottom ) .
summed-up solution from above comments : you can use a filtering proxy like e.g. filterproxy , which lets you define what urls should be blocked . to prevent other users from simply disabling the proxy then , you could protect it using an app locker like e.g. app lock .
you can try another way : wireless connection via wifi . some apps such as airdroid , web pc suite can help you transfer files by wifi . connect the two devices by scanning a qr code , then you can send files between the two devices easily .
maybe not exactly what you had in mind , but coming close : there are several clipboard-action apps available which might come close to that . i did not try them , so no guarantees – but their descriptions are promising they can do that . two examples would be : speaklip auto speak clipboard 2 hopefully one of them proves helpful to you . good luck !
here are all the emoticons from ice cream sandwich with typed string . and a couple of extra ones that are not mentioned above . from http://juxtaposedgraphix.blogspot.in/2012/09/android-40-ics-emoticons-ice-cream.html
i do not have a mapping between characters and images , but i was able to figure out where the images are stored and its contents . the images are stored in /system/framework/framework-res . apk . having pulled this file from ics emulator , i extracted and found 16 files for emoticons grouped based on dpi . the following are the files and its preview for ldpi . and the hdpi : i could not find the map between the string that we type and its corresponding image . there are many google search results that will help to replace these image files and add some more stuff as well . the added emoticons will make sense only if both sender and receiver has this modification , else it will be seen just as a text only . i know this does not answer your question , but while trying to find out one i stumbled on this information which could be useful for some one or some one knowledgeable enough can take it from here . mapping roxan shows us that android 's default keyboard has 16 emotions when you long press the ":- ) " key . let 's see if we can figure out how the map to the symbols : you can edit the answer if you found an error or a new mapping
while typing a message in default keyboard there is an emotion button in the right bottom corner . if you long press it , it will show you all the emotions .
select the menu butyon at bottom when keyboard is open . . not on keyboard but menu button on phone . . then insert smiley will be an option . select that and default all smiley " icons " will display . there are more than the keybaod smile displays . hope this helps .
you could give this xda-developers app a try : note : this app was developed in the early days of ice cream sandwich ports . at this time none of the ports had native usb mass storage support and this app was meant as a temporary workaround to use ums nevertheless . so this app will not be interesting for you , unless the ics or jb port you use still does not natively support ums . if that is the case , here comes help : the app starts automatically after booting up the device and automatically detects when the device is being connected via usb to a computer . then a notification pops up in the notification bar and by tapping on the notification you will open a gui to enable/disable usb mass storage ; just/almost like the original ums feature . sounds quite good so far -- only your galaxy nexus is not explicitly mentioned on the list of known supported devices . this does not necessarily mean it will not work , but just at the moment it is not known . should be worth a try .
it appears that aokp jb build 4 has : " usb mass storage emulation for certain devices ( i9* ) " i have not used it myself yet .
it may be possible to export a loopbacked image file via usb as ums/msc . you will definitely need : root kernel support : loopback ( /dev/block/loop0 ) and ums ( /sys/devices/platform/usb_mass_storage/ ) custom app to enable/disable this or a custom init script to always export the image file here 's an example for an easy hackable app , a little development needed though . . . one needs to change the default block device ( /dev/block/mmcblk0px ) to the loop0 and also losetup the loop0 beforehand , then build . additionally it could be possible to have it mounted on the android device if it is not exported , e.g. at /sdcard/fat here 's a short test on my galaxy nexus ( in recovery mode ) :
this is the tl ; dr version . sorry , usb mass storage is simply impossible with the galaxy nexus . the reason for this is that usb mass storage gives the pc block-level access to the filesystem , and to maintain the integrity of the filesystem , it must be exclusive access . this is why android phones unmount the sd card and apps can not use data on the sd card while the phone is in usb mass storage mode . the galaxy nexus , however , does not have an sd card . it is the phone 's voluminous internal storage that is being accessed . mtp ( see @zuul 's excellent explanation ) gets around this and lets both the phone and pc access the files without the phone having to be locked out . the down sides are that you do not get exclusive block-level access , and operating system support for mtp just is not quite there yet . if this is a feature you simply can not live without , then your best bet is to use a different phone . not coincidentally , this is one of the reasons i got rid of the galaxy nexus and got a droid razr maxx .
short answer : currently you can not make use of your device ( any device that relies on mtp ) to act as an msc , due to the protocol specifications ! elaborating as to clarify , galaxy nexus uses one massive partition for the entire device , its like saying that : system , data and sdcard are all together . mtp was selected for galaxy nexus because it allows the use of this large storage area , that from a system point of view , insures a better communication with files , provides a more secure file system and gives less trouble to maintain . why is not capable to go your way : there are no separated partitions in galaxy nexus , only one large storage area . even emulating a fat32 file system , one would still need to be able to translate between fat32 and ext4 at a low level . this is practically impossible . if the galaxy nexus had a partition , you could have block-level access and thus you could have mass storage access . long boring version : short background the mass storage class ( msc ) , commonly know as usb mass storage ( ums ) , that we are all used to use on or devices , is a protocol that allows a universal serial bus ( usb ) device to become accessible to a host computing device , to enable file transfers between the two . on the golden days , one just needed to plug in the phone , hit " usb mode " and start moving files , editing files , etc . . . media transfer protocol ( mtp ) things have changed a lot , when we talk of the new transfer method that is being used on your device , the media transfer protocol ( mtp ) : 1 introduction see page 15 zip bellow media transfer protocol , or mtp , is a protocol designed for content exchange with and command and control of transient storage devices . it was been developed as an extension to ptp , or picture transfer protocol , and is targeted primarily at digital still cameras , portable media players and cellular phones . while the introduction still leaves margin for doubt , this protocol was developed and implemented with a very specific purpose : to facilitate the transfer of media files and associated metadata between devices : 1.1 purpose see page 15 zip bellow the primary purpose of this protocol is to facilitate communication between media devices that have transient connectivity and significant storage capacity . this includes the exchange of binary objects and the enumeration of the contents of that connected device . file types supported ? at this point we already know that this is for media files and media based devices , but one question that i have seen on the comments remains : can we copy files other then media files ( audio/video ) ? yes we can : 1.3 mtp object model see page 15 zip bellow the term " media " in " media transfer protocol " is used to identify any binary data , and is not restricted to audio/video formats to which it is commonly applied . some examples of non-audio/video objects include contacts , programs , scheduled events and text files . what about " live edit " ? your question specially concerns the usage of your device ( galaxy nexus ) as an external usb storage drive . why it can not be done ? the mtp protocol limits data to a unidirectional operation , also latter explained that the device storage is used by the computer as a local file : 4.2 unidirectional data flow see page 29 zip bellow the data flow in mtp is always unidirectional . when initiating an operation , data flows only from the initiator to the responder . when responding to the requested operation , the data flows only from the responder to the initiator . during the binary data-exchange phase , data may flow from the responder to the initiator or from the initiator to the responder , but never both . bi-directional , binary data exchange must be performed by multiple operations . advantages vs drawbacks advantages the mtp does carry some advantages with it , mainly concerning the security and integrity of the user data : when a usb host computer has mounted an msc partition , it assumes absolute control of the storage , allowing for example , the file system to get corrupted or reformat to an unsupported type . meanwhile , the mtp overcomes this by making the unit of managed storage a local file that can either be written or read . drawbacks the mtp is not treated as a traditional removable drive , so , no recovery tools can be used to save the day . the support is still underway , some operating systems stile require third-party software . mtp standards ( as mentioned earlier ) do not allow for direct modification of objects . instead , modified objects must be reuploaded in their entirety . references : i hope this clarifies as to why mtp is good ( improvement ) , but otoh bad ( user will have to change habits ) . here 's the reading material used to synthesize the answer : usb . org :: media transfer protocol v . 1.1 spec and mtp v . 1.1 adopters agreement . zip with pdf files wikipedia :: media transfer protocol android central :: mtp - what is it , why use it , and how to set it up microsoft :: media transfer protocol enhanced specification microsoft :: media transfer protocol implementation details the above answer is credited to the contents and authors of this reference links .
the drivers that come with pdanet may work . give it a shot
try installing the microsoft user-mode driver framework ( http://support.microsoft.com/kb/2685813 ) . it will require a restart . worked for me , nexus 5 , windows 7 sp1 . i tried the google usb driver ( http://developer.android.com/sdk/win-usb.html ) but it did not fix the issue for me . the microsoft user-mode driver framework , however , did .
finally it works , i am using the google usb driver . the problem is that i have to keep killing adb . exe before doing anything really ( e . g . building and pushing an apk to the phone ) , otherwise it can not find the device .
1 ) copy the .obf file to your osmand folder , for instance /sdcard/osmand . 2 ) in osmand , enable the " poi > any " layer . 3 ) sometimes it does not work immediately , in such case restart your phone ( there might be faster methods but at least restarting works )
i ended up doing this : transform the data from . csv to . osm download and run osmandmapcreator in osmandmapcreator , let only " build poi index " checked , then click file > build . obf from osm file . . . select the . osm file distribute the resulting . obf file . users can easily use it with osmand .
just a guess , but worth trying : i did the same with locus maps . i created a kml , which imported fine , and could be used as layer there ( locus even supports kmz containing images and more , so you could use that for a " self-made travel guide" ) . the article using kml files on the same site suggests at least the kml part should work with osmand as well , so i considered placing this as answer ( instead of making it a comment ) . this article even explicitly mentions pois – which probably is the reason your linked article contained that few details : you may use any format containing your pois , if you are able to convert it to osm format . and all points inside the kml file are converted into osm points , assigning them some properties like tourism category and museum type . note the categories mentioned here match those on your linked article .
there only way to get into your phone is to wipe all downloaded applications but keep all data on your internal sd card . this can be done by switching off the phone . then hold the volume up button and press the switch on button . select to delete all user data . do not worry as this will not delete data on your internal sd card . select reboot . the proccess of selecting is done by volume buttons . you confirm using the menu button . if backed your apps with es file explorer you can have them back without any internet connection . select the back app file in my files and install all your apps back again without any internet connection .
i solved this by reinstalling the store update ( i.e. . switching it back to the basic market app and let it update again )
i noticed that you said you tried clearing the cache and data for the google play store app , and the target app 's cache . can you try to uninstall the application and install it from scratch ? that might help .
the galaxy grand neo from my reading does not support usb otg . you could just stream videos onto your phone from your pc / desktop , and there are plenty of apps to do that . there is some great further reading in this question " how can i determine if my device has usb host mode and usb otg support . "
i got this : ) . everything was working normally , but only the system default packages were deleted . i used lg mobile support tool and update it again , which brings the phone default rom to its original state . thanks for the reply .
there are several approaches possible . some devices already ship with some kind of power management , which just needs to be enabled ( check in settings ) . apart from that , specific power management apps are available in the playstore . e.g. battery life saver can be configured to take actions on " battery low " , like switching off wifi , bt , and others ( not sure if a power-off is included here as well ) . big battery promises to allow a shutdown at battery-low in its donate version . and then there is always tasker to do things like shutting down the device at 20% , or shutting off wifi etc . at 30% , and so on . as a free alternative , automateit can do the same . but i am afraid in both cases , this will require a rooted device .
i would probably try something like tubemate . it does not do exactly what you want it to ( cache the videos ) , but it allows you to click to download , and saves them in an easy to access location within the app . you could think of it as manually caching them ; )
playtube is a software which does the thing you want
google 's youtube app has an option to preload videos that are either in a channel you are subscribed to or that are in your " watch later " list . i have not tested this but i think it will keep a video that you have preloaded cached for a while after you watched it for the first time .
i would think , that videos are not cached because of memory constraints on mobile devices . software developers have to design and implement software that works for the great majority of users . perhaps adding an intelligent ( device agnostic ) cache function is not on the top of functionality they want to implement right now .
this link is a discussion of this issue on the android open handset alliance project site . users on this page talk about the problem in detail and discuss some possible solutions . i would recommend you star this issue . if the enhancement is implemented or there is a status change you will be notified and can try again on your phone .
use one of those : <code> cat /proc/mounts mount # free disk space of mounted fs ' df # this shows you available devices cat /proc/partitions </code> ps : lines containing asec are moved-to-sdcard apps ( it is each an encrypted volume per app for security reasons )
have you tried to use 0000 for both ? it is the most commonly-used password for devices that does not ask for password , or also set as the default passwird .
i have thought about this as well for my senior parents . there are really only two options : replace the stock launcher with something like big launcher ( $10 ) or large launcher senior ( free ) . the downside to these is that they feel more childish , and some older tech-savvy users might not appreciate that . increase the font size that android displays text in . some versions of android already have an option under Settings &gt; Accessibility &gt; Large Text ( sidenote : magnification gestures may also be helpful to some senior users who can remember them ) . additionally , big font ( free ) offers more granular control over font sizes . pair that with a third-party launcher , like apex and holo launcher which allow you to change the icon sizes on both the home screen ( s ) and the app drawer . another nice thing is that you can hide apps with these launchers too , so you could hide apps that might not be helpful for the user to see every time they search the drawer .
when my mother first switched to a smart phone i made her a customized launcher with lightning launcher . its free and has tons of customizations . downfall is that it might take a bit to learn all the features but once you learn its really incredible . you can change icon size , text size , icon rotation , and even set it up with massive fonts so putting on glasses to use the phone is not always required
what i ended up doing was selecting the " upload all " option under the google+ settings for instant upload . this uploaded some photos that had not already been uploaded and seems to have kick-started the process .
in Settings-&gt;Accounts and Sync-&gt;Your Google Account make sure google photos is selected this is in Settings-&gt;Google in 4 . x . edit : i just checked , and reinstalling the google+ all fixed this . uninstall the app , then install it again . you then need to go into the settings menu and enable instant upload .
have you tried using an alternative sms app ? handcent is very popular . it has always notified me of a new sms even with the message still open . edit : if you do not want to switch sms apps , you can also use sms popup .
to answer your original question : yes , almost all popular android phones have community mods ( cyanogenmod , samdroid , etc ) and many of them are writing drivers for froyo for many popular phones . community mods are often able to release drivers and updates much faster than operators can since they are unbriddled by the red tapes and the internal politics of official releases . most community mods are rooted , although some may release unrooted version as well .
looking at your profile it looks like you are based in the uk ? if so you should have no problem running the samsung 's european jpo release of the galaxy s froyo software that went out to unbranded uk galaxy s 's a few weeks ago . as this is an official samsung release there is no need to root to apply it , you just need to trick samsung 's software into installing it for you . to start with i will make the assumption that you have no problems running the kies software , that it recognizes your phone when you plug it in , and that you get a " you are already running the latest release " message when you click the firmware upgrade link . ( this is a big set of assumptions given the quality of kies , if any of these are not true , then you need to get kies working properly before going further ) . this post on vodafone uk 's galaxy s forums lays out the steps samsung galaxy s - froyo update ( android 2.2 ) ( reply 113 ) . i will summarise them below as vodafone are about to upgrade their forums to new software , so i have no idea if the post will survive , or the link will still work in a week or two 's time , credit to " ado28" for these instructions . first of all you need to go into regedit and do some minor alterations to the registry . do not update kies ! if you do then i think this tweak won’t work ! the kies version i used was 1.5.0.10024_74 but i fooled it into thinking it was the latest version step by step guide back up everything you wish to keep , including apps , phone numbers , text messages etc because we are going to wipe your phone clean before we start ! go to settings – privacy – factory data reset and click . follow the prompts and then let it wipe your phone . now you have a bare naked phone again and can proceed onto the next step . open up kies and leave running connect phone open regedit by clicking on start – run – then type in regedit and press enter scroll down to kies and look for “Localver” see pic change your localver code to 1.5.3.10103.100 now go to your device db folder and change your settings to these : " SoftwareRevision"="I9000XXJF3/I9000OXAJF3/I9000XXJF3/I9000XXJF3" " ProductCode"="GT-I9000HKDXEU" " HIDSWVER"="I9000XXJF3/I9000OXAJF3/I9000XXJF3/I9000XXJF3" " DEVCONINFO"="" delete the writing in this box and leave blank . now go back into kies and click " update firmware " this will now allow everyone who has jpa on their handset with the product code xee to be replaced with jpo and the product code xeu which is for the uk . once you have successfully updated then allow the phone to boot up . once booted up you will now need to go back into your settings and change your product code to xeu . to do this open your keypad and type in *#272*YOUR IMEI# and now you will be back to having a lovely wee choice of product codes to enter . choose XEU and install . the phone will reboot and you will now officially be on jpo with the correct product code xeu ! please note that by doing any update on your phone could cause it to brick itself . the guide i have written worked perfect for me however i can’t be held responsible if your phone bricks itself . to be safe always try the 3 button recovery method first before you update and also doing a factory reset first usually ensures a smooth installation of new firmware . extra note on kies : as stated above , this does not work with the latest version of kies . if you need an older version of kies then this version should allow you to do this ( according to xda ) : kies version 1.5.3.10093_82 . if you do end up uninstalling and reinstalling kies and find that it does not detect your phone any more , then first thing to try is clicking the menu icon in the top-left corner of kies and selecting the " install drivers " option .
kies did not play nicely but i did find this tutorial from goots at samsung galaxy s forums . i am now running froyo .
astro file manager ( like es file explorer ) also has support for dropbox and allows you to download folders . for a dedicated app , there is folder downloader for dropbox which works just with your dropbox account .
( i do not use the dropbox app on android ; does it not keep local copies ? ) dropsync keeps specified android folders synced with specified dropbox folders . no need to export ; it is ( almost ) always there . ' almost ' as in : the changes i make on android get uploaded right away ; changes made to dropbox files by some other device get downloaded at the next scheduled ( or manually initiated ) sync . the only time i ever need to think about it is when i have two devices open and i am working with both of them .
es file explorer has support for several cloud storage providers . it allows to " copy " folders from your dropbox folder to your sd-card etc in a similar fashion as you would copy files locally . the " network " tab allows you to add an account .
i think you will find that is normal . i wondered about it at first too . . if you lock your phone by pressing the power button , your phone is locked , but not secure . because you have only just been using your phone , if you unlock it immediately by re-pressing the power button and pulling down the clock , you will not have to enter your pincode or pattern , because it is highly unlikely to have been stolen in the past 30 seconds . however if you lock your phone via the power button ( or if it times out by itself ) and then you leave it for a few minutes then the next time you drag down the clock to unlock it , you will also have to enter your pincode or pattern , to verify that it is you . if you want your phone to ask for your pincode every time , straight away , go to : " settings " > " security " > " lock phone after " > and select , " immediately " . i have mine set to 3 minutes for convenience . hope this helps . .
i am afraid that the native facebook app is very limited in functionality . while it has improved ( quite a bit ) from its initial launch , there are still a lot of things you can not do in the app . you may be able to do what you need from the mobile-optimized website (http://m.facebook.com) but most likely you are going to need to hop over to your desktop and use the full website in your desktop browser .
i actually had the exact same issue when trying to set up users on a no brand tablet . my tablet was rooted out of the box , so i installed xposed and then the module multiple users for phone . even though the title says it is for phones , it works flawlessly on my tablet . it adds the option Users to your settings page . info about xposed from the installer page : xposed is a framework for modules that can change the behavior of the system and apps without touching any apks . that is great because it means that modules can work for different versions and even roms without any changes ( as long as the original code was not changed too much ) . it is also easy to undo . as all changes are done in the memory , you just need to deactivate the module and reboot to get your original system back . there are many other advantages , but here is just one more : multiple modules can do changes to the same part of the system or app . with modified apks , you to decide for one . no way to combine them , unless the author builds multiple apks with different combinations . if you want clearer instructions on how to install , comment and i will edit the question . i can not link to all the links because i do not have 10 reputation ( yet ) .
when you flash Gapps.zip ( or really any zip in recovery mode ) , the applications in it are usually written to the /system partition on the device . the difficulty is that the system partition is only mounted as ' writable ' when installing the gapps zip . after that , it is mounted as ' read-only ' , making it impossible to delete things on it . you basically have two options for deleting unwanted system applications : start over : reflash your rom , then flash a modified version of the gapps zip that has only the apks you require . you can remove apps from the gapps zip simply by unzipping it , deleting the apks you do not want , then zipping it up again . acquire root access , and remount the system partition as writable . you will need the android command line tools installed to do this , but it sounds like you already have . to mount the system partition as writable , do the following : adb shell su mount -o remount,rw /system  note : /system is only writable until the device is rebooted . you then need to delete the unwanted apks from /system/app . reboot , and you should see the offending apps gone from your launcher . please bear in mind , however , that some google apps depend on each other , and may not work properly if you delete those that they depend on . i think you will generally be ok if you only delete ' named ' applications ( e . g . hangouts . apk ) . others such as googlehome . apk are required by others .
easiest way to do it is with Titanium Backup application .
ftp client lan samba client cloud storage connects over 3g 4g edge or wi-fi https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.estrongs.android.pop
your pc / laptop needs to connect to your phone via bluetooth . in windows 7 , provided your phone supports the relevant bluetooth connections , you should be able to use your computer to listen to /speak with calls received on your phone . you need to pair your phone with your computer via bluetooth to enable this functionality . in windows 7 , click the bluetooth icon in the notification area ( system tray ) and choose your device .
googled for this and this page came up among the first results . . those still interested in the same issue , google for " soundabout " good luck
move the big application installed in the internal memory to sd card and clear cache . . with some appz like ccleaner for android . .
battery monitor widget or similar might report the current ( it depends on whether the battery controller reports it or not ) , though i am not finding any reports on whether it works on your device or not . still , can not hurt to try it . alternatively , a usb multimeter , like this one , would give you definite readings .
lucky boy ! when i did the root procedure on my galaxy s4 , i did not figure out that i was going to lost my warranty increasing the knox counter . . . infact almost any root procedure will do this . but , as i told you before , you are lucky because there is some new root-procedure that will not increase the knox counter . you can read further on this : http://www.theandroidsoul.com/universal-root-de-la-vega-script/ hope i have helped you ! luca
there are two events that will trigger the knox flag to change from 0x0 to 0x1 . unsigned recovery ( recovery . img ) is flashed unsigned kernel ( boot . img ) is flashed it is not the actual custom rom that trips knox when you get to flashing . it is the step before that , getting a custom recovery loaded in order to flash the rom itself . this is also why the de-la-vega root method works , because it flashes a prerooted stock system image to your device without touching the two partitions that do trip knox of modified .
okay since no one is willing to answer this question , i figured something out myself . here 's the key points : dlna : tcp level , http+soap interface based on upnp technology pull and push media contents remote control play/pause/seek miracast : transport layer protocol ap makes two device handshake , then two device communicate directly via wireless not only stream video/audio contents , but also mirro device screens from one to another .
i am not sure about how to do it automatically . but i know an easier ( than having to find files one-by-one and deleting them yourself ) way you can do this manually . download this file finder app . it lets you search files with any pattern you provide . so in your case , you can search for *.trashes and it will show you all .trashes files from your phone . you can select all files and delete them at once . till the time you figure out how to to it automatically , i guess this should help you .
i wrote an app that removes it , called " trashes " . it can be found on xda .
yes , it is called the menu key
i found some great info on the phone 's buttons from at and t 's site too : motorola flipside tutorial closed view earpiece : lets you hear the caller and automated prompts . power/sleep : end a call / turn off the device / sleep mode . micro usb : charge the phone or connect to a pc . menu : press to access sub-menus with additional options for different features and applications . home : press to return to the home screen . microphone : captures audio . trackpad : use to select small items in the display , or control a game without blocking your view . just flick across the pad to scroll or move , and press the pad to select . back : press to return to the previous screen . search : press for text search ; press and hold for voice search . camera : use to take pictures and shoot videos . volume : use to adjust the volume . 3.5mm headset : allows you to plug in a headset with a 3.5mm connector . open view 13 . . shift : capitalizes letters during text entry . 14 . . alternate : inserts alternate characters . 15 . . menu : press to access sub-menus with additional options for different features and applications . 16 . . back : press to return to previous screen . 17 . . search : press for text search ; press and hold for voice search . 18 . . space : enters a space into text . 19 . . symbols : opens a table of symbols . 20 . . scroll/select : use to navigate up/down and right/left on the screen . 21 . . new line : start a new line ; sends message when text messaging . also known as the enter key . 22 . . delete : press to delete text .
it will not show if gapps are not installed on the tablet ( some more obscure brands do not come with gapps ) . if gapps are installed , then try and enter it incorrectly 20+ times . this will lock you out . you will only see the enter google details screen if the device has gapps ( google play , gmail etc ) .
well , to put this another way : for gingerbread , storage space weighs around 95mb , give or take , including google apps , source code 6.5gb , compilation taking up approx 14gb space . android 's storage space for ics , weighs around 160mb , give or take , including google apps , source code 9.5gb , compilation - takes up approx 20gb space . as to jb , have not yet built it , but source code is 12.5gb , compilation takes up around 25gb space , various official jb images hovers around 200mb mark . the above ball-park figures above , reflects from gb , ics and jb . as for the future versions of android , only time will tell how much more space will be taken up , it will increase , no doubt ! as for the final image build output , this would be dependent on handset , as rom developers/manufacturers love to add their own bits , hence the inclusion of the " give or take " in the above sentences , not to mention carrier bloat-ware so the mileage will vary .
now that the phone is released , i believe sparx 's answer is incorrect for part 1 . it has an 8 mp rear camera , and a 1.9 mp front facing camera .
no - one 3.15mp camera on the rear 3.15 mp , 2048x1536 pixels , autofocus , geo-tagging , face and smile detection , video- qvga@15fps . here 's a comparison of the galaxy 3 alongside images from its peers . yes , the default browser does indeed support multiple windows .
try booting into safe mode . it should set things right up . you could determine the problem much easier there . that will turn off all 3rd party services , leaving plain android behind . to goto safe mode , press the power button on your device . touch and hold the power off option in the dialog box . touch ok in the following dialog to start safe mode .
go into the app info by going into settings applications and finding your ted app or dragging it from the launcher to the app info button . disable and re-enable notifications with the " show notification " button .
yes , based on those posts you definitely have a 2 . x radio that does not require the modified kernel . your radio version is also listed as supported on the dangerspl page . i think you are good to go , best of luck !
a subscriber identity module commonly known as sim card has a storage for text ( sms ) messages and contacts only . settings ( i presume you are talking about access points and gprs/3g configuration - clarify it you mean something else ) about your phone are not stored , except the carrier related parameters like message service center number , value added services codes etc .
i know there are tons of ui differences between the nexus and samsung galaxy s4 . however , here 's what works for the s4 , in case it leads you in the right direction . from the google+ slide menu , go to " photos " and tap the desired photo . once open , tap the phone 's hardware menu button , then tap " set as . . . " --> " more " --> " contact photo " and select the desired contact . apologies if your nexus does not have the " set as . . . " menu option .
thats just by the help of google contacts , you cannot do anything on your own , however you can change contact info by yourself , like update the photo to user or contact ! however there is a way , every your contact on google , will be able to get their images in your contacts . but for that their must be some email , phone number , or atleast the name matching the name or other data at the google servers !
here are the steps i followed on my 4.2 nexus 7 . i assume there is an easier way , but these worked for me : open the google + app find an article whose image has the " there be photos here " icon superimposed on it -- it looks like a circle containing a square , and inside the square is a blob that is supposed to suggest a mountain range tap that article tap the photo in the background . this opens a new window whose header is " photos from posts " . tap the menu button in the upper right ( it looks like three tiny squares in a column . . . a bit like traffic lights ) . choose " download image " . go back to the home screen , and find the " downloads " app . open it . find the thing you just downloaded . tap it . now you are in the " gallery " app ; you should see the three-tiny-squares menu button in the upper-right again . tap that . choose " set picture as " . choose " contact photo " . scroll through your contacts until you find the one you want , then tap it . crop it , then click " ok " yikes ! an awful lot of steps .
if you did not explicitly configure your device to automatically use " open " and unprotected networks , it will only connect to those you explicitly tell it to -- so you need not worry about this . as for your "3g turning off " issue : that is very strange . something in your device still seems to think that , as soon as some wifi is near , you are going to use that . probably you can avoid this by turning wifi off . you need not do that manually everytime ( you might forget , and you might be annoyed when it is not on when you need it ) -- but rather let smart wifi manage this for you . this app remembers wifi networks you connected to . when you get disconnected , it will switch wifi off . as soon as it detects you get close to it ( it remembered the cell towers near , so this is it detects the area where you have been connected to some wifi ) , it switches wifi back on . it just could get weird with " mobile hotspots " , if you connect to another android device 's hotspot functionality in the middle of a desert , it would always turn wifi on at that place , even if nothing 's around . oh , well : no cell towers close ? so this will not happen : )
i to am using my phone as a 3g modem and sometimes this happens when i messed up some settings in the phone . i just clear the Settings data on my phone and it returns to normal . open Settings app go to Apps go to ALL tab find the Settings app open it and Clear Data try tethering again this usually fixes the wifi dropping while tethering issue on my xperia play if your internet keeps timing out while you are connected then it might be also a network issue , or your phone automatically disconnecting from the network due to inactivity . if you frequently take a break using the internet but like to keep the connection alive then i would recommend using a pinger
looks like it is a no . star this issue if you are interested in google adding the necessary framework for a hardware alarm : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=1942
each mobile phone has an unique unlock code . you can buy the unique unlock code for your sony ericsson xperia x10 mobile phone in unlocking4u , and follow their free instructions to get free from the locked network .
it does not look like there is any reliable way to unlock it without the unlock code . you should call the carrier and ask them to help you unlock it . most will give you the code if you are persistent enough , and apparently you can enter it by typing *#06# on the dialer .
you should try resetting defaults for your browser app from application manager . go to settings > application manager > click your browser app from app list (which ever browser u r using) > you are in app info now > clear defaults . this might help u .
go into Settings -&gt; Applications search for Youtube scroll to the Launch by default section tap on Clear defaults
it would be nice to tell us info about your device . i suppose all those problems are device specific ( or rom for specific device ) . my experiences with device samsung galaxy s2 and huawei g300 shows that there is not that much big difference between battery usage on 802.1x and wpa2-psk . ~ jiri
if you do not depend on a data connection , there may be some solutions around : the google playstore has a lot of automation apps to offer , which you can use to set up more than this . in your case , this would be a time-based scenario : from 11pm to 7am , disable wifi and mobile data no data connection => no new mail => no new mail notifications . apps capable of things like that include e.g. timeriffic ( free , and one of the top-apps in this section ) , llama ( also capable of location-based and other rules ) , and -- my favorite -- tasker . though the latter is not the cheapest one , it is the most flexible , and you can get a 7-day-trial at their homepage . for examples what else you can achieve with tasker , you might also want to take a look at <a href="stackexchange-url what is cell standby and how can i keep it from eating my battery ? , and the examples at the mentioned homepage . also , a google search on tasker profiles will list you a lot of goodies . to accomplish your goal using tasker , simply create the following profile : context : time ( fill in your " from " and " to " to define the time frame ) task : net-> mobile data : set off net-> wifi : set off that is all . say you defined it as described above ( 11pm to 7am ) , tasker would switch off wifi and mobile data at 11pm , and return to the previous state at 7am . more solutions can probably be found here : is it possible to only silence certain notifications ?
or one could use an alternate email client like k9 which has quiet hours feature built-in .
you could also find the file being used as the tone for email ( assuming it is unique to email ) and rename it to [ email_tone_name ] . bak for certain hours . then when your time period has elapsed , rename [ email_tone_name ] . bak to [ email_tone_name ] . you may actually need to have a silent tone file and rename [ silent_file_name ] to [ email_tone_name ] . it may be that it will pick some default if it can not find the one it is set to use .
both works the same way . while the usual adblockers block all ad-related servers/ips , you can do the same for selected ones . provided your device is rooted , you can block their specific ips via your hosts file . just add the server name one per line , and send it to an " invalid " url such as e.g. 0.0.0.0 . an example entry would look like : adserver.myprovider.com 0.0.0.0  of course this would mean you have to figure out the url of the ads displayed . here apps like os monitor might prove helpful , as they show all open network connections : os monitor : open connections and whois information ( source : google play ) when such an ad is displayed , immediately open the connection tab in os monitor and check the list . the first screenshot 1 shows the app in charge is displayed along with the corresponding entry . the status column will most likely hold either *close_wait* , *last_ack* , or ( less likely ) established . tap the entry which seems fitting to get the whois information 2 . on that page you see the hostname right on top ( "dns" ) , which is what you then put into your /system/etc/hosts file as described above . do not forget to clear the app 's cache afterwards , as otherwise cached ads might still be displayed . continue until you caught them all : ) another solution is available for certain providers ( at least here in germany ) : opt-out of provider billing , either completely or for given companies . of course you still need to pay your contract ( that is not what is meant here ) , but you should no longer be automatically charged for ads etc . via your phone bill . which does not mean nobody might scare you with accuses of a subscription you " bought " -- but that would no longer work for those ads .
just get a free keyboard . apk and copy this to your sdcard . install it from there . to find a free keyboard apk file : just do a search on google : " free android keyboard apk " .
you just created a nice chicken-and-egg problem : to install a keyboard via the playstore , you need to configure your google account on the device first . to do that , you need a keyboard . note : never delete the ( last ) keyboard app from the system apps ; a factory-reset removes all user apps , so if there is no keyboard app as system app . . . here 's what you can do -- provided you have got some keyboard as .apk file : enable usb debugging on your device use adb install keyboard.apk to install the keyboard app if you do not have adb installed on your computer , either install the android sdk -- or see is there a minimal installation of adb ? for an " adb lite " variant .
hi you can use lightflow to setup how the led should act and in stamina mode remember to add lightflow umder apps active in standby mode . settings/powermanagement/stamina mode/+ add application you have many possibilities with lightflow . free version https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.rageconsulting.android.lightflowlite full version https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.rageconsulting.android.lightflow hope this is will help you .
this is a known bug in xperia z ( sources 1 and 2 ) . currently the only way to restore the led functionality is to : de-select Settings -&gt; Backup &amp; reset -&gt; Backup my data and Automatic restore perform a factory reset from Settings -&gt; Backup &amp; reset -&gt; Factory data reset complete the reset manually ( that is , without restoring apps/data from the google account ) hopefully this will be corrected in the next update .
other than being redundant and using more resources ( you would have two separate services running in the background all the time ) , you should not have any problems running both at the same time like any other application . i would see it as not much different than running locale and tasker at the same time . they might do very similar things , but they are not exactly the same .
a factory reset will not remove a custom rom unless the backup image in the custom rom is for a rom other than itself . this would be pretty unlikely . i think we had need to know your phone model and the rom you used to help you figure out why it did not write over the system apps . that is definitely not normal . normally virtually no trace of the old rom should be left .
on what os ? for linux try lsusb to see if something is listed that could match your phone . is the debug icon showing in the notification bar on the phone ?
make sure " usb debugging " option checked and your driver has been installed properly . you can try following step command : 1 . adb kill-server 2 . adb start-server 3 . adb devices hope this help .
since you are talking about tasker , have you seen this comment from their google play page : tasker integration : add a locale variable to your layout and set the variable name ( click it ) in tasker select plugins -> minimalistic text for an action click " edit " , a new activity starts enter the name of the variable and the text that should be displayed for this variable ( you can use tasker variables ) everything else is customizable . add a new row , and use the + button to select and add new elements by checking them .
after you create a widget , you will be able to customize its settings as you see in the flow below . in the 3rd image , the layout section is the 3rd tab ( or whatever it is called ) .
you probably need to enable or disable tls or ssl for the account .
this is a new feature as of android 4.2 . it serves two purposes : to focus your camera on what you click on long press it and you get a radial menu of different camera settings to change ( flash on/off , etc ) . this is the exact same behavior as if you clicked the icon in the top right corner of your screenshot .
here 's a version i developed that does it exactly like this - be aware there could be bugs in this , it may not work for cdma/evo as am in the eu using gsm ! it is a client/server based architecture . install to install the application , do the following : plug in cable into device adb install WifiTether3G-release.apk the gist of the app is this : server activate the wifi tethering , then : launch this app - wifitether3g hit menu tap on settings set the app to either be a client or server . if server , put in a name for the server - its a nickname , that can be anything you like . default is *wifitether3g_ap* . likewise , set up the port , to be anything over 1024 and less than 65536 ( why ? internet reserves ports from 0-1023 ! ) default is 1337 . . . : ) the above shall be for the server . client activate the wifi to connect to the wifi access point , then : launch this app - wifitether3g hit menu tap on settings un-check the box server in order to make the application behave as client . tap on start on the main application window , depending on which side is it - if it is server , it will run listening on the specified port . if the application is running as client , it will connect to the server , and periodically waits for the incoming data and notifies the notification pull-down bar . the message on the notification bar will be similar to " servernickname ' s 3g signal is " followed by the following : crap - 1 bar signal alright - 2 bar signal good - 3 bar signal excellent - 4 bar signal ( am not sure exactly how it would be for cdma/evo ) this will be followed by the date/time in square brackets for example , [ 05/09 19:33:01 ] edit : i am in the process of updating the code , there is a widget in place but needs a bit more spit and polish . . . stay tuned : ) update : i have updated the application , there is a widget now in place , if running as a client , long press on home screen , pick wifitether3g which takes up 1x1 space , the graphical image will change based on the signal . also , for the settings screen , notification can be switched off as you wish . i will be uploading it to google play store as a free app , shortly . ( linky updated ) version
no , 4.3 does not address that at all . you will still have to use the kernel that ziddey has posted on xda-developers . com .
your phone should be fine . android wont route phone calls through headphones though , iphone can be set to do so and uses the phones microphone . an option i use to attach standard headphone to my galaxy s is a simple bluetooth headphone adapter ( £10 from amazon ) , that way i get to use my headphones and make calls via them , plus you can keep you phone in your pocket when skating into town !
the built-in google voice commands can not ( at this time ) launch apps . however , a quick search on the market revealed a few possible alternatives . here are two : cyberon voice commander voice actions
it depends on your application . for example , the " listen to . . . " ties in with several music apps like spotify and mspot . so far there is no way to launch an arbitrary app through voice actions if the app does not support one of the voice action keywords .
you can use unlock code to unlock your lg optimus t which is the safe and easy way . you can get the unlock code from the service/network provider . but , mostly they will provide the unlock code if your phone if off contract . in that case you can get the unlock code from online vendors like mobileunlocksolutions . com for a price . they will give you the unlock code along with instruction on how to unlock .
simple solution for you . get your lg optimus unlocked by obtaining an unlock code so that you will be able to swap in your iphone sim card . just google for cheap lg sim/network unlock codes . be careful about sites that betrays you . you can also find some code vendors on ebay too .
i have this phone , and i have t-mobile . i called *611 and told them i was going to be traveling in europe and needed a sim unlock code . they agreed and it arrived about 12 hours later .
unfortunately it appears your only option is an unlock code , i have just done a search . this xda thread has a couple ways to get into the unlock screen so you can enter the code . your options for get the unlock code are to ask the carrier the phone is locked to -- they might give it to you if they are feeling nice -- or to buy it online . there are no reputable sellers of unlock codes online , of course , but you could search around and find someone whose experience seems reliable and use the same service that they did .
there is also notification plus . it is made for phones that do not have a notification led to inform the owner of pending ( unnoticed ) events . from the play store description : notification plus delivers recurring notifications via the phone 's vibrator or notification ringtone . this is especially useful for phones which lack a notification led , such as the nexus s and galaxy s variants . because there is no way for the application to receive all notifications in a uniform way , only certain events will trigger the recurring notification . those events include : - sms messages - gmail messages - missed calls this application is free software , licensed under the gnu gpl v3 . the source code can be found on the project home page : http://code.google.com/p/notification-plus/
you can try missedremainder . its free hate missing txt messages ? this will keep notifying of new unread text messages do you hate it when you are away from your phone or in a loud place and miss a text message ? this app will keep notifying you when you have a new unread text message so you do not miss it . it is customizable to notify as often or as long as you want . the default settings will notify you every 5 minutes .
how long are you waiting ? sometimes it can take a really long time to load . what you will probably have to end up doing : turn off your phone , then start up in safe mode by pressing and holding the big black dpad key plus the power button . keep pressing them until you see " safe mode " on the screen . uninstall any apps you have installed since your last restart . if you are rooted , do a nandroid backup first .
connect to kies in this mode as shown in your photograph . follow instructions for emergency firmware recovery . it worked for me .
the below assumes you have the gt-i9000 ( international galaxy s ) . go to this xda thread and download the newest 2.2 firmware for your region . download odin for windows ( search for " heimdall " if you are on linux ) . then do the following : put your phone into download mode remove the battery hold volumedown plus the home key plus power . while holding , reinsert the battery . release the power button , still holding the others , about 1 second after the white " gt-i9000" text appears . after a few seconds a yellow triangle with an android in it should appear , this is download mode . if it does not , try this again while holding power the whole time . start up odin . attach the phone to your pc via usb so that odin recognizes it . load the . zip file you downloaded ( the rom/firmware ) into the pda field of odin . load the 512 . pit file into the pit field of odin . check " re-partition " . hit start . odin will tell you when it is done ; if it fails , reboot your phone and try again . ( this happens occasionally ) . note that you do this at your own risk ; odin is very powerful and misusing it can damage your phone . i have used it dozens of times myself safely .
quick answer volume control is managed system wide . the android os does not support independent control per application , only per stream type . technical the audiomanager class only provides developers a way to adjust the audio volume per stream type , not per application running . this means that when setting the volume for a specific stream , will affect the entire system . currently available streams : stream_alarm - the audio stream for alarms . stream_dtmf - the audio stream for dtmf tones . stream_music - the audio stream for music playback . stream_notification - the audio stream for notifications . stream_ring - the audio stream for the phone ring . stream_system - the audio stream for system sounds . stream_voice_call - the audio stream for phone calls . most of this screams exists since the api level 1 , and continue to act the same way on the current api level 16 .
my sprint store assistant manager loaded mp3 ringtone maker from google play . he used that for the sms text notification sound . i am delighted since i now can hear when a text massage comes in . the result can be volume adjusted . sadly google reader and google gmail are almost whisper quiet despite his efforts .
dr ketan has an excellent thread on this topic at the forums at xda-developers . i would consider this the definitive guide on how to safely root your note .
cwm is not supporting roms and recovery images for the galaxy note yet . it is mistaken with galaxy sii and other models . if you are rooting your phone , do not use the cwm . zip file or you will brick it . i have done it myself without knowing and now i cannot install roms or ever restore factory settings : (
if you have your phone linked to your google account , your contacts are , by default , saved to your google account , and you can access them through gmail . even better , if you get a new phone and link it to the same account , it'll have all your contacts again . if it is linked and your phone is turned on you can find it is location through google 's device manager or remotely wipe your phone . keep in mind that if it is linked and they manage to get in somehow , they will be able to access your google account as well , so if you do not intend to locate the device you should unlink your device from your google account , blocking their access to your account . unfortunately , if your device is not linked , or you chose to save contacts locally instead of the default location , there is no way of getting your contacts back , unless your manufacturer offers a way for it and you have enabled it . i believe htc has something for it if you link your htc account .
one approach would be to find a vnc-like server for the phone . using that they should be able to bring up the ui of the phone onto a computer .
yeah ! i have it as a java file . saved the code below as the following file format ' androidscreencast . jnlp ' hope this helps !
summed up from the comments : this was a known issue with google play , which meanwhile is resolved ( read more on this google support page , opening the " fixed/resolved " item , and there you see [#8849329] Falsely received error: "You already own this item" , together with more details ) .
check out screenshot ultimate . what i would do is enable the folder listener trigger , and make sure the settings points to the correct screenshot folder . after this is enabled , i would take a screenshot normally . then , the app will ask me what to do with it . i would click edit , and crop it .
try to install xperia ray patch from http://www.androidizer.com/update-sony-xperia-ray-to-jelly-bean-4-1-2-latest-rom-version-8-0/ after doing it , flash boot . img . i recomend this nightly cyanogenmod 11 for xperia ray : http://legacyxperia.basketbuild.com/index.php?dir=main/urushi/cm-11.0/nightlies/
the reason for the error is , you have downloaded the wrong package . the downloaded package is not compatible for ray . to download the original package and detailed installation tutorial , read my article given below : how to install kitkat 4.4.2 on sony xperia ray hope this helps .
it is quite possible that the lcd backlight has died . this would indicate a hardware fault . but before we jump to conclusions , make sure you do not have a screen filter like ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.haxor ) active . factory reset it and see if the problem persists .
the naming convention is derived from the java standards , and is comparable to an url , but in reverse . the key here is that it has to be unique , that is why it is so specific . in you example , com is the main category which is comparable to a top level domain , which can also be com . next is the company name king , which can be compared to a domain name , and finally candycrushsaga , which could be a subdomain . since the names have to be unique , this naming schema is quite usual , but can sometimes be divided even further by adding a subproject name to the end . for example king could separate games from other apps they have created by using the name com.king.games.candycrushsaga . according to java standards , the first component has to be a valid top level domain ( com , net , edu , gov , country-specific ) , but i remember also seeing package names that did not respect the standard .
maybe you can remove manually using adb shell . adb remount adb shell adb su cd system cd app rm yourapkname.apk -> change to the apk you want to remove reboot
there is a free app named screebl , that will keep your phone on during a call . in fact , you will have to physically shut your phone off/place it in standy , after you install this app by tapping the on/off button on a samsung galaxy proclaim 2.3.6 gingerbread os .
plug in a headset . it is the only answer !
in gingerbread 2.3.6 , you can turn it off in call settings> additional settings then uncheck the " turn on proximity sensor " . here is a screenshot :
in gingerbread you can find it in advanced settings in the call settings : go to settings -> calls-> advanced . i am not sure where exactly but it is where you have the options of call waiting , etc .
there was no free option to fix this that i could find . there is a lot of junk on the play store , and it was kinda hard to find , but seems looking for " speed dial " in the play store was the key words i needed . i found and tried several apps , none of which were very good . i finally settled on this app : speed dial widget contact+ . it is the closest i have found to what i am asking above .
try the contact widget . true one touch . uses contact picture , and allows you to select which number to direct dial or message ( text ) . also allows you to customize the label , i.e. , " text " , " call " , or the contact 's name ( if you forget what they look like ) ( ish ) . works in go launcher for my samsung galaxy s3 , just like direct dial/message widget in touchwiz home . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=br.livroandroid.widget.contatoshl=en hope it helps .
sounds like the widget you are missing from your atrix was part of the motorola skin laid over android on that device . my galaxy nexus ( 4.1 ) has the same kinds of contact widgets that you are seeing on your sgsiii , and i agree with you that having the direct call and direct dial contact widgets next to each other is less than ideal . have you tried a dedicated contact widget ? something like the go contact widget might meet your needs . you might even be able to accomplish what you want using a tasker widget , although that might be a little overkill . alternatively , instead of choosing the direct call or direct dial widget , why not use a plain contact widget ? this places a nice picture of the contact on your screen which , when pressed , presents the contact overlay from which you can call , message , or otherwise contact your contact . this overlay , to me , is much better than two separate widgets ( though it puts you one extra tap away from the action ) . mine looks like this . contact widget : expanded contact card/overlay :
the ssh server does not set all the necessary environment variables so it is easier to use a shell script . when successful : # rescan-media Broadcasting: Intent { act=android.intent.action.MEDIA_MOUNTED dat=file:///mnt/sdcard } Broadcast completed: result=0  this works on cyanogenmod 9.1 . depending on your system the environment may be slightly different . note : in later versions of cyanogenmod / android the sd card may be mounted at /storage/sdcard0 . make sure you know where your card is mounted or this will never work . diskinfo may help here . thanks to dan hulme for pushing me in the right direction . references : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/content/intent.html http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1752749 http://intwoplacesatonce.com/ http://kennystechtalk.blogspot.co.uk/2013/08/start-android-media-scanner-from.html
on my gs3 i looked under running apps and selected show cashed processes on clicking on one of them it gives the following description Old application process kept for better speed in case it is needed again  i can only assume from this that cache is storing certain data when an app is first ran , so by deleting the data the app will run from new each time
cache :-its a temporary storage file used by websites as well as the applications to store some data on your device . cache memory contains references ( where to store the settings i.e. in which folder it should load or store the source file ) , thumbnails ( images to be displayed in the application ) etc . advantages of cache:- 1 . once you have already loaded the application then your application loads exceptionally fast when compared to the first time load . ( apps like browser will load your websites much faster as they are stored in your cache ) 2 . instead of the application loading the wallpaper from the source ( phone memory ) every time you load the application it will create a buffer memory from which it can directly load the wallpaper saving the processor of the phone from doing this task . disadvantages:- 1 . the website takes some time to load the requested page as there is no buffer memory . this is not much big disadvantage as for the second time the page will load fast . 2 . although your pages are loading fast or the application is responding faster there is limited storage space which the cache memory can store . once it get 's filled / is nearing to then other application/same application will get slow as there is no space for the application to operate .
any program that needs adobe air will have a check in it is code when it first runs to see if adobe air is installed . therefore if you uninstall adobe air then open an app that needs it , it will notify you to download it . so uninstalling adobe air is fine .
you do not mention what version of the app you are using or which os version , but this is how i do it on my galaxy nexus with android 4.0 . open gmail app open the overflow menu ( three vertical dots ) and choose Settings tap the email account you want to use under " data usage " tap " manage labels " you will see your labels there , including " pseudo-labels " like " starred " and " important " tap the label for which you want notifications ( in your case , " important" ) if not already on , turn on Sync messages ( either last 30 days or all ) tap the checkbox for Email notifications choose your options ( ringtone , whether to vibrate or not , whether to notify once or not ) you can have different notifications per label per account , which is nice , but if you overdo it you will have way too many notifications in your notification bar .
i could not connect my s3 to kies and tried everything other users posted ( usb debugging , scanning pc for viruses , etc . . . ) and i stumbled upon the fix that solved my issue and i have now connected with kies and have full functionality with kies and no issues with my s3 . the fix : on the s3 device : pull down from top of home screen ( swipe from top of screen downward ) to the screen that shows ( across the top ) wi-fi , bluetooth , etc . . . check to see how the device is connected " connected as a media device " should be shown . mine said " connected as a camera " and i changed that to " connected as a media device " and instantly connected to kies . hope this helps !
i realised that the problem lies with a mtp device driver which was not properly installed . all i had to do was delete all the drivers , including samsung kies , and reinstall everything again . one of the other thing i did before the issue appeared , was installing sgs3 easy ums . because i switched my phone from mtp to ums mode , that prevented my laptop from detecting the phone . switching it back to mtp , and reinstalling the above applications did help . however , i would continue to encounter connectivity issues every now and then . for instance , after i plugged my phone into my laptop via usb , and switch to syncing using kies air , i would encounter an error message that says my usb is plugged in . this could be easily resolved by restarting my phone . i can only conclude that samsung kies developer probably did not do a good job handling socket connections , resulting in the error above .
i had the same problem after rooting my s3 . the solution is easy : just unroot your phone and like magic your old driver will work correctly .
sounds like you need to clean up your internal memory first before you can do anything . there is three ways i can suggest to free some up : clean out your app caches to free up space ( browsers and maps are usually the worst offenders ) : you can use an app like sd maid ( it is tiny , you should be able to install it ) or by going into the application management section ( Settings-&gt;Applications-&gt;Manage Applications-&gt;All , then click on an app name ) and manually clearing out app data for hogs like google maps and the like using the Clear cache button ( note : do not clear the app data ! just the cache ) . uninstall some apps , then reinstall them after you have moved other apps to the sd card . root your phone and uninstall bloatware / system apps you do not use with an app like titanium backup ( make sure you back up the apps first in case you need them later ) . note : this will keep your phone from being able to install carrier android updates in the future . android is usually pretty good about auto-installing apps to non-system storage when possible . does your version have an option to prefer installing to sd set ?
the official duckduckgo app has its own search widget that can replace android 's built-in google search widget . have you tried that ?
my issue was resolved by upgrading google maps to v5.0 . for those troubleshooting this issue , also see this question ( which should probably be your first step ) : how do i set google latitude to auto-update with location regularly ?
while typing this question this was one of the links that the site provided me with : how do i disable the &#39 ; click&#39 ; sound on the camera app ? turns out a similar method can be used to disable the system " tick " sound in question as can the camera shutter sound . i deleted ( moved ) this file : /system/media/audio/ui/TW_Touch.ogg  and then rebooted my device , now i am free to navigate my phone in peace and quiet ! and i will not miss txt 's or calls because of my device being in silent . edit : upon doing a better job of looking in the settings i found that this option is actually present in Settings-&gt;Sound-&gt;Audible selection disabling it there is the preferred solution since it requires no root . ( do not know how i managed to miss this the 2 times i have looked )
this is now possible : https://support.skype.com/en/faq/fa12359/how-do-i-enable-or-disable-the-status-icon-in-skype-4-for-android-phones just tried it on my nexus 7 , works fine .
if it is not available from inside the app , you can always : long touch the notification touch " app info " untick show notification this should do the trick .
if your tablet does not provide a usb host port , you will need an usb otg adapter to connect your keyboard . there are many cheap usb otg adapters on ebay and other electronics shops .
not to say a root terminal , most of such methods are utilising adb ( android debugging bridge ) to push root-related files and binaries into your phone to get it " rooted " . sometimes , there are also methods where you are required to boot into recovery to " flash " zip packages that contains those files , but this method is mostly device specific .
one way to do this : run an ssh client on your phone , such as connectbot forward a local port to the remote irc server , say localhost port 1234 to irc.server.ip:6666 . ( directions for connectbot , with screenshots ) connect your irc client to localhost:1234 , instead of irc.server.ip:6666 . if this does not work , check that you have permissions . when your connection 's not working , you will have to do some extra debugging to check that the ssh tunnel is still up . but otherwise , you should be able to use any irc client .
just use ds super app2sd lite app , which gives you to system apps to your memory card and this app work in only rooted phone
looking at this cyanogenmod source code ( which , according to the file history , does not actually have any cyanogenmod-specific changes ) , i see that the initial dot in proxy bypass list elements is just ignored , and an initial wildcard is implied — that is , you can write either example.com or .example.com in the list , and this entry will match example.com , a.example.com , a.b.example.com ,  … ( note that any number of subdomain levels can be matched , unlike , e.g. , with *.example.com in an ssl certificate ) . if your phone does not actually work this way ( e . g . , you add example.com to the proxy bypass list , but www.example.com still goes through the proxy ) , either this code was modified by the phone vendor , or a particular app is using its own implementation of bypass list matching instead of the system-provided code .
if your bootloader is not unlocked already , you will need to unlock the bootloader in order to flash the clockworkmod recovery . unlocking the bootloader wipes the device . so as far as i know , that will not be an option for you . perhaps you have seen this toolkit to root the nexus . it looks promising , but i would bet it will not work without usb debugging / adb enabled . it may be worth a shot anyway . if it does not work , you will still be in the same boat . alternatively , you could just keep trying lock screen patterns . hopefully muscle memory will kick in . edit : to use the toolkit , you need to know your build number . see this thread for some info that might helph you figure out what your 's is . if you can not narrow it down enough , you might be able to use the Android *.*.* Any Build option for your carrier . since you mentioned jelly bean , we can assume the build will be 4.1.* this does not give you the exact one you need , but it will help some . based on the faqs for the toolkit , it looks like you should be able to use the Android *.*.* Any Build , but you must select the right version for your carrier . if you want more info on this , post your carrier and region ( us , korea , etc . ) and we can probably narrow things down a little more .
since the fbi cannot bypass the screen lock , i guess you will not . check out http://wired.com/threatlevel/2012/03/fbi-android-phone-lock
you can reset it very easily with just few steps . i have tested it myself . 1: enter wrong pattern 5 times and wait for 30 seconds . 2: select “next” and enter your g-mail account username and password or you can answer your security question as well . now just login in your g-mail account and when you authenticated to your g-mail account then the screen will unlock . make sure you use the same account that was used to activate the phone and double check the password by logging in to that google account in a browser .
normally after five unsuccessful attempts you will be prompted with forget password option . your google email and its password will be asked and upon successful verification you will be able to unlock . this will work even without internet connection . at least this certainly works in ginger bread loaded lg p500
voice chat programs uses an internet data stream . it is not up to the developer of the application . no matter which app you find it will be limited based on your phone service provider and the type of phone you have . take a look at this ( the protocols that are available via some services and phone types : ( taken from this thread , can i talk and use internet or other apps at the same time ) if you really want to know why and how this happens , without all the techie speak - - - - verizon 's 3g data and voice network is cdma , and only a device with svdo technology can use voice and data at the same time ( as opposed to the current standard evdo ) on cdma . the first device to do this was the htc thunderbolt . the galaxy s3 also has svdo , so you can surf and talk at the same time if you have verizon 3g service . the vzw iphone does not have svdo , so it can not do it . the iphone on att and tmobile can do this , as those two carriers do not use cdma - they use gsm , which can do voice and data already . i do not know why specifically , but just know that tmo and att are gsm and sprint and vzw are cdma . finally , any 4g lte enabled phone on verizon can do talk and data at the same time , as the data will run over the lte network and the voice runs over cdma . so , devices like the moto droid razr and other lte phones can do talk and data at the same time , but only if lte service is available . if in a 3g-only area , the droid razr can not do talk and surf together . make sense ? so if this is a needed feature you would have to shop for a specific phone provider and a specific phone that will allow you to use data service and phone service simultaneously . . . again , limited by the phone service and phone , not the app .
there are many things that can go wrong when messing around with the network settings , but the main ones to check are : that you have enabled Packet Data and is not Roaming on different network and that you have not set and exceeded your data limit . this can be both from your provider and also as a user defined setting .
avrcp is not supported in most players . mostly in the stock players and cm , s apollo , unfortunately the stock players are crap and unusable in terms of sound quality . double twist player has partial support , song title shows but not album title .
now playing just received support for avrcp , in case that helps .
amazon mp3 player apparently has implemented avrcp -- only app that streams info to my car stereo screen .
the feature uses bluetooth avrcp , the audio video remote control profile . it is used for controlling the app from the receiver ( e . g . play/pause buttons on a bt headset ) . avrcp level 1.3 is possible since ics and improved in jelly bean ; it allows all of 1.0 ( play , pause , next , . . . ) plus metadata information on the track itself ( artist , track name , etc . ) . it was also backported into cyanogenmod7.2 ( gingerbread ) . players themselves have to support avrcp 1.3 too , i guess . apollo might also support this . or just search for avrcp 1.3 in the store .
i cannot tell for sure what is causing this , but there are two things i can think of as a remedy : try booting into safe mode ( see android safe mode in galaxy s3 for details if you are unsure ) . if that is still possible , think whether you have installed any app just before your problem started -- and delete that app from within safe mode . reboot to leave safe mode and see whether your problem has been solved this way ( hopefully it has ! ) last resort : factory reset . this will delete all data and all the apps you have installed , and make your device " virgin " ( see hard-rest . com for details on how to do this ) . i suggest trying the safe mode part right away as it does no harm . if it solves your issue , you are done ; otherwise you might to wait a little more for alternative answers here before going for the factory reset -- maybe someone else has an additional remedy to offer .
i was facing the same problem for long time on my galaxy s3 , at last i figure it out by default android sms allow you to send same message to multiple people without converting it to mms . but when you select the option Group Messaging under the multimedia message (MMS) setting it now set group messaging only for mms try un-checking the option hope this will help ( am using default sms of android ) screenshot ( click to enlarge )
i found that too . group text was not checked to start with so i checked it then unchecked and now it is back to normal . thanks for your help
when i just saw my t-mobile bill for feb it became evident that since upgrading the os from version 4.1.2 to 4.3 when i send a ‘group’ text message it creates individual mms messages , one for each recipient . these are picked up by t-mobile and charged for at 25p each even though they are text only and i have an unlimited texts allowance . in addition , if somebody sent me a text message as one recipient of a group text message i do not know it is a part of a group text message but if i reply to the sender then a text message from me is created for each of the recipients . each of these is an mms message and so i get charged 25p for each reply message even though i don’t know it has happened . i rang samsung and said i am fed up with problems with os version 4.3 and asked for version 4.2.1 to be re-installed . they referred me to one of their samsung repair centres , the pocketphone shop in cheshunt , to re-install version 4.1.2 . however , when i rang them they said they are not able to this but if i bring my phone in they will investigate my problem . chris at the pocketphone shop did some investigation and then told me that if i go into text messages , settings and then scroll down to multimedia message ( mms ) settings there is a parameter ‘group messaging’ . if this is ticked , when sending group text messages individual mms messages are created . however , if this is unticked , group text messaging still works but the messages created are sms messages and not chargeable mms messages . well done to chris and i hope this adds additional assistance to the previous helpful messages in this forum .
there also seems to be a little green phone handset ( unlike the white full phone mentioned in my question ) , indicating they are in a call .
tinyportriat ( solid ) : the user is reading the conversation . small phone icon : this indicates that the user is using the hangouts app on a mobile device .
i believe the solid green means you are using hangouts and the person is online . the sms indicator means you are texting instead of using hangouts .
if you frequently need to send these mails to the same large groups of people , have you thought about using contact groups , so that you only need to add and remove that group from the to or cc fields , rather than constantly dealing with huge numbers of names ? creating the groups is easiest to do and manage in the web version of gmail ( which you can use from your tablet ) . see gmail help -> creating contact groups for more info on this .
i am not sure if it is the same on all devices , but if you long press on the letter e then you should see a pop-up that allows you to selected accented variations of the letter e .
as luke dunstan answers : but if i remember well , you do need to have froyo ( 2.2 ) installed . i do not think i had the accented characters when i had android 2.1 runnding on my galaxy s .
android 2.1 ( eclair ) plug in your phone pull the notification bar ; tap on " usb connected ( select to copy files to/from your computer ) " . tap " mount " . ubuntu should autoprompt you to browse the phone using file manager ( nautilus ) android 2.2 ( froyo ) ( and probably android 2.3 ) plug in your phone android should autoprompt you to enable usb mass storage . ubuntu should autoprompt you to browse the phone using file manager ( nautilus ) ( froyo image shamelessly taken from http://droidfreeapps.com/2010/05/usb-mass-storage-tweaks/ )
probably you have both google accounts ( yours and your father 's ) synched with your phone or you are running telegram with the same phone numbers .
did you try this app ? supports ethernet , usb or serial ( with serial-usb adapter ) . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=qsrtech.posprintdriver also , try this app from opera mobile store . if this app does not work with your printer , send printer profile to the app server . they might add support . http://apps.opera.com/en_in/usb_printer_driver_21_developer_edition.html
use the popular barcode scanner app , it gives you a " share via barcode " option in the " share " menu when viewing a contact .
you would need to compile a custom kernel that is capable of mounting loop devices , or find a custom kernel for that device that already has that feature built-in . after a bit of digging , i found this guide on my phone 's support forum . it is a bit dated , but the information is still relevant . it shows how to boot a debian . img file . unfortunately , it does not really detail exactly what is needed for loop support , just that loop support is needed . but it is definitely possible , as i have personally run this on my phone for a short amount of time .
try : mount -o loop /sdcard/myimage.img myimage . " myimage " is where you can view the contents afterward .
sounds like you are in a boot loop . if you are sure that you installed a rom that is supported on your device , go back in to the recovery and make sure you wipe the data and cache . if you reboot after doing so , and you still get the boot loop , then i would do as matthew read suggests and flash the stock rom back .
ok , i have jumped the gun here and asked a question without trying things out first . the solution is simple and very secure . first , you create a pkcs12 combo-key on the server that combines the server certificate , the client certificate and key with openssl pkcs12 -export -in android.cer -inkey android.key -certfile ca.crt -name android -out certs.p12 . during that you hafta issue a decrypt password . you are perfectly safe transferring that combo-key to the sd card . next , you import that in the android secure storage and then you can delete the pkcs12 key . after that , you are good to go , the keys are in a password protected vault and thus inaccessible to anyone else . it goes without saying that you need to protect your phone with a unlock password .
if you maintain the openvpn server , you can generate keys that require a password to be used . the technique is described at http://openvpn.net/index.php/open-source/documentation/howto.html#pki . scroll to the section titled generate certificates and keys for 3 clients . you will want to use the build-key-pass script to generate a password-protected key . this will prevent your key from being used maliciously if your phone falls into the wrong hands , though i am not entirely sure if cm 7 's openvpn implementation supports it . if you do not have the ability to use build-key-pass to generate and register your own keys , then there is really no practical way to ensure the safety of your key without full-device encryption .
if you are still paired to that media center , then unpair it and turn off you bluetooth visibility , this way media center will not be able to detect your bluetooth , but you will still be able to connect to other devices .
to delete a notebook , you will need to log in to the webapp . your notebooks will appear on the left side of the screen . moving your cursor over ( or tapping , on your device ) the notebook you wish to delete will show a triangle to click for a drop-list from which you can delete the notebook . edit : according to this link , you can not do it from the android app yet . http://discussion.evernote.com/topic/29175-helpdelete-notebook-on-android/
more of a status update than an answer : jelly bean 4.1.2 allows a landscape rotation on small screens . i previously had the same experience ( accidentally changed the rotation but could not reproduce it ) -- i received the system update yesterday and was pleasantly surprised after the reboot :- )
you could try emailing them to yourself or downloading them from somewhere ( dropbox public link or a web host of some sort ) . on most ( if not all ? ) devices you can just launch an . apk after it is been downloaded and it will open with the application installer . you had most likely also need to allow " unknown sources " for this to work , which should be found in the settings menu under Settings-&gt;Applications-&gt;Unknown sources .
have a look for towelroot tr . it might work on your device . it is just an apk you can install and start . it uses a kernel vulnerability . chances that it works are high if your firmware is older than june . to your issue : did you enable ( usb- ) debugging mode ? its in developper options . if you do not see them in your settings , go to aboutdevice and hit build number 5 times quickly . it enables a ( secret ) menu in your settings where you can enable adb . on some samsung devices you can change usb mode by typing *#0808# into your phone apk . without hitting the call button , a service menu opens up immediately . perhaps this works for your device too . did you try to do adb shell or adb devices from your commandline ? new devices now usually ask for an ok on the device screen before you can connect . disconnect and connect again , watch out for this popup . did you check the developper menu in settings ? there you can also flush the known pc 's and their settings . allowing the popup to sow up again after connecting .
i am not sure if this will work , but you could give it a try : if you have your device rooted , do a mount -o remount , rw /system , a backup of your /system/etc/bluetooth directory and start hacking around in there . there are devices listed in there to which your phone will connect automatic without user interaction . good luck !
i have had a similar problem with a rockchip device . short adb shell commands worked , but ones with multi-line output just disconnected randomly , sometimes before producing any output . on plugging the device in , the kernel syslogged the following : out of desperation i moved the device from a usb3 socket on my linux box to a usb2 socket , as follows and adb shell then worked perfectly . you will notice the warning bulk endpoint 0x81 has invalid maxpacket 64 . this means the rockchip device is not compliant with the usb standards . my guess is that the linux ehci-pci driver is more forgiving than the xhci_hcd driver . interestingly enough , i saw exactly the same behaviour on a mac laptop , when i plugged in the rockchip device . there , the kernel syslogged : and adb shell broke in exactly the same way . tl ; dr : plugging into a usb2 port instead of a usb3 port might solve the issue . good luck !
that is because the contact is synced to your contacts via online account ( facebook in this case ) . you are not allowed to edit that contact that is why there is no option of editing it . get it !
try going onto your wifi settings page . when your on the list of available connections there may be a button at the bottom of the screen titled " wifi direct " . . . that is how it is on my s3 anyway
actually there is not any option like that . its missing . there were lots of complaints about 4.0.4 update for live with walkman that Wifi Direct is missing . look at here . also look at this review of update . . : may be sony will fix it in next update .
google play is only for android apps . android apps do not work on the chromebook , which is why you only see the tablet listed in the play store . the chromebook is basically the chrome web browser wrapped in a keyboard and screen and that is it . you can check the chrome web store for an app for her bank , but even if there is one , it is likely just going to be a shortcut that loads the bank 's website . if there is not an app for it in the chrome web store , just bookmark it for her . and to answer the overall question , you can have as many android devices tied to the google account as you want and it is not a problem having a paid app on more than one device , as long as it is signed in to that google account .
you should be able to open a vcard file in any basic editor . i suggest using this app . some similar apps have helped me in the past and this one works fine on my phone . if you navigate using a file manager to open up the vcard either in a text editor or vcardio . it should display the contents .
essentially those are what we call " home " replacements . you have the stock android home , or htc 's custom sense home ( or [ insert manufacturer 's custom home here ] ) that come with your device . but you can go on the market and download another one like launcherpro or helixlauncher or adw launcher . usually people use these for additional features the stock home does not have , such as more screens , more icons on the screens or app drawer , or advanced memory management , special widgets , etc . ( launcherpro ) .
to replace htc sense completely you will have to root your phone and replace the rom completely . please see this post for more information : stackexchange-url if on the other hand you are looking at replacing your homescreen/launcher then there are plenty of options . launcherpro adw . launcher helixlauncher plenty more . . . i personally have launcherpro and have upgraded to the plus version . the plus version has 90% of the widgets sense ui has but is in my opinion far quicker , more stable and has way more features . nb : i do not believe any of these launchers allow you to utilise the widgets from sense ui . edit : just to answer your comment . launcherpro is an app you can download and install from the android market . once installed clicking the home button will prompt you to select which launcher you had like to use ( either launcherpro or sense ui ) . all you would do from there is check the " default " checkbox and select launcherpro .
a similar question on stack overflow says you can find this info through the api - android.net.TrafficStats , or /sys/class/net/statistics on pre-2.2 systems . this might help you , i hope . i wonder what happened to the widget that question 's poster was writing . . .
your carrier would keep track of how much you have downloaded over 3g . i highly , highly doubt they do enough logging to tell you where all of it came from though ( and if they did , they had probably make you pay to access the logs if they let you at all ) . there is no way to tell exactly what you have downloaded over wifi , apart from browser history for file downloads if you have never cleared the list . presumably you could modify android to log everything , but as far as i know it has not been done up till now .
this is only any use to you if your pc has an hdmi input , which is very unusual . you will only have such a thing if you deliberately bought video capture hardware and attached it to your pc . if you have such hardware , you should use the video capture software that came with it . trying to use camtasia to capture it would be like trying to use camtasia to capture from a webcam . in addition , depending on what adaptor you use , your video capture hardware may also need to support mhl ( the wire protocol used to send video data over the micro-usb and hdmi connectors ) . see my answer on how does mhl work ? for more details .
try adb shell ls -l /sys and check the output . most likely , access to the /sys/module directory has limited access . it does not matter that your device is rooted , when you are not using your root powers . to view the contents of " restircted directories": # open a shell adb shell # obtain root permission su - # now access your target ls -l /sys/module  when issuing the su - , you will have to approve a popup to confirm superuser access − at least on the first try . you then can tell your superuser/supersu app to remember your choice .
first , see my relevant answer over here in regards to " killing tasks " , especially the use of task killers . the only way to stop these background tasks is to either : turn off any sort of background notifications the app does ( check the settings for each app ) uninstall the app or if you are rooted , you could " freeze " it with titanium backup . beyond that , you are not going to be able to do much more . it is up to the programmer to decide when he needs to have a background task run , and a good programmer will let you have to turn these background tasks off ( usually it is caused by polling for notifications ) .
use advanced task killer ! awesome app .
do you have an app called gallery ? i have it in my list . i would say just drag that on your homescreen and you should be good to go .
download android usb driver ( https://dl-ssl.google.com/android/repository/usb_driver_r03-windows.zip ) and uncompress it in a local folder ( i.e. . c:\android_sdk\usb_driver ) edit ( or create and then edit if it does not already exist ) file in "%userprofile% . android\adb_usb . ini": echo 0x18d1 > "%userprofile% . android\adb_usb . ini " edit android_winusb . inf to match evm/beagle vendor and product ids : under [ google . ntx86 ] section add : ; ti evm %singleadbinterface% = usb_install , usb\vid_18d1 and pid_9018 %compositeadbinterface% = usb_install , usb\vid_18d1 and pid_9018 and mi_01 note : be careful to add it under google . ntx86 and not under google . ntamd64 unless your machine is amd 64 bits . if you skip this step you will not be able to later install the driver as windows will reject it . boot the board as normal and wait until shell prompt is available ( micro-b usb cable must be disconnected ) . connect micro-b usb cable between board and windows pc . if it is proceeding as planned , windows will tell you it found a new hardware asks you to install the driver . install driver that was downloaded as described in step 3 above : answer " no , not this time " to the question about running windows update to search for software . choose " install the hardware that i manually select from a list ( advanced ) " this is the 2nd option , then click " next " select " show all devices " , then click " next " you are going to see a grayed-out text box with " ( retrieving a list of all devices ) " , click the " have disk . . . " button browse " to your driver folder ( c:\android_sdk\usb_driver ) . it will be looking of a . inf file so select " android_winusb . inf " and click " open " then " ok " . it is the only file there so you should not go wrong . select " android adb interface " then click the " next " button . a warning will appear , answer " yes " but read the warning anyway . click the " close " when the wizard is completed . disconnect and reconnect micro-b usb cable from board ( probably reboot it as well ) . open command prompt and restart adb server just to make sure it is in a proper state : adb kill-server adb start-server list the attached devices with " adb devices " . it should show your board/device with a random number . type " adb shell " . you should see the "#" indicating it works . establish network connection assign an ip address to the usb ethernet adapter . the usb network gadget g_ether is named usb0 ( instead of eth0 or other network interface names ) . the normal set of ethernet configuration tools should work , such as ifconfig , netstat , and route . for example , the following commands will assign the network address 192.168.194.2 to the target . run this on the target : $ ifconfig usb0 192.168.194.2 netmask 255.255.255.224 up  on host machine , run the following commands to establish the connection to the target : $ sudo ifconfig usb0 192.168.194.1 netmask 255.255.255.224 up $ sudo route add 192.168.194.2 dev usb0  the target and the host machine should be connected , run ping command to test the same : establish adb connection on the host machine execute following commands to establish adb connection $ export ADBHOST=&lt;target's ip address&gt; $ adb kill-server $ adb start-server $ adb connect &lt;target_ip_address&gt;:5555  verify the connection by executing $ adb devices  if connected , device name should be listed as a " emulator " $ adb devices List of devices attached emulator-5554 device $ adb shell  adb over ethernet make sure ethernet port on board and host machine are connected to the network check ethernet configuration for the board if ethernet was not configured , configure ethernet of the board using ifconfig/netcfg as shown below . target #&gt; netcfg eth0 dhcp  configure the adb daemon to use an ethernet connection using setprop as shown below . target #&gt; setprop service.adb.tcp.port 5555  if network is configured successfully ( above steps ) then restart service adbd on the target , target #&gt; stop adbd target #&gt; start adbd  on the host machine use following commands to establish adb connection $&gt; export ADBHOST=&lt;target's ip address&gt; $&gt; adb kill-server $&gt; adb start-server $&gt; adb connect &lt;target_ip_address&gt;:5555  verify for device connectivity , by executing the following commands
if it works like older roms that used to support the " apps2sd " before the google implementation , then yes , you need to format your sd card outside of your phone , on a linux distribution . you can use like an ubuntu live cd if you do not have linux installed on a pc already . then you open up a partition tool , like gparted , and set up your partitions . iirc , the first partition must be ext2/3/4 in order for the device to use it like it is actually part of the internal memory . then you can partition the rest as fat32 . back before froyo , when the custom rom i used supported this , there was nothing else to do . just put in the sdcard , boot the device . it would pick up the partition and mount it automatically . as for miui , i do not know if it does that . i am actually surprised that they still support this . all rom devs i know have dropped support for it since google introduced the " built-in " method . i personally hate the built-in apps2sd . i dont feel that it works very well . while the ext2/3/4 method has the drawback of not really being able to remove your sdcard , it does still give you the ability to mount your fat32 partition , if you choose to , to your pc and still let the device have access to the ext partition .
yes , there are lots of apps like image shrink lite resize lite share image and many others , just search the market instead of sharing to twitter , just share to these apps , choose from a list of predefined sizes , and reshare to twitter . you can do this from any apps that can share images to any apps that can receive shared images .
it depends on what application you record your voice with . but maybe it save the voices in a folder which is hidden . ( the folders which have dots at the first of their names . )
this ended up being an extremely simple fix but took me a long time to do . open the hangouts app and go to settings select your google account scroll down and click ' sign out ' back in the main listing , click the sms dropdown click on your google account and that is it ! all my contact images showed up correctly and change when i change their photo via the contacts app .
i have looked a number of products and i have got to say touchdown by nitrodesk always comes out on top . i have just returned to android after a short spell with wp7 and fogot how much i relied on touchdown . my favourite is the fact it will read out emails , which is useful !
you do not need to remove default google account or factory reset to ditch double notifications . use any one of following methods which suits you best : from Settings ~> Accounts &amp; Sync , choose the default google account and turn off gmail sync . after that , you will receive notifications from k-9 mail , only . in some android versions , if you turn off all sync options listed under a google account , a sign out button is appeared . all you need is to tap it . go ahead to try it . if you are rooted , delete /data/system/accounts.db file and restart the system ( on jelly bean , its /data/system/users/0/accounts.db and the location can vary with android versions ) . next time , you will be asked to add google account again .
the easiest way probably is to turn the mechanism around : instead of letting windows do the sync , let the android device take care . from there , you should have full access at least to your sdcard ( internal as well as external ) . so all that is needed is a possibility for the android device to access your windows pc . on your windows pc , create a " share " ( i.e. . share a directory to the network ) on your android device , install an app like e.g. foldersync in foldersync , configure your " folder pairs": which directory on your android device should get synchronized with which directory on the windows share . you can sync manually , or in time intervals . you even can restrict it to wifi , so it would not eat your data plan ( i am not sure wether you can restrict it to a specific wifi network , so it would e.g. only sync at home -- but that is possible to do as well at least with some similar sync app ) .
the bad news is there is no obvious/direct way to get a drive letter assigned to an mtp device . the mtp protocol operates at the file level rather than the filesystem/fat cluster level , which is supposed to protect in some ways users from accidentally doing things that could be really destructive to their phone 's filesystem ( eg : reformat in a different format , corrupt the filesystem , making your phone appear to not work right when the sd card unmounts to remount on the pc , etc ) . . . so you are not going to have the level of detailed info about the filesystem necessary for a program like treesize to accurately display the usage of the drive . there are a number of different threads i found online about ways to make windows trick a mtp device into being treated as a mass storage device , but most of them appear to be false leads , or something that might ( or might not ) work on xp but is unlikely to work on a newer os like windows 7 . nothing i could replicate on my own machine . most of those hack solutions seem to rely on such things as tricking windows into using the mass storage device driver instead of the mtp driver . there do appear to be programs that attempt to sync over mtp mode as best they can ( ie : the apps can compare the files by size , but it can compare by date/location/filename . here 's one for mac : http://www.sync-mac.com/mtp-sync.html and one for pc : http://mobiletechpundit.blogspot.com/2012/02/syncing-mtp-devices-like-android-based.html ( puresync ) . another option is to look into apps that run on your phone that manages the syncing as izzy suggested . additionally , if your phone is an htc phone , it may come pre-installed with an application called htc sync which can sync files between the phone and pc . another less automated way to get copies of " everything on your phone " onto your pc would be to just use adb to backup your entire device filesystem regularly . not quite as nice as a direct sync app since restore using adb is all or nothing , however , if you have the right apps installed on your pc you can manually extract a specific file of interest from a specific backup archive ( presuming you remember your backup password ) .
as you have not given your android version , i shall give the steps i used for my device : open the messaging app . press your picture , or the standard picture . an overlay should appear at the top . click it , and select take picture or choose picture . crop picutre . restart the sms app . this video also shows it : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6hxulktke9e
i once tried to format my microsd card in my razr with a safestrapped rom . my phone rebooted and i ended up having to reinstall my rom . buy a microsd card reader and format with your pc . if you have a friend that has a digital camera , you could ask them to format it for you . you would need a microsd to sdcard converter tho .
this does not specifically exist , however there is the android backup system , which allows you to reinstall all the apps from the google server 's on the inital setup of the device . this will queue all the apps for install from google play . it comes on all android 2.2+ devices , however it is very temperamental . other than that , you could use a dedicated backup app such as titanium backup pro to regularly backup your apps , allowing you to restore them in one click should you need to . google play does not offer what you stated . ios offer 's this because they do not have permissions to show you ; )
actually if you slide to the right you get the next email . similarly if u slide to the left u go to the previous one
in the gmail client , you can go to the next or previous mail by swiping right or left . in the stock email client , there is an arrow on the menu bar .
you have to turn off " threaded view " in the email client . once this is done , the " menu " drop down will have a next and previous option . go to the email client and go to menu > settings > general settings > show threaded view . uncheck this and you are good to go .
a nice permanent way is shown in this xda post : it has the following advantages : permanent dns provided by dhcp are used , but with lower priority you do not need adb and vi . you can do it with root explorer .
you can change the dns settings in android , but you need to root your phone first : http://blog.varunkumar.me/2010/09/how-to-change-dns-server-on-android.html i do not believe there is a way to password protect the dns settings , but at least it would not be obvious for them to figure out how to change the settings . edit : of course , one thing you can do to at least protect your kids while they are in your home is to change the dns settings on your router . of course whenever they use your carrier 's data network , this will not help .
when on wifi you can manually set ip information , settings > wireless and networks > wi-fi settings > menu button > advanced . mind you it would be very easy for anyone to modify those settings . as far as when connected via cellular , i do not know of anyway to modify those dns settings as they come from the carrier and the carrier 's towers . i am pretty sure they do not want their users changing dns settings which could help them bypass certain restrictions they normally have in place . if it was feasible you would need to do some rooting and hacking of files . supposedly there are dns files that exist and can be modified , but i would not recommend going this route . /system/etc/dhcpcd/dhcpcd-hooks/20-dns . conf
turned out to be a hardware fault in this particular circumstance a faulty connection between the flex cable that connects the volume buttons and the motherboard . . . reseated the connector and ' safe mode ' was gone next time i restarted . found this by trial and error - do not know of any way to narrow down the cause with the help of software . so wish i had checked that connector before i went and wiped everything . . . doh !
i had the same problem . spent a night to fix it . first i thought it to be a software issue . . browsed and tried infinite fixes . i tried re seating flex cable that connects the volume buttons and the motherboard . i tries to factory reset through boot loader . thought of flashing a different rom . dint work out for me . here is what worked for me . open the back panel of the tablet . https://www.ifixit.com/guide/nexus+7+power+%26+volume+button+cable+replacement/9926 flip up the retaining flap on the ' power and volume button ribbon cable ' connecting to the mother board . do not pull out the cable now . be ready to pull out the cable . 3 . press the power button to switch on your tablet . 4 . the moment you see google logo , pull out ' power and volume button ribbon cable ' . this will disconnect volume down key , which forces the tablet into bootloader . 5 . now the tablet is on in normal mode . 6 . plug the ' power and volume button ribbon cable ' into its mother board socket . 7 . close the panel and enjoy using your tablet . be very careful with ' power and volume button ribbon cable ' . a slight twist or bend will short the connections inside the cable . p . s : after powering on , try not to switch off the tablet . the volume down key might malfunction again and your tablet might go back to boot loader . charge it before the battery dies out . in worst case , you will have to repeat the above steps again . messing with the power keys cable is not always a good idea :d the volume down key and power key combination lets you to go into boot loader . so when volume down key is malfunctioning , your tablet might go for a toss . this could be for various reasons , a . volume key is abused b . volume key cable is damaged c . mother board is unable to supply enough power to volume keys . d . volume keys socket in the mother board is damaged .
press the power button for 10 seconds and its going to reboot itself if you have not corrupted any system partitions . or try adb reboot bootloader and from there select the start button and press it with the power key .
this is a software issue and it is fixed in a more recent firmware version that can be downloaded from http://www.pantel.in/driverdownloads ( look for the is709c firmware download ) .
backup your data and perform a factory reset ( settings> privacy> factory data reset ) . then restore the data
the chipset in the g2/vision/desire z does not support ipv6 , even though the option appears in the os and t-mobile is ipv6 enabled .
go to Settings&gt;Applications&gt;Manage Applications , then find the gmail app in the ' all ' tab . click ' force stop ' and ' clear data ' . restart the app and see if the error occurs again .
as said in the comments it looks like your volume button could be broken . a good way to check if this is the case is to disable it . there are some great threads on how to do this so i will list a few here that you can check out . if the case is that the button is broken , let me know in a comment ( on this answer ) and i will help you out . threads : http://forums.androidcentral.com/lg-optimus-g-pro/284907-how-disable-side-volume-buttons.html http://androidforums.com/droid-support-troubleshooting/33602-disabling-volume-button.html http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2125810
you have to install the drivers and then install clockworkmod with help of x-parts from google play to enable the recovery menu
check you ' contacts ' setting : open you ' contact ' -> go to options -> ' contact to display ' . see what is checked , setting it to ' phone ' should bring you phone contacts .
i had the same issue and i solved it by updating to the latest sdk tools using android sdk manager . the problem is actually on your adb not on your phone .
try to switch the device into ptp mode ( under settings -> storage -> usb computer connection and manually select the connection mode . . . ) and connect to computer . let it install , switch back to usb mode and plug in again . update : xda tread
windows 7 to install the android usb driver on windows 7 for the first time : connect your android-powered device to your computer 's usb port . right-click on computer from your desktop or windows explorer , and select manage . select devices in the left pane . locate and expand other device in the right pane . right-click the device name ( such as nexus s ) and select update driver software . this will launch the hardware update wizard . select browse my computer for driver software and click next . click browse and locate the usb driver folder . ( the google usb driver is located in \extras\google\usb_driver . ) click next to install the driver .
try concepts like jtag . . . as far as i know , it is the only method to take a complete image of a non-rooted device . correct me if i am wrong
it is impossible to obtain block level access to a block device without root , since all of those files grant the write permission only to root . at least i have never seen it any other way and i doubt that the s3 is an exception here . it is not because it is technically impossible , the default permissions simply forbid it . a this is done for a pretty good reason : it would be a major security issue if this was possible : the normal user could get a dump of all the filesystem data .
i have noticed that it only worked when i have english us selected in the ( choose input method ) , all others did not work for me , i live in canada . english in canada did not work also having it set on automatic did not work either . thanks
have you downloaded the files for you language , that supports offline voice recognition ? under google now , hit the menu button at the bottom , select settings , select voice , then the option to download offline speech recognition . also , it could depend on what rom of jellybean you are running . some things work better than others in certain roms . . .
a few suggestions ( this is a shell so i am guessing you have basic shell commands ) one or all of these may work : first try : sh su then : bash su then : . /su if it has an extension give all the above commands a try with the extension of su also as a suggestion to see what commands are available just type : help [ edit ] since you mentioned not having root access try using the sudo command before su ( and the above commands if needed )
that is normal . some apps will not work if they are moved to the sd card , because of some dependencies with the internal storage . so , expect some of those apps to have disabled Move to SD card buttons .
the galaxy s duos have the same problem . to solve this , root your phone , and try moving the apps . if you have no success , then try a custom rom ( i would recommend cyanogenmod ) .
the samsung galaxy tab has 600 x 1024 pixels on it is 7 inch screen . so i am not sure that 854x480 is actually a cap ?
there is no " cap " on the resolution . in the froyo ( and gingerbread ) emulator , you can enter any screen dimensions you want , and there is no real problems with apps or anything ( unless they are doing something wrong . ) apps just probably do not take advantage of the extra pixels or different physical size . i think you are confusing " not supporting large screens " with " not optimized for large screens " honeycomb will allegedly make big screens look and feel awesome ; )
gingerbread is adding support for " extra hdpi " and " extra large screen " devices , but this primarily geared towards tablet devices than actual phones ( but who is to say that will not change ) . more information can be found here on the updated dev guide on supporting multiple screen sizes .
no there is no least possible way to call through the laptop ( either windows or mac ) even if your headset is connected or not . ( try the play store for any apps if possible ) you can only send messages through samsung kies air but not calling
voicemac makes calls and smses via google voice . you can choose one of a gv number - which you keep , so your friends and family can recognize it - or you can port your existing phone number into gv . the incoming caller id will show your gv number ( but no name ) . another option is to use skype and validate your cell# as your skype caller id .
all that depends on your device , which must support this as well . android itself does support this since 3.1-honeycomb – and i e.g. successfully use an external keyboard with my tablets , which is just plugged into the usb port . the keyword to look for is usb-on-the-go . we already have more than 60 posts on this topic , which you might wish to check ( or start with the 9 most frequented to easier get to the core points ) . if those leave open questions , feel free to ask those in separate posts : ) edit : as dan correctly points out in his comment , if your device has a full-sized usb port , there is no need for otg . see our usb-host-mode tag for that .
try google 's own ' finance ' app from the market . finance for android brings you streaming real-time quotes in this stock quote and portfolio application . it synchronizes with your google finance portfolios , allows quick access to charts and lets you view the latest market and company news
as @jasir says . your alarm will still work in airplane mode . be careful as there is another setting on your phone . clock > alarms > menu > settings > ' alarm in silent mode ' you will need this ticked if you put your phone in silent ( saving more battery ) and still want the alarm to go off !
yes . airplane mode ( flight mode ) only disables your phone 's signal transmitting functions , not the functions that do not require a signal to function . your alarm will still work .
that appears to be your carrier 's delivery report code . many ( but not necessarily all ) carriers implement it in some form or another , but the exact method can vary pretty widely . it is briefly mentioned on the sms wikipedia article . i do not recall exactly when the network sends the delivery report , but i am fairly positive that it would not be originating from the phone , and therefore would not count against any sms limit it may have . the device may respond to the provider when it receives the message ( though it may not since the carrier may send the report at some other point in the process ) , but the actual sms you get back should be originating from the network 's sms gateway , i believe . the phone 's os ( or sim ) may have some bearing on whether or not it " honors " the request , but i am not sure . i found a ( probably incomplete ) list of some of the various carrier codes here :
first i have to admit i am not an expert on device encryption . i cannot speak out of first-hand experience , but at least can give some background information which definitely will prove helpful here . so for one , there is the big confusion about storage naming . our storage tag-wiki can be a big help on this . in your specific case it is the question what " internal storage " refers to , and how that differs from " internal sdcard " ( which it does ) . so let 's see how our internal-storage tag-wiki defines internal storage : internal storage generally refers to the storage space on your device that can be used for installing applications and their associated data . i see our storage tag-wiki is even more precise/detailed : device storage : usually referred to as " internal storage " or " phone storage " . [ … ] on your device , this will be used for apps and data , and usually is mounted at /data internal sdcard : some devices offer a separate internal sdcard , where you can store your own data ( such as documents , videos , music files , pictures , etc . ) . so from this you can clearly see the difference . without root , you are not able to ( freely ) store your personal data ( as defined above ) on device storage . but our apps have their own specific directories here where they can ( and do ) save their settings , data , and more . second confusion is caused by different manufacturers using different " mount points " and access-paths for storages . as you describe for your device , they might even mount the sdcard inside the /data partition . however , if the encryption setup offers you separate choices to encrypt internal storage and internal sdcard , this should not matter : if you can tell it to not encrypt a given partition , one should assume it follows this advice . if , on the other hand , you do not get the option to not touch the internal sdcard , i am not sure it will be left out . in that case , it might very much depend on your device ( and system ) . when switching from ums to mtp to provide access to your " internal sdcard " from your computer , for many of them there was a second change going along : to not " fragment " the internal storage space ( i.e. . " internal storage " running low while there is plenty of space available on " internal sd " , or vice versa ) , they just use a single partition to hold both . the " internal sdcard " then is created as fuse device , in simplified terms : pointing to a directory on internal storage . if that is true for your device , encryption of " internal storage " most likely will affect the " internal sdcard " as well . but as initially stated : i have no first-hand experience here , and thus gladly accept corrections in the comments .
one would think that encryption would effect more than a factory reset , since ideally encryption would effect as much data as possible ( to ensure nothing is unprotected ) ; and a factory reset ideally would effect as little data as possible ( to reset settings without backing everything up ) . its hard to answer your question because you do not specify the medium of encryption you are going to use , but i would submit that you should just try it and see it what you need encrypted gets encrypted .
when chaging android major versions , gb to ics or ics to jb or even gb to jb , its advised to do a full wipe , since many old files from the previous version might collide with the new android version . since you have not done it , i suggest you do the following : backup all your phone 's data with either titanium backup or a nandroid backup if you have a custom recovery installed . get your phone to recovery mode and wipe all data ( factory reset ) . if you have a custom recovery you can wipe /system , /data and /cache . once clean , reboot in download mode and use odin to update to 4.0.4 ( or 4.1.2 if you have the international version gt-i9100 ) reboot and enjoy a clean installation of ics/jb .
from forums : tsuda quote : originally posted by stevhorn i can confirm this works with the mk802ii , but i do not know about the mk802iii . http://www.aliexpress.com/item/apple...661773412.html yes , it works on the mk802ii . the iii has the same ethernet config screen in settings so it should be the same . i will try it this weekend and let you know .
there is currently no way to limit the maximum volume . this has been asked on xda developers and there was only the one response since the beginning of august .
go to settings &rarr ; apps &rarr ; manage apps , find your camera app , and look if you can " clear cache " and/or " clear data" ; maybe something got messed up there . if that does not help , try clearing the apps dalvik cache ( you are rooted , so you can do that ) : rom toolbox lite and droidtweaker ( root ) are two helpful apps for that . same background as above : sometimes something gets messed up here . a very last resort would be a factory reset -- but keep in mind that this would also wipe all your self-installed apps plus data of all apps , so have a good backup of all your data available ( hint for that : titanium backup ★ root , which also offers a " dalvik cleaner " feature -- but as far as i remember this only removes " orphaned " entries ( from apps you uninstalled , and the like ) .
i just found a free sensors diagnostic app , install it and run it in order to see if it is a hardware problem : z - device test
webkey is my personal favorite remote control program . it turns your phone into a web server , complete with https and username/passwords with permissions you can set . so you could have an admin user with full access , and a standard user who can just see the screen . on top of built-in vnc , webkey also gives you the ability to track your phone by gps , connect to a terminal , browse and download files from your device , and a bunch more administrative things . though this sounds like it is outside of your needs ( but you do not have to use those features ) . and to top it all off , webkey is open source and free , encompassing every android users ' favorite two buzzwords .
all existing non-root-required product works at a very slow frame rate : 0.8 frames/second for a typical screen size of 720x1024 , so they are not suitable for realtime display purpose . " sji android screen capture " will fit your needs , no root required . just with pc 's browser . works at frame rate of 4+ for fullscreen of 1080x1920 , 8+ fps for 320xauto down-scaled size . at the same time , it can record to mp4/webm , and can remote control android from pc 's browser . https://github.com/sjitech/sji-android-screen-capture good luck .
try a free app called airdroid , which lets you control wirelessly your android device from a desktop browser . this is a fragment of play store app description : realtime android screen ( experimental feature , root permission required ) view your android 's screen , take a screenshot , or even record a screencast . here 's a video showing some of its features .
its been tested by a group here : http://arstechnica.com/gadgets/news/2011/01/researchers-enable-mesh-wifi-networking-for-android-smartphones.ars so it is possible .
the previously mentioned serval project now has an android app available - https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.servalproject
the project mentioned by bobflemming is the serval project , and they are also on twitter . the android application will be available soon apparently . thought i would mention because not entirely straightforward to find it through the youtube link and that the twitter account is not advertised on the site . also i cannot +1 or comment yet so adding it as a reply .
here is a project on sourceforge , please refer whether it help your need or not . . just link here , http://android-ptt.sourceforge.net/
here is what i use that do not need an internet connection : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.androidintercom https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.remaller.android.wifitalkie_lite
there are many push to talk apps on the marketplace , but they all required an internet connection . as far as i know , android does not support ad-hoc wifi connections .
i just called verizon customer care . they had me dial *900 and that fixed the issue . this cancels any possible call forwarding . works like a champ now .
just flash the firmware you like with odin . attention : you will probably lose your data because of the wiping .
enter recovery mode and do a factory reset and wipe cache and install any rom you like . it worked for my s2 which got stuck during boot-up . i kept flashing my rom without factory reset and wipe cache and nothing happened . it went back to normal when i did those procedure above . hope it will solve your problem . my s2 is fine and running again . i almost gave up on it .
the following terminal command should enable bluetooth via adb shell or terminal emulator app : su am start -a android.bluetooth.adapter.action.REQUEST_ENABLE  on most versions of android , this command will present a pop-up window to the user asking to confirm request to enable bt . i believe this was done for security purposes whenever an app that is not system is toggling bt . i have not found a way to disable bt via a shell command unfortunately . with wifi it is a lot easier , and does not prompt user for permission : su svc wifi enable  will turn it on , and su svc wifi disable  will turn it off .
enable bluetooth : service call bluetooth 3 disable bluetooth : service call bluetooth 4
in android . bluetooth . ibluetoothmanager , there some parameters transaction_registeradapter = ( android . os . ibinder . first_call_transaction + 0 ) ; transaction_unregisteradapter = ( android . os . ibinder . first_call_transaction + 1 ) ; transaction_registerstatechangecallback = ( android . os . ibinder . first_call_transaction + 2 ) ; transaction_unregisterstatechangecallback = ( android . os . ibinder . first_call_transaction + 3 ) ; transaction_isenabled = ( android . os . ibinder . first_call_transaction + 4 ) ; transaction_enable = ( android . os . ibinder . first_call_transaction + 5 ) ; transaction_enablenoautoconnect = ( android . os . ibinder . first_call_transaction + 6 ) ; transaction_disable = ( android . os . ibinder . first_call_transaction + 7 ) ; transaction_getaddress = ( android . os . ibinder . first_call_transaction + 8 ) ; transaction_getname = ( android . os . ibinder . first_call_transaction + 9 ) ; android . os . ibinder . first_call_transaction=1 so , with rooted device , if you want to turn off bluetooth in adb shell super user mode ( su ) service call bluetooth_manager 8  if you want to turn on bluetooth again service call bluetooth_manager 6 
i think it will do the same as the back button do . except one little change . it will finish() all activity / fragments in the app . just did a little testing with a little selfbuild app . you can test , too . heres my testing app : https://bitbucket.org/leandros99/lifecycletest ( download available , too . for those who cant build . ) in every activity lifecycle method (http://developer.android.com/reference/android/app/activity.html#activitylifecycle) print the app a log . you can view it with adb logcat ( install android sdk , cd to platform-tools in cmd / shell and type adb logcat . now you will see , everytime you do something like hit back or home button , the app prints the lifecycle method , mentioned above . ) your question : if i swipe a app from the recent apps drawer , the onDestroy method will be called . it does nearly the same as the back button . hope i helped a bit . if there are questions , just ask .
swiping apps out of the recent apps list is vanilla , and yes , not well documented . this has been the topic of a decent amount of discussion on various android forums . . . the consensus seems to be best described here in some comments : that the behavior is similar to but not exactly the same as closing an app -- in general ( for apps that do not define explicit back button handling ) it is the same thing as hitting back enough times from within an application that you exit out of it . the link has some more details on the specifics , but overall you can think of it as quitting the application . specific to the music app , i believe it starts a service , so while the task itself ( the music app/ui ) may be closed , the service continues to run in the background so that your music does not suddenly stop just because the task got cleared out for memory management reasons . that may have affected what you saw .
it closes the app , and its data is stored in the ram . thus , giving you more ram space so you can run other apps .
there is some info in the source code in the classes com . android . internal . policy . impl . recentapplicationsbackground and com . android . internal . policy . impl . recentapplicationsdialog . if i read these correctly , there are specific handlers for selecting the apps but nothing special for swiping them except for onDetachedFromWindow() , which calls com.android.View.onDetachedFromWindow() which basically hides the element and clears it is data . this would hint to the fact that nothing special happens on swiping the app , which corresponds with austin mills ' answer , because since the list does not show the active app , the onPause() and other system calls that are done when " quitting " an application have already happened .
i appear to have found the magical search terms that led to some explanations from google employees . specifically , i found a couple of different places where dianne hackborn explains what happens when you swipe something out of the recent list . the first is a comment on one of her google+ posts : [ w ] hat specifically happens when you swipe away a recent task is it : ( 1 ) kills any background or empty processes of the application ( see http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/fundamentals/processes-and-threads.html#lifecycle for what this means ) , and ( 2 ) uses the new http://developer.android.com/reference/android/app/service.html#ontaskremoved(android.content.intent) api to tell any services of the application about the task being removed so it can do whatever it thinks is appropriate . she also notes in a blog comment : actually , removing an entry in recent tasks will kill any background processes that exist for the process . it will not directly causes services to stop , however there is an api for them to find out the task was removed to decide if they want this to mean they should stop . this is so that removing say the recent task of an e-mail app will not cause it to stop checking for e-mail . if you really want to completely stop an app , you can long press on recent tasks to go to app info , and hit force stop there . for stop is a complete kill of the app -- all processes are killed , all services stopped , all notifications removed , all alarms removed , etc . the app is not allowed to launch again until explicitly requested . so , it looks like the summary is that swiping an app out of the list will first kill all background processes for the app , then use onTaskRemoved to notify the app that the background task was removed . at that point it looks like it is up to the app to decide what happens , so i guess there technically is not a hard-and-fast rule about what happens to the app beyond that point .
it could most likely be a bug . i suggest you upgrade your android via kies or manually . galaxy nexus is known to have a similar software issue with volume : http://techie-buzz.com/mobile-news/galaxy-nexus-to-get-a-software-update-to-fix-the-volume-bug.html perhaps it could be the same with your s2 , especially since it is on older android version .
unfortunately , it is not possible . those apps rely on parts of the touchwiz framework to operate . no touchwiz , no apps . the only way would be to install a custom touchwiz based rom . it would give you some of the performance improvements of cyanogenmod but with access to the samsung apps .
all of these things are going to be counting data from some point in time . for your carrier , that will be the start of your billing cycle . for android 's internal data counter , it depends on the Data Usage Cycle setting under Data Usage in the Settings app . for your widget , it again depends on the settings . getting the reset times in sync is critical for making the numbers match up ( and even then , as @izzy pointed out , the carrier may account for data differently ) . you could test this theory by turning off all data , setting android 's internal counter and the widget to reset at the same time , waiting until that time passes , then re-enabling data . the numbers should be better synced then . if they are not , then there is a chance the widget is not able to track all data sent for some ( likely security ) reason .
your data counter widget most likely summed-up the exact amount of data transferred . i.e. for a transfer of 33 kb , and another of 17 kb , it would count 33+17 = 50 kb your carrier more likely sums up blocks of 10 kb . so given the same example , he calculates 40+20 = 60 kb not for real , but it looks like android 's internal takes both and makes an average , so for our example it would come up with 55 kb . makes absolutely no sense ( and i doubt it is true ) , but rawly matches the numbers given in your question . . .
the menu for each file ( the one you get by clicking the down-triangle-in-ring icon , or by long-tapping a file ) should also have a move item between rename and export . clicking it brings up a selector you can use to select where to move it to . i can not imagine why you might not have that item .
on ice cream sandwich the folder is at /sdcard/android/data/com . dropbox . android/files/scratch
i have an idea . go to your box on your droid . hit the menu tab . then you will see " upload here " which is the way to upload a file from the sd card to the dropbox ! which works great for me not having internet to send from my laptop to droid as well as attaching files to inbox messages .
it should be noted that the dropbox app does not actually sync the files to your phone , it just presents you with a list . whenever you select a file in the dropbox app , then it downloads it to your phone . on my incredible , the dropbox folder is just in the root of the sd card .
root explorer has an excellent search function .
astro file manager also has a good search function , and has a lot of handy functions connected to file management .
thanks for the suggestions ! after i posted this i started changing my search terms . macro brought up my salvation . using macrodroid i created one macro that hit the home button , another macro that killed the calendar app running in the background and another macro that started the calendar app . i set the calendar app to open to day view by default . without rooting the devices i could not just kill the application and restart it . turning off the display also did not do it . along with these 3 macros i added one to turn off the display m-f @ 7pm and one to turn it on m-f @ 6am . so for my needs the free macrodroid ( comes with 5 free macros ) worked perfectly !
i only have a couple of suggestions . purchase tasker to automate a task that resets your screen/sound on a schedule . disclaimer : i have never actually used that app , but i have heard good things about it . email the developer of that calendar and ask for that feature ( his email address is on google play ) . and also leave a review on google play asking for that feature . look for android calendar applications/widgets that are compatible with google tv . in other words , if you find an application that was explicitly tested to be compatible with google tv ( which is android-based also ) , then it is more likely the developer took the time took to test his application on a screen that never locks and that is always turned on from day to day .
triggering the volume is one way it updates you have observed . i am sure there are more . for example , turning the display off and on should also do . and while to my knowledge no app can ( physically ) trigger any button , there are some that can switch the display on and off . one of those is tasker , which is only available as paid app ( though a 7-day-trial can be downloaded at its homepage ) . as a long-time tasker user , i feel it is worth every cent as it is the most flexible automation app there is for android – but ymmv , so there are several other candidates you might wish to check . relevant for your issue are time-based apps , such as timeriffic or llama . now for the idea : schedule a task for midnight ( or shortly thereafter ) , have the app turn off the display , wait 1 . . 5 seconds , turn it on again . this should cause a " page refresh " – with the side-effect of your calendar display being updated . experiment a little with the start time ( set it e.g. to 0:05 to be sure it is the " next day " when it executes ) and the " wait time " ( e . g . start with 15s to see whether it works , and then reduce it slowly to figure how short you can keep it ) .
the information below is from a developer website , it is the closest i could find to a definitive answer . from website : if you are using api level 7 or lower , use getexternalstoragedirectory ( ) to open a file that represents the root of the external storage , then save your shared files in one of the following directories :
according to this resource : http://eyes-free.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/documentation/android_access/apps.html#em " k-9 mail " is an accessible e-mail program . i have not used it so i can not vouch for its quality or suitability .
i have just loaded web page reader . it works great on web pages , even though android 's standard voice output is very tinny ( up to android 4.0 ) . i loaded the ivona voice ( amy ) which is the most natural i have found , and it is brilliant . works exceptional on the samsung galaxy tab .
the read my email lite application should help : read my email application will read out new emails from user’s inbox . this state of the art application will help users to track their emails while on the go . with simple instructions the mail account can be configured and tracked from then on . new mails will be polled every 10 minutes and will prompt the user of any new mails in their inbox . upon selecting the option to read the emails , the application will read aloud 10 new emails . and there is the read my email pro version with greater features : read my email application will allow the users to safely keep track of their important emails while on the go . once configured and started , the application will read out aloud the new mails details from the inbox . the mail details includes " from " , " received on " and the " body of the email " . there are various options to configure the service available with the application , like locale for reading the email , frequency of polling the email server , stopping the email , skip the current email , go back to previous email , configure number of new emails to read and managing various email services . this application comes with standard email services and allows the user to add their own email services . currently this application supports imap protocol . both applications are available from appbrain . com and google play store :
there is a new app out for android called audiomail . maybe you could give that a try .
for email there is the drivesafe . ly® free sms reader available from google play store . it can read emails , but has mixed reviews . i have never tried it so can not recommend it one way or the other . listen to sms text ( txt ) messages , emails and caller-id while driving . read sms ! listen to sms , listen to email , listen to txt messages . drivesafely® reads text messages , sms and emails aloud and lets you respond by voice ( with pro ) . ispeech text to speech ( tts ) will speak your sms while driving . hands-free .
talking clipboard available from google play store , can read everything from your clipboard , and additionally it directly reads epub , txt and html . it even can look-up your links collected with pocket ( formerly known as " read it later" ) . make your android device read text from any application using clipboard . talking clipboard for android is a text to speech application for android 2.2 and higher , that can read epub books or any text or html files . it can also read text copied from any application , using talking clipboard : read clipboard feature available through the notification/status bar . you can also open read it later saved bookmarks and can read it in talking clipboard . talking clipboard can also convert any webpage article to text and can read it for you .
once you have restored the data , go to contacts and press the left menu button , and go to import/export and import from memory card . i nearly had a heart attack when none of my contacts were restored but that sorted it out : )
well , this sony ericsson sync tool seems to work , specially if you want to move contacts from another sony ericsson device from your new one ( they claim you can also synchronize your data from other devices , as long es they support syncml ) . but i personally use gmail 's contact management , which is easy to use , practical and safe . obviously is a good idea to auto-synchronize it , as you did , even if you were not aware ; ) . after reading your post i have been playing with the Backup &amp; Restore tool , and i realized they warn something like : contacts synchronized using other services are not included . * *i do not know if this is the actual english message , cause my phone is in spanish , but should be somehing like that , should not it ? regards .
i would assume this is due to the cell radio firmware , not android . but i am not sure . in many cases you can flash older modem firmware using odin or clockworkmod , so you could test and see if the froyo firmware affects this under gingerbread . there should be a thread in the galaxy s forum on xda with the modems , i will update this if i remember to look for it later .
yes , your gingerbread phone does this , and no , it is not a feature of gingerbread . this is not an android-specific behaviour at all : it is part of the gsm protocol itself , so all phones do it . when the cell tower transmits , it says the transmit strength in the signal . the phone then works out how much attentuation there is ( i.e. . how much weaker the received signal is ) . the more attentuation , the louder the phone has to transmit to reach the cell tower . this works well regardless of whether the attenuation is caused by objects/buildings between the transmitter and the phone , or just because of distance . if it did not do this , it would either have to transmit at full power all the time ( which would be very bad for phone battery life ) , or it would get disconnected owing to the slightest bit of attenuation , even though it has enough power to reach the cell tower . both of those would be much worse . because the details of how strong the transmission should be are specified by the gsm protocol , it is very unlikely that using a different official radio firmware ( aka modem firmware ) would make a difference . even if you hacked the radio firmware yourself to disable this behaviour , you would not be using a gsm phone any more , so any " if there is no signal at your house " provision of your contract would not apply .
it depends on how the app was designed . android provides means to allow an app to choose from multiple layouts automatically depending on screen size and density , so if the designer cared to , they could provide completely different app appearances for phones and tablets to suit their app to the screen size . further information on the tools the developers may have used can be found here . if they did not do any of that , then the screen compatibility mode kicks in and its behaviour depends on the version . in version 3.1 and earlier , if the screen is larger than the app is intended for , it will occupy only part of the screen . in 3.2 and later , it will expand to fill the screen .
it totally depends on how the developer has coded it . this can be fine if it is coded reasonably or it can be horrible if the coding is bad . android makes it pretty easy to design for both and the new development environment they are releasing makes things even easier for developers so hopefully in future all applications should deal with phones and tablets gracefully . an example of a badly coded app is viewwebsource where the text blows up massively : screenshot ( click image to enlarge )
check how you are looking for it in the app you have a couple options you can try : from the regular youtube.com/opener site subscribe to the channel or from the app search for the alterart2 channel and subscribe to it the channel is not actually listed as opener it is under alterart2 so watch that to make sure you are able to find it . i located it on my youtube app and was able to subscribe and view . i am using an htc one x ics . hope that helps .
you can not . this feature was added in the ics version of the youtube app . older versions do not support it .
you can use the browser . just type the livestream link , and it will load normally . on the downside , it will lag a little bit .
it seems that if you add the livestream to your watch later list , you can then view it via this on your mobile device . however , it will start from the beginning of the stream and it seems you cannot forward it . you can pause it , but i found that if i left the application , when i would go back it would take me all the way to the start again . maybe this can help someone somehow .
copy the files to a windows/mac or linux machine and zip them one book directory at a time . then use calibre to convert them to just about any format you would like or another epub to . lit converter . you may need to rename the . zip files to . epub for them to be recognised .
the solution to this problem was to turn off google voice call screening . though the gv app was not installed and i do not know how the setting became enabled , i logged onto my gv account to turn off this setting .
mininoteviewer (https://market.android.com/details?id=jp.gr.java_conf.hatalab.mnvhl=en) basically works the way i want . there is no explicit switch between " edit " and " view " modes , but it does not pop up the keyboard until you tell it to . good enough . also jota view ( https://market.android.com/details?id=jp.sblo.pandora.jota ) can be set to not pop up the keyboard when you are viewing a note ( preferences-> input-> viewer ) , though the app is overcomplicated imo .
you can install google docs in your android device . also you can use an editor called inkpad , that works your way , the keyboard only is showed if you want to edit the note .
the maildroid app gives a lot of storage options to allow offline caching .
yes . and not just for the inbox , but inbox and sent may be the only folders synchronized by default . note : this answer was written about a now obsolete version of the gmail app , which continues to change in its user interface over time . the answer will not be updated to track that evolution , as there are multiple versions in use at any time which behave differently , and it is ultimately the idea rather than the specific steps which are important .
as far as i know , gmail will " cache " your most recent emails . if you have to " search " or browse through any labels , you probably will not be able to get to those emails . but your inbox ( or at least the most recent in the inbox ) should be available to view since your last sync . additionally , you should also be able to draft emails while offline ( and save the drafts ) , you just will not be able to send them until online again .
is it possible to download the new emails from the gmail account while online , and then read them while offline ? yes , but only for your inbox i think . if you open your inbox on your phone while you have a connection and let all of the messages you have unread propagate to your phone , then close the gmail app and put yourself in airplane mode you can reopen the gmail app and read through your unread messages . is it possible to write emails while offline that will be sent when online ? yes . if you compose and send an e-mail normally the messages that say " sending . . . " will go out as soon as you have a connection again . i just tested this by using airplane mode .
notice the cable . once i tried a normal usb cable for a samsung nexus s phone , and the connection failed . the cable that was given together with the phone worked . the official cable 's shape is a little bit different from a normal cable . it has a small cylindrical protrusion on the wire . i know this sounds strange , but it might matter .
you need to download the correct version of kies from samsung website and after successful installation check for kies update . also try toggling under settings-> development-> usb debugging , w/wo connecting usb cable .
never heard it was , and i am pretty sure if it were i had heard . ( originally " ximian evolution " , by the way ; ) neither have i heard of something comparable . mail , calendar , todo etc . are available as separate apps , sometimes also in combinations , but then mostly only combinations of calendar + todo , not with mail . closest coming is probably pocket informant ( usd 10 ) , joining calendar , tasks , and contacts : pocket informant 3 ( source : google play ; click image for larger variant ) i personally favour a combination of business calendar ( bought the pro ) , business tasks ( integrates neatly into their calendar app ) , and k-9 mail instead on my android devices ( and yes , on my computer i use evolution ) .
as stated in ayush 's answer , motorola customer care advises to wipe the cache to solve the issue , and it reportedly worked . as ayush omitted the steps required to follow whis advice , here are the steps to do " wipe the cache partition " . this will remove any temporary files that may be causing the problem , but will not delete your files or settings . with the phone powered off , press the vol down key for 2-3 seconds , then power key , then release . the device will display different boot options use the vol down key to scroll to recovery and vol up key to select tip : if the device reboots , you may have waited to long to make a selection , you will need to begin the process again . the device will display the motorola logo and then the android in distress ( logo with exclamation mark ) press and hold the vol up key for 10-15 seconds . while still holding the vol up key tap and release the power key tip : you can try this step , holding the phone in landscape . if you are stuck on step 6 , try a force reboot by pressing the power key and vol down key , and start the process again . the device will display additional menu options ( text will appear in blue ) use the vol down key to scroll to wipe cache partition and the power key to select this option the device will then perform the partition wipe the device will reboot and start the normal power up sequence
motorola is working on a fix for this issue . see the forums on their site . following kitkat upgrade , devices appear to show any of the following symptoms : lose mobile signal display ' no sim ' icons , fall into aeroplane mode ( while not displaying aeroplane icon status ) mobile signal can often be recovered by swapping into and out of aeroplane mode . pop-up errors about being in aeroplane mode while attempting to make calls during signal problems . aeroplane mode observed in about phone status ( while no aeroplane mode shown on icons ) 7 . popup errors - the process " com . android . phone " has stopped not specific to individual sim cards - multiple sims ( cutdown/original confirmed as impacted ) suggestion that it only occurs with mobile data enabled - to be investigated . the release notes also mention your low volume issue . apparently the patch is ready and the release notes have also been confirmed . this is just a matter of time . people should not update to kitkat 4.4.2 on moto g until above mentioned patch is available . note : i am not a moto employee , i am just a fellow user like you , who now tells others to beware before updating the phone to kitkat .
just to close this issue , i exchanged the device at the vendor ( same model ) , upgraded to kitkat , and everything seems to work fine . sorry for not having a more technical answer , i would love to have one , but in the end i needed a phone that works .
i am using moto g ( 16gb comes with kitkat ) for last 3 three week . and last night for the first time when i was calling then there were no sound at all . seems there was no voice transmission . then i rebooted and it worked but after some time same thing happened and continue to happened frequently . then i did factory reset and now it works well . it has been passed 1 day and no issue . i think its a software problem . i goggled a bit about this issue and found a post which states the same issue and occurred after 3 week of usage .
motorola customer care told me to " wipe the cache partition " ( and also described how to do this ) , and it is now working fine .
enable the app you disabled by following the following steps : go into the main system settings . open your main settings menu tap on apps swipe to “all” find the app you disabled and click on it in the top right you will see a enable button . press that button to enable it .
solved it by clicking reset app preference from the action bar in settings
try using delayed lock - works with ics but you need to be rooted only if you want pattern lock . pin and password lock do not require a device to be rooted to use this app . there is a trial version which i highly recommend you try and use before making a decision . there are also available free plugins to automatically keep the device unlocked while connected to a specific wifi network / bluetooth device or at certain locations .
php mysql server app is available for android device . install it and then download and generate your yii project by using cmd , then copy that project to your android device wamp root directory . for better development , install it on your pc . before running the command in the cmd , install php and make sure to set the php path in your system environmental variables .
have you tried clearing the data for the app ? or uninstalling then reinstalling ? or does hootsuite cache unsent/failed tweets to the cloud ?
i had the same problem when i originally rooted on my droid with stock rom . eventually a newer version of froyo came out and i had to upgrade ( and lose root ) or switch to a custom rom . i ended up switching to cyanogenmod . no more nagging update messages and i kept root . you might want to consider rooting your phone and switching to a custom rom for the incredible .
searching the market for " midi " shows quite a few apps that have some level of midi functionality . if you are looking for a full-fledged midi app such as you had find on a pc or mac , you will probably be disappointed due to the small screen and limited hardware interfacing capability of most android devices , but if you are looking to experiment with midi functionality , one or more of these apps should do the job .
the purpose of the lockscreen is to prevent someone from accessing your data , which would be erased by performing a factory reset . a fingerprint scanner is not more secure than a password , it is only more convenient . a few cases where it falls short as a password are : you leave your fingerprints everywhere its easier to obtain your fingerprints by force , than a password its harder to change your fingerprints than a password and fingerprint lock in samsung galaxy 5 easily defeated by whitehat hackers
here is an excellent thread on xda on how to do this the really hard way ( manually , with de-compiling and recompiling the framework . ) i would highly recommend not flashing the different mods from that thread because they are based on files from a different device . also , backing up the files you will be playing with is a must . i have not found any 3rd-party apps that can do this . could be because this mod requires edits to system files that are very device-specific .
it depends on the device , and what you mean by "2 . xx " . do you want a : stock android ? b : a rom ? c : a manufacturer-skinned stock image ? i am going to assume that the answer do the question above is d : any of the above . i am also going to assume that by "2 . xx " , you mean 2.3 . there are a few general requirements that will need to be fulfilled for it to be practical , and remember that this depends on the device and software ; do your research before buying ( assuming you have not bought already ) . the requirements : 1: the device was launched with android 2.3 or earlier . 2: the device has an unlocked , unencrypted ( or unlockable ) bootloader . 3: ( pseudo-requirement ) the device had , at the time that android 2.3 was still important , an active development community . if you meet the requirements : you will have to do some google searching for various solutions . if you want . . . a stock device image ( not stock/"pure " android ) then you can find instructions generally by searching " unroot [ device name ] " on google and xda developers . a rom : go to xda developers or the popular dev community site for the device ( google is your friend ) and search for cyanogenmod 7 , or any other 2.3 rom . stock android : good luck . i do not think you will be able to find any flashable images with stock android 2.3 for non-nexus devices .
i tested it using the built-in nfc share feature of youtube application between two nfc devices , namely a nexus 5 and a nexus 10 .
take any nfc enabled thing to test it out and install this task launching app . now create an action using the app to do anything ( click the + icon and follow instructions ) . when it asks you to write the tag , just touch the back of the device to your nfc enabled thing . it may fail to write , but it will still work . examples of some nfc enabled things you might just have lying around : metro cards some electronic keys any other nfc enabled phone
the only solution for you is to use another nfc enabled device . turn on android beam and try to beam something to the other device and vice versa . you can find how to use android beam here . you cannot use apps to check it as they are only capable of checking whether nfc is turned on or not . also the service menu tests is of no use without a tag . and by the way , nfc tags are not that expensive . try ebay and nfctagstore . com
i had this problem - to resolve it , play a track with google play and lock your tablet . you should notice the new lock screen with album art is now present . now , quit google play etc . and go back to using ( the excellent ) doubletwist . you should find doubletwist 's " now playing " track appears on the lock screen just like google play . i suspect google play starts a background service enabling this new feature . hopefully an update to doubletwist will do the same in future - but i am just guessing .
i use filezilla on ubuntu and ftp server on android . much faster transfers than bluetooth and you can browse the device . ftp server : f-droid , google play
probably you can create a tasker profile to connect to the wifi network automatically when you arrive at home ( or the home wifi network is in the range ) another good thing you can achieve it using rsync backup is that , you can use rsync and use a tasker job to periodically ( or conditionally ) upload/download data from/to your phone . you can refer to rsync 's documentation for its configuration and other setup steps . you can configure it to only specify required one way transfer of files .
four steps : open the moboplayer app ; if you do not see a small menu with icons at the bottom of your screen , tap " home " to bring that up , then tap " . . . " ; from the white extra options board , scroll to see the far right side . there you will find " streaming " , tap to access ; enter url and enjoy the show .
i use companionlink as my pim . do not get why it only gets 3.6 from reviews on google play , because it works great between my outlook 2103 and my android phone ( zopo c2 ) . i guess it may be that people will not read how to correctly set it up . if you have problems syncing it through usb because of driver problems ( and yes there is so many android flavors out there you will get driver problems some times ) just use the network feature to sync . i have not used other solutions since this work really great for me . /jj
as you are obviously running windows , you might want to take a look at myphoneexplorer and the myphoneexplorer client . this allows you to sync your contacts with outlook , gmail , windows contacts , thunderbird , seamonkey , lotus notes and tobit david , your calendars with outlook , google , sunbird , thunderbird , seamonkey , windows calendar ( vista ) , rainlendar , lotus notes , tobit david and net shared calendars ( webdav , ftp , local ) , sms and more as well , and offers many additional features .
is the menu bar at the top of the screen , instead of inside the window ? that is how unity ( the desktop environment in ubuntu ) works .
i have found it , i needed a y-cable and i needed to activate the usb host mode by using this command in the terminal emulator : su insmod /system/lib/modules/ehci-hcd.ko  that activates the usb host mode . and the phone does not mount the flash drives so i have to mount it manually : cd /dev/block ls  the terminal emulator should turn out something like uba , uba1 then create a folder in your sdcard called data ( or whatever you like ) and then type the one ending with 1 ( i.e. uba1 ) like this : mount /dev/block/ub*1 /mnt/sdcard/data  ( * ) stands for the changed letter because it always starts with ub and ends in 1 but the third character changes between a , b , c , . . . . then open any file explorer and do whatever you want with data folder in your sdcard and then just unplug it , no need to unmount safely .
there are two versions of the tablet , one with mobile network and one without . make sure you have the right firmware installed so that you get the right options .
there are a handful of different apps you could try , each with varying amounts of features . a few specific examples : allcast - also supports other devices like roku and xbox . casts pretty much any kind of media . dayframe - intended mostly for casting pictures as a slideshow/digital frame . photocast - can display photos in a few different styles , including one that plots the location of geotagged images on a map in the background .
not possible . at least not on most roms . try the nsa or your country 's secret services .
if the device itself works as you suggest you might be able to access the recovery mode , enable usb and then download the files you need . however this will not be a usb sync access , instead it can be a fastboot or adb access . to do so take your desire which have to powered off and press and hold volume down . now start it up by pressing power . in the recovery mode you are able to enable usb access via adb . as the recovery mode uses only volume down , volume up and power it can be controlled even without seeing anything . you only have to know which keys have to be pressed in which order . this is of course the complicated part . i do not have an unrooted device with the original recovery here for giving you the orders which keys to press . may be you find an youtube video showing it or a very detailed manual .
exchange the sim cards with two different handsets and replace it as earlier . this worked for me .
some devices ( i do not know about the nexus 7 , but i think it will be about the same ) only charge when they have still a little charge left on their battery , because - believe it or not - charging happens electronically . so it can be that your device has absolutely no juice left to run . an example of such a device is the blackberry playbook ( not android ) where this trick works when your tablet does not want to boot . but there is a simple solution for that , which can take some time . try to keep your device awake for as long as possible , even if that means you have to restart it a couple of times . of course you do this while your charger is connected . after you have restarted it a couple of times , it should normally boot up . i expect it will take about 7 or 8 boots for the battery to be charged at minimum level again . after that , make sure you keep the device connected long enough so the battery is fully charged ( have a look in your user manual how long it is recommended , most tablets need about 8 hours ) . another option is that your device just needs a little more juice to start . in that case you should leave it plugged in for some time ( i recommend at least an hour ) before booting . tl ; dr : two options you could try : 1 ) just keep restarting it , after a while it will start as normal . recharge the battery for a long time ( probably around 8 hours ) . 2 ) leave it plugged in for a long time before restarting
if you have just plugged it in to the charger , leave it a while before you try to turn it on . the boot sequence uses power faster than usb can provide it , so you will need a little juice in the battery in order for it to boot up all the way .
there is a clipboard-related samsung firmware bug which is known at least since july 2012 and happens on multiple samsung devices with android 4.0 . x ( ics ) . it is reported to be fixed in jelly bean updates , but they may not be available for all devices which have this problem . other solutions discussed in the bug comments , such as removing everything from the /data/clipboard directory , require a rooted phone . the bug is also not present in custom roms which are not based on samsung touchwiz ( such as cyanogenmod ) .
the samsung note stores everything from the clipboard . i would imagine that months of old clipboard items may cause a problem eventually . you might try to double-tap a text field , select clipboard and delete old clipboard entries from there .
search and download unlocker or screen lock bypass app from internet ( which are no longer available in play store ) . push it to the system from recovery ( with update . zip ) . start the system .
turn off mobile phone and press volum up + home butten + power button press come out samsung logo and realse the samsung logo to boot in to recovery select the swipe default factory reset
try connecting to internet by pressing the on/off key and selecting enable data connection mode . . .
you can try flashing your device completely and install the lightweight generic rom from google .
it can not be possible that you lose your internal storage because of rooting , as firmware is your os and drivers . which are taking space and do not even related to rooting in any way .
when you flash a custom rom and you are coming from different version of android , restoring app data may cause some problems . if you restore your whatsapp 's data may cause crashing that app . so its better not to backup data , backup just that application . if you are flashing same android version it may not cause issues . and you do not need to re-register .
i played with fire and went ahead and backed up my data with tb , flashed a custom rom ( paranoidandroid 3.0 ) and restored the backup ! well , this is how it went : whatsapp - restored the data without re-registration tango - re-register viber - restored google+ - log in required and configure the settings facebook - already logged in ( but re-sync contacts ) path - already logged in
its called easter egg . all android versions contain same feature . you just hold that screen for 2 sec , and some more will be displayed . jellybean ice cream sandwich honeycomb gingerbread
quick workaround : you can type similar starting words couple of times to make your phone think they are more frequent . embarrassing words will not disappear but they will not bother you because new words will be suggested instead .
instead of going into personal dictionary , try all languages , which on my phone is right above the personal dictionaries option . that is where my list of words was .
most of these answers are correct as far as they go . you can charge the asus transformer without the base using any standard usb source ( computer , plug , etc ) with the proprietary cable . the transformer needs to be off or at least have the screen blank in order for this to work , and with less than 10 volts it will not indicate that it is charging . . . but it is , albeit very slowly . the included wall charger uses pin 3 of the usb to determine if it is connected to an asus transformer or another device . it supplies 15 volts if connected to the transformer or base , and 5 volts to any other device so it can be safely used to charge a phone or other device . many people have successfully charged their transformer with a direct connection to a 12-volt source like a car battery . the positive terminal needs to go to usb pin 1 ( red wire ) and the negative to the ground at pin 4 . be aware that while this works , it may void your warranty . such a charging setup cannot be used for phones or other devices !
as others have pointed out , the transformer does require a proprietary cable for charging . there are a couple of drawbacks to this . the supplied cable is not very long . my nexus s phone came with a really long micro-usb cable and it is great , because i can plug the phone in and put it up on a high shelf out of reach of the kids ( who know not to touch the wires ) . the cable is a proprietary plug on one end , and standard usb device plug on the other end . but do not be fooled : it will not charge from the pc . the asus adapter ( which is ac-usb power ) detects the transformer and negotiates a higher current/voltage . the transformer will not charge in a standard usb plug . you can , however , use the asus adapter to charge normal usb devices without problems . i am not sure why asus went with a proprietary cable for charging . i suspect it is because that port is meant to be a multipurpose port for the dock , charging , and accessories , and that using a proprietary port makes all that much easier . however there are not really any accessories for it and anyway they could have included a micro-usb port along with the dock/accessory port . in any case , you would still need the wall plug adapter because of the higher power requirements for charging this device .
i think the proprietary charger is needed because of the higher voltages required by the dual-battery design . i guess you could use the regular usb connector , but it might annoy people when a regular cable did not work because it does not provide the right voltages . using the odd connector ensures that the correct charger gets used .
! i found a powerbolt duo car charger by kensington at tiger direct . one usb connector puts out 2.1 amps , which is what the asus transformer wants , and the other is 1.0 amp . i am sure that there are others available . it does not solve the " short cable " problem though
from what i can see , the transformer charger works much simpeler . if you look closely into the usb connections , you can see an extra set of five pins . at the charger usb socket , a pair of these pins supplies +15v to the tablet . references on the net state that is ok to connect a +12v source to the usb power pins .
it comes with an ac adapter and a charging/data cable which can plug directly into the tablet , though it does still use their proprietary cable connection since it plugs into the same connector that the keyboard dock uses ( the other end is male usb ) . using proprietary charging cables is not unheard of - samsung and apple have done this ; i do not personally like it when companies use proprietary cables , but in this case it is mostly because the charging/data port doubles as the dock connector . here 's an image from engadget 's unboxing/review of the prime . the ac adapter is at the bottom .
first off , the charging cable for transformer is not that clunky . sure , inconvenient having to carry another cable and adapter , but it is not that bad . second , asus is not the only manufacturer to use a proprietary port ( with the required proprietary charging/data cable ) instead of usb or microusb connections . samsung tablets are notorious for requiring a similarly shaped 30-pin cable and a/c adapter for charging and data transfer . all apple 's ios devices also have a similar cable/adapter requirement .
i faced the same problem . after rebooting for bout 5 times its working fine . and it has nothing to do with the settings .
sony pc companion really could be better . from your phone , goto contact list them do a back up contacts . it will writes all your contacts to a vcf file on the sd card . then you may merge it to whatever application dealing with vcf files .
have you tried the sony ericsson pc companion suite ? the latest version 's sync zone should be able to work with outlook . there are other packages on the market that can do this for you , but most are paid like for example companionlink ( $49 , free 2 week trial ) with its android app dejaoffice .
move your phone contacts list to the root folder of sd card tap on the people option on your phone and select import contacts from sd card . choose the list previously uploaded , then all the contacts will be imported .
aosp/stock android builds allow importing contacts from sim cards , or vcf files ( which are just text files . ) i am unsure the se xperia neo allows you to do this - if so , it is relatively easy to build a vcf file .
when using both features i.e. n messages in the last m days i have always found it to be buggy . if you want to pick up loads of old messages would suggest going into the account settings for that account , removing the m days option and changing the fetching option from xkb to just headings . would also suggest changing n messages to a higher value , one that is likely to pick up however many you want . then refresh your account - you should get exactly what you need now .
in k-9 mail , if you scroll down in your inbox , it shows the option " load up to n more " , and by repeating this you can go back further and further .
the newest version of the gmail app supports file downloads , rather than previews . if you are using the website i would think that foley is correct .
from what i have read , which could be wrong , these buttons light up where there are notifications , do they stay lit when you clear the notifications too and turn off the screen ?
the screenshots of the cn version are all in chinese , also the language code for chinese simplified is " cn " .
adding to what matthew read stated , it most likely will not unroot , but on top of that , it will not stop the damage that it has already done with your contacts or data . i mean if it collected contact data and personal passwords ect . then you need to start changing passwords and all that good stuff .
for that/those particular piece ( s ) of malware , the answer is probably yes . a factory reset cannot always undo rooting , but that is normally due to the more " invasive " methods used for a few hard-to-root devices , and not a simple common exploit like the ones probably used in these rogue apps . a factory reset should also wipe out installed apps ( including the malicious ones ) or , if they are stored on the sd card or something , at least reduce them to uninstalled apps just sitting there -- and they can not do anything unless the user reinstalls them . factory resets may leave the /system partition intact , however , and any malware could theoretically have replaced system binaries with malicious versions or something along those lines . i have not heard of malware that does this , but to be on the safe side you would want to re-flash your rom and not just do a factory reset .
yes , htc sense is basic rom provided by htc . if you want to increase your phone speed and internal memory you can keep your original rom and make it fast and full of memory by using link2sd with root privilege . just root your device and use link2sd to create links of your apps to sd-ext
when you are talking about an android rom , you are really talking of a group of programs , including the android base system , that are put together to work with your phone and that once installed are what you see and use when you start your phone without installing any app from anywhere else . you can imagine that the rom is the operating system of your phone plus the “default applications” that come with it . the thing with android is that is open source , so come people have managed to build systems configured to offer the user some things the original manufacturers of the phones don’t offer . this is the case of cm7 ( cyanogenmod 7 ) . if i install gingerbread , is that a rom like cm7 is ? gingerbread is the codename of a version of android , the 2.3 , to be exact . andorid 2.1 --> eclair android 2.2 --> froyo android 2.3 --> gingerbread android 3 . x --> honeycomb ( only for tablets ) android 4.0 --> ice cream sandwich android 4.1 --> jelly bean cm7 is a rom that uses as base system the android 2.3 system , so you can say that cm7 is a rom based on gingerbread . confused as to what exactly to do after a root , can i install gingerbread without rooting ? that depends . if htc offers an official rom upgrade to gingerbread ( version 2.3 of android ) , you can . if htc doesn’t offer this update , then you can only install an unofficial rom ( like cm7 ) . if i want to install htc sense , is that a rom ? htc sense is a pack of applications developed by htc to customize their phones and make themselves unique . htc sense is not a rom , but you can find roms for your phone that are based on the official rom with sense and some of the other parts of the system changed . rooting a phone is the process to gain full permissions . it is the equivalent of being the administrator of the system . once you are root you have full access to the system , so you can change it .
rooting gives you access to the root user ( dah ! ) it basically allows you to modify the entire system . for example you can remount the /system partition to delete apps . a rom is an entire operating system that you install in your phone and it replaces your default htc operating system ( normally along with clockwork recovery which is a backup/recovery/installing tool ) . you can find many roms for many phones . cyanogenmod is the most popular one . it is very nice but it does not include sense ( so you would lose any sense based app like the nice dialer ) . you can also find some modified sense roms , these might not be entirely legal ( not sure about this ) but you can find them normally in sites like xda-developers . sense is not a rom , it is a framework that htc uses to create a very specific look and feel for applications . you can only find it ( legaly ) in htc phones
i believe " rooting " means as in linux you become root ( administrator ) and the rom is the binary file specifically for the hardware you are using ; a samsung phone and an htc would require a different rom binary . now since you are root that allows you to change the rom to a new binary file ( cyanogen 's version of the android os ) suitable for the hardware on your model of phone . this may be completely wrong but i gave it an educated guess .
this is not meant as a complete answer , but only to address the issue of installing a rom vs rooting a phone first . it is possible to install a custom rom before you root your phone ( looking at installation directions for any custom rom will verify this ) , and to my knowledge , most , if not all , custom roms are rooted , meaning that when you install it , you have full root rights . however , you may want to root your phone before installing a custom rom , simply so you can back up your entire phone . you can do this via titanium backup . i am not completely sure if there is a way to backup your phone without rooting .
this is how i recovered mine sometime ago : first you need to download the correct . blob ( firmware ) file from the asus site here . when you downloaded the correct firmware unzip it and remember its directory . boot it into fastboot mode ( when you press volume down on the little android it seems that the tablet is stuck but actually it is in fastboot mode ) and then type :
autoupdates brick a lot of transformers when on cm . bad sounding situation , in my opinion . fastboot and adb are the only ways you could recover your device if you have a bad bootloader and recovery . have you tried holding vol-down while resetting with a paperclip ? that should force fastboot . if not , we can try adb . do you have adb access while your tablet is plugged in to your computer ? turn on your tablet so it is in recovery , and on your computer , run adb devices to see if your tablet is available . if so , adb -d reboot-bootloader should force your device to reboot into fastboot . from there , run fastboot erase x where x is : system recovery userdata boot misc cache and then after that , you can flash your files and/or restore your .blob files .
try aphonemetix completely offline phone usage analyzer . generates graphs and reports which you can share easily . ps - i am creator of this application .
i could not find such a feature shipping with android itself -- but : yes , there is . or rather : there are . plenty . it would become a long list . watch out on the playstore for droidstats or call meter 3g -- both apps allow you to specify the " payment day " ( droidstats is probably easier to use , while call meter can cover more complex scenarios ) . there are also others like e.g. phoneusage , and more ( you can follow the related apps for more suggestions ) .
you may be able to use one of these which has one 2.1a usb port , but only if the device you are charging supports it . most devices when transferring data lock the power output to the standard usb power standard when connected as a data device though . also if you are using a modded device with a usb fast charge enabled kernel , you will not be able to accomplish what you want because of how it is implemented . the force usb fast charge mode tricks the phone into thinking it is on mains power so it shuts off data ports .
it works that way by default . you can plug into your computer and use data while charging . it may be your specific usb cable , i have seen some that do not always work . bottom line there is nothing special needed
i had issues like this with the android phones with my new belkin router , that i installed and set up yesterday . although not with our samsung galaxy tabs :- ) i tried your suggestion of setting the leasing to two weeks , this did not make any difference :- ( i resolved the issue by taking the channel settings off auto and wacked the channel up to 13 . the problem has resolved . i double checked and put the lease renewal back to forever , as the galaxy tabs have issues when the lease renews on any router . the issue is still resolved . :-d i hope that this helps :-d
it looks like i may have found the problem . the latest update from at and t ( 4.5.141 . mb860 . att . en . us ) which they pushed a few weeks ago appears to not handle a " forever " dhcp lease properly or my router does not properly handle a dhcp lease renewal when configured for " forever " . one does have to wonder why the phone was renewing a lease which had no timeout , and especially after only 150 seconds ( allowing for the 30 second network request timeout ) . coincident with the wifi dropping , the logs show the phone tearing down the wifi service and restarting it after a failed lease renewal request . because the router has always had a " forever " lease time , my money is on the update introducing a bug in the phone . from my phone log ( note there is a large time between the request and the renewal only because the log captures only a couple of minutes , so i had to capture a number of small log fragments before i tumbled to the dhcp connection ) : since changing my router to use a two week dhcp lease , the phone has had a stable wifi connection for an hour and a half , which is considerably longer than i have seen since i started monitoring this condition . assuming there are no further problems , i will accept this in a couple of days , indicating that the problem is indeed resolved . ( btw , the log collector i used is " log collector " by xtralogic inc , and " wifi analyzer " is by farproc ) . update : 2012-03-29 am : the root cause seems to be an inability to renew a dhcp lease - changing the lease time to 30 minutes caused the connection to drop precisely 30 minutes after connecting the phone to the router . update : 2012-03-29 pm : that there is a general problem renewing dhcp leases is born out by testing all day with a short lease time ; every ( or very nearly every ) attempt at renewing the lease fails , and then disconnects and reconnects the wifi service . now knowing precisely what the problem is and what to search for , it may be that this is a long-standing problem with the android wifi service , present since 2.2 and still a problem even in 4.0 .
it is impossible to boot directly into cwm recovery by key combination . however one can boot into " download mode " ( as described in question ) and then ( re ) flash recovery with odin , this will automatically reboot phone to cwm recovery
cyanogenmod is a tweaked kernel . because of this it is faster , since the team that make it work pretty hard to make android more faster and stable as possible and also it is already rooted , so you do not need to go all over the process of rooting again . i highly recommend you to check the cyanogenmod wiki
to add the current page as a bookmark , in the browser : menu-> bookmarks-> add bookmark then you can long click the bookmark and select ' add shortcut to home ' which will add an icon for the bookmark on the desktop . alternatively , long click on the desktop , then select add item-> shortcut-> bookmark
try clearing the gallery cache . go into settings-> apps and scroll over to show ' all ' apps . scroll down and open ' gallery ' if the ' clear cache ' button is greyed-out , then you will have to ' force stop ' the app first , then go ahead and clear the cache . exit out and try to open your gallery again .
settings > accounts > google account > name@gmail . com you can decide which features to keep synced up here .
disabling the ssid broadcast does not provide any meaningful security to your wireless network . the days that it might help make your network harder to spot are long , long past . as such the best " fix " is to re-enable the ssid broadcast .
this is because android by default ( manufactures could of added something ) connect using only the ssid , not the bssid . see this issue : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=1041 this app here might help : https://market.android.com/details?id=jp.sourceforge.soopy.hidden.ssid.enablerfeature=search_result this is the design to connect by ssid instead of bssid for mesh networks , this becomes helpful . also if your router and phone support wps button , try that .
simply call the following url in your browser : file:///sdcard/yourapp . apk it works !
if you have a file browser app installed , such as astro , you can browse to the apk file on your sd card , click the apk , and it should pop up the apk installer .
i think this might simply be something of a misunderstanding regarding how " download mode " works exactly . when you reboot into download mode , your phone does not automatically reflash itself . it is not capable of doing that , and in general this is a rare feature ( nook tablets can do this , notably , though not with " download mode" ) . instead , it is simply listening for commands from a pc , delivered via the odin or heimdall utilities . the reason your phone has been sitting in download mode for over an hour is because you have not yet told it what to install . again , it will not do anything by itself , so if you did not use odin to install the rom then it is waiting for you to do that . you will need to get odin ( or heimdall ) , find a rom to flash , and then hook your phone up to a computer and actually perform the installation . once that is done , it should reboot into the new rom , but until then it will just hang out in download mode waiting for commands .
there is no manual or faq i have found for the program so i am not certain if this is the way they intended it to be used . it does work , though , and i can not see an alternative method of using usb . you need adb installed along with the proper drivers for your device . this varies with platform and phone , so check google or xda . enable usb debugging on your device -- settings > applications > development > usb debugging plug in , start droid vnc server on a command line , run these commands : adb forward tcp:5801 tcp:5801 adb forward tcp:5901 tcp:5901 visit http://localhost:5801 with a browser or point your vnc client to localhost:5901 i do notice that performance is not any better over usb vs a 802.11g , so i would only recommend going to the trouble of this if accessing your device via wifi is not feasible .
this new feature is called next word prediction . you can easily disable it to restore the ics behavior but it is a bit hidden : go to settings > language and input tap on the setting icon beside android keyboard under the keyboard and input methods section at the bottom you will find advanced settings , tap it there you will find next word prediction , uncheck it : after that , typing i followed by space will bring up the punctuation again instead of predicted words .
to uninstall the package using adb , you need to use the package name listed in the manifest , for example : adb uninstall com.shadowburst.showr  you might also want to use the -k option to avoid deleting the app 's data when uninstalling . you can also uninstall apps from the settings app : click apps , find your app in the list , then click uninstall . this works even if the app was installed via adb or directly from an apk file . by the way , do not use de.rf as a package name , even if you own the internet domain rf.de . you want the package name to be something inside a domain you control , to ensure that it will not clash with another java package you write ( such as another app or a library ) .
you do not have to uninstall , when you install an app already installed , you have to use adb install -r . ( for more help , juste type adb ) to uninstall an app , you have to use adb uninstall package-name ( e . g . adb uninstall com.example.app ) .
first , htc is not . . . employing a filter or enhancement to make the photos look better . . . . second , this is the color settings of the screens . if you transfer a photo taken from a sony device camera to a samsung mobile device , you will see a huge difference . that difference is that you can not see the vividness and cleanliness ( i.e. . the beauty ) you saw in the photo of the samsung phone . explanation : the mobile phones has a ppi or dpi more than 300 whereas the computer monitors have around 150 - 200 . since you are seeing the pictures in a lesser pixel density while you are viewing them in your pc , you may fell that they do not look nearly as good . if you want the beauty you saw in your phone , use photoshop or any other photo editing app to increase the colors a little and adjust brightness and/or contrast or curves . our fellow se members of photography stack exchange will be glad to help you .
the comment above about replacing system ui is correct . however there is a hack that overlays android 's built-in navigation bar with a " customizable navbar-like panel " . the real navbar is hidden but still exists . if you are still interested in a hard fix you need to unpack , modify and repack systemui . apk . this can be done using the apktool utility , which unzips the apk in editable form . in the resulting file tree , look for and edit res/layout/system_bar . xml using a plain text editor . add the keymap and icons for volume control : the exact placement of the code probably depends on the customization done by the rom vendor . but a likely spot is to search and place it after the line that contains the text " android:src="@drawable/ic_sysbar_recent " . after inserting the references , you need to copy the icons themselves to the right folder : the final step is to repack the edited system_bar . xml and new icons along with the rest of the unpacked systemui . apk . i am sure my instructions are incomplete . so remember to keep a good ( and tested ) backup and recovery tool at hand before attempting to install your hacked apk !
i am no audio pro , but i am fairly certain that something like this would require a dj mixer that is actually made for working with android phones , and has its own app for the phone . otherwise , you had have much better luck recording over the 3.5" headphone jack .
i am working from memory here as i am now running ics on my phone so i may be a bit off here . if you go into your phonebook settings , you should be able to stop it showing your gmail contacts . now , to get them into gmail contacts just do the following . go to your phonebook , this will now just be showing you the contacts stored on your phone . you should be able to export this as a vcf file . copy this file to your computer . now just log into your gmail account , go to contacts and then import the vcf from there . then delete all the phone contacts and re-sync your phone to gmail . you may still have to do a bit of merging if you have part of a contact saved in gmail and saved in the phone memory but this will take most of the hassle out of getting them into gmail .
thanks , it actually helped ! how to clean the mess in gingerbread contacts . the problem : some contacts were from google , some from phone only , some from skype and some from facebook . so the main problem was that there were contacts which were on the phone but not on google . more over it merged contacts from different services and sometimes incorrectly . i just wanted a universal set google contacts and nothing else . the fix : backup the contacts . in contacts screen > menu> export > sd card . unsynk from google and all other services ( skype , facebook ) : settings> accounts> click account> unsynk contacts only . delete all contacts : contacts> menu> delete> select all> delete . turn the sync back on . get an error message - sync has problems . find this message in the slide down are ( how do you name it ? ) - you grab the top of the screen , slide it down - there are messages . click on the error message . it says " too many deletes . " pick to undelete google contacts . done . result : only google contacts are shown . also , in settings , somewhere , there is a setting to save all new contacts to your google account ( not phone ) , do that . now all contacts are unified and under control . also restore the contacts from sd card ( contacts> menu> import> pick the file you saved , it has 0001 in it ) > this will create duplicates . ( give the sync few minutes to upload all restored contacts to gmail ) go to gmail , contact> remove duplicates , run it few times until all dups are gone . now it is perfect .
no , the phone is powered off , so no activities would be running to enable a transfer of files . you need to have it powered on .
i do not think this is possible . however , here is a very good file manager you could use to move the files after downloading : es file explorer
you should use the dolphin browser . while downloading file from the internet a popup appears and allows you to change the destination to save the file wherever you want . hope you are looking for that . ( still figuring out android pad ? )
i use many services for tracking the data related to my apps , for example : how many current active users and much more . for checking the performance of a specific app : if you want to track from your android phone you can use apps like this : app stats for android ( beta ) ( phandroid review ) . and a very great performance online monitoring tool is new relic . it can help you track down the realtime data just by including their small sdk in your app ( if you are a developer ) .
on appbrain , you can find the number of installs right at the beginning of the page for the app : on google play , you will have to scroll a little further down , as with the relaunch the summary has moved to a less ideal position : it is just a raw number of installs done via google play , and does not include other sources ( such as androidpit , pdassi , or amazon ) . i do not know how is dealt with users who installed an app and later uninstalled it , but that number should at least give you a raw idea .
had the same problem . solved it by clearing defaults in my gallery application .
just . . . go to settings &rarr ; applications &rarr ; manage applications select the all tab scroll down and find gallery open this entry , tap the clear defaults button
it is not the best i could do but installing brand new gingerbread ( obviously ) solved the problem
normally you would do this from Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications . find the app in the list , click it , and choose clear defaults .
a reasonably well respected program is keepass , an android version exists here . https://market.android.com/details?id=com.android.keepass on their site they have quite a good discussion about the security http://keepass.info/help/base/security.html
those protected apps are not secure at all . these protects are meant for girlfriends only . . . : ) as you have said android does not allow one app to prevent another app from starting up , there is no way to really protect an app . the password screen can be by-passed by disabling one receiver of protector app . even its also not required for some poorly written protector apps : just , kill the protector app and done ! and , the most easiest method is more funny : many protector apps provide a failsafe password to by-pass protection in case user has forgotten the password . you just need to contact developer saying you have forgotten your password and he will provide you a failsafe password . : ) if your device is rooted , i recommend you to use seal . seal provides a root method which is much more secure than generic methods . disabling a receiver does not by-pass its security . as it gets root permission , it heal itself from any attempt to by-pass its security . so , even malicious codes fail against it . in the last , no protector app encrypts an app and decrypts it on fly before opening it . its simply because android system simply does not support it . so , an advanced user can access your protected apps and associated data using android sdk .
jtag has zero involvement with android ! you may find a jtag being visible either under the battery or near the sim/sdcard holder , its a circuitary pin-layout hidden , one may have to dismantle the back cover , usually 6 gold pins in a cluster close together . it is that , using a special hardware box that has a vast-array of cables with designated pins ( depending on hardware manufacturer ) , along with specialized software which would be specifically made for that particular handset ( there are some generic catch-all kind of boxes that can be loaded with specific micro-code instructions for that respective manufactured board - the part is that can be tricky , is getting the identical micro-code for that circuit board , load the wrong set of codes then there is a risk of permanent damage ! ) . the micro-code instructions are emitted by the hardware box attached to the cable , clipped in position on top of the jtag pin-outs , which sends a signal to some part of the chip to revive it , and then from there , a appropriate firmware can get flashed into place using this method . this is a highly specialized topic where a background in electrical engineering would be helpful , to know which pins are either ground ( grnd ) , transmit ( tx ) , receive ( rx ) and also power ( pwr ) . the power , is the important one , as if the battery is dead , power can still be activated into the circuitary . furthermore , those hardware boxes , which can be found on the internet are very expensive ( due to differing manufacturers with different types of cables , and positioning of jtag pinouts . . . )
closest thing i have been able to find is : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.burningthumb.premiervideokioskhl=en video kiosk display a folder of videos , continuously and robustly in a loop . video kiosk was designed with android tv sticks in mind ( tested on mk808 and mk812 ) but also works with any android device that you want to use to display a continuous series of looping videos . video kiosk can used to run the big screen at a gym , shop , or anywhere where you need to run an unattended display , so you can be sure it will work simply and easily . the only thing other people need to know how to do is turn the tv on and off - video kiosk takes care of the rest . simply put your video files in a folder , launch video kiosk and pick the folder that contains the video . optionally enable the launch at startup option so that when the device is ( re ) started , video kiosk automatically launches and starts playing video .
depends how desperate you are for the files . so here is a way to get the files yourself incase nobody else loads up the actual files for you . you will need to do all this on a linux box of your choice . best way to approach this is to download your image file from google https://developers.google.com/android/nexus/images#hammerheadkrt16m as you can see at the moment there are two builds for the nexus 5 once you download that file unzip that file until you find the img files . there will be one called system . img which will probably contain the files you need . unfortunately the img is compressed any you will need to uncompress that image first . there is a thread over here that discusses this http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1081239 once you have the image that has been uncompressed you should be able to mount it on a loop back device mount -o loop system . raw . img mnt &lt ; - create the mnt directory first then that mounted directory should show you all the files
that will most likely depend on the device , a generic answer valid for all of them cannot be given . for example , the samsung galaxy s2 specs give 32 gb as max , still some user was able to get a 64 gb card working ( see : 64gb sdxc cards in galaxy s2 ) . for some older devices , the 32 gb limit might be a fact , while again others might just have specified it to be " on the safe site " . tl ; dr : yes , it is device dependant , some devices have their limits .
handbrake is a good program to rip and convert dvd video ( it may not work on certain copy protected dvds but that is a topic for another se ) . the stock video player plays h . 264 . mp4 videos well ( here are the supported formats ) . you can actually just use the iphone/ipod preset in handbreak , just change the width of the video to the height dimension of your phone ( so you can watch it in landscape , on the droid it is 854 px ) . it will output a . m4v format which technically is not supported but it will play because it is not drm'd by itunes . if you prefer another format like . avi , then you will need another player like rockplayer which supports many more video formats : avi mkv rmvb mp4 mov wmv asf wma wav mpg ts mpa dvd au mp3 mid ivf aiff ogm ogg cda flic d2v aac roq flac drc dsm swf pls pmp
meridian is a pretty popular media player .
' re ' download the movie on line and just copy the divx files to your phone . most movies should just work with the default movie player ( which is really great on the sgs ) ripping a movie takes a lot of time/knowledge just downloading it is easy and probably faster .
you can try foxreal dvd ripper , which can convert any dvd to samsung galaxy s easily . what is more , it customize the best video format for samsung galaxy s to help u get the best visual experience , you can try it , good luck !
it works for me . i just tried using the " share " command to upload a geotagged photo from my android phone to picasa , and i can see the map on the picasa website . i am using an htc dream with android 1.6
this sounds a lot like an issue with cache . while the apps themselves can be stored on the sd card , cache that they produce might not . as i do not know what apps you actually have , i can only advise you to at least try and delete cache from various apps , such as twitter , facebook etc . to delete cache , do as follows ( this is for android 4.3 ) : settings -> more -> application manager here you should be able to click in on every installed app , and delete their cache . beware , tho , for something like calender and alarm clock apps , any set up serviced from them might reset ! this should not , however , delete the app itself .
to answer some of your questions in your comments : the usb specification allows for a fifth channel , otg ( on-the-go ) , to negotiate master/slave relationships . some manufacturers remove the otg channel ( cheapo usb cables are notorious for this ) , and , subsequently , charging negotiation is halted if the device is trying to send data through it . some early samsung phones require the otg channel , and if your cable does not have it ( or it is a bad circuit in that one line ) , then it will not charge . very weird , but , some manufacturers do that .
in my experience , and my extensive reading on the subject , it seems to be related to the charger and not the cable , unless the cable is a non-standard usb cable . samsung does not use a special cable for their micro-usb chargers , only their old devices with the apple-like connector . the usb standard requires handshaking to negotiate more than 500 ma of current . this is not done in a standard way outside of ios devices , so not all manufacturers use the same methods . i believe some samsungs look for a certain voltage on one or two of the pins of the connector , and will not work with other chargers , but i am only guessing . what i have found with , for example , my galaxy tab 3 , is that there are some chargers that will not register no matter what cable i use ( including " charge-only " cables like from mediabridge ) , and other chargers that will not charge it at the full rate unless i use a charge-only cable . my wife 's iphone seems to charge from all the chargers , although i am not sure if it is at the full rate since i have no app to check . i should mention that most aftermarket chargers are designed to work with apple , and not necessarily android , so this is no surprise . my lg g2 , on the other hand , seems to be much less picky , and charges from most every charger i have . tl ; dr , a lot of chargers will not work well , and it is hard to know in advance whether they will .
most probably the usb cable is not supporting the samsung device . not all oem usb cables support other oem android devices . it may work with nokia usb cable but not with the nexus because the design of the pins is not matching . for this you cannot open the usb cable and change the design or something what you can do is to try another oem usb cable like nokia . it will definitely work . for more details check the answer
try this : hold the volume down button in earpod while inserting
a good application to do that is the samba filesharing . it shares your sdcard , making it easy to transfer files from/to your phone . settings after installing the application from google play , open it and fill a password by touching the password menu . the default username is sdcard and the default workgroup is workgroup . you can leave it that way or change it in a way that suits you . i would recommend enabling and selecting your wifi in the wifi white list . that way it only enables samba sharing when connected to your preferred network . that done , you only have to go to your network shares and look for a device called android . login name : sdcard pw : ( the one you defined earlier ) open the shared folder and it will ask again for credentials , and you are done . here you have a video that completes this information .
specification sheets lie , packaging lies , the mark stamped on the card itself lies . i have lost track of the number of " class 10" sd cards that only run at a couple of mb/s or the number of 8/16/32gb cards that have an actual capacity of 2gb ! if you really want to know how fast a card is ( and whether you have been duped with a card which is smaller than it reports and will thus corrupt your data when it gets full ) i would highly recommend testing every single sd card you buy . the best testing tool out there is h2testw on the pc . this writes a unique , verifiable pattern to the drive , completely filling it . since the pattern is unique , it can verify that the data read back is actually the same as was written and that the card is not reporting that it has a higher capacity than it actually has . since the class is related to the minimum write speed and sd cards get slower as they get full , this also ensures that you are testing speed under the worst case conditions . if anyone knows of a similarly robust and reliable android application to test the sd card in a tablet/phone directly , i would happily update my answer . there is an open source project called f3 ( which is short for fight flash fraud or fight fake flash ) which is very similar to h2testw for linux and mac , but i do not have any personal experience of this . it might however form the basis for an android port ( the source code is on github ) .
you can test sdcard speed in command line : adb shell dd if=/dev/zero of=/mnt/sdcard/test bs=512 count=2048000 rm -f /mnt/sdcard/test  that will write a 1gb file with zeros bits in sdcard .
an sd card class basically the minimum sequential write speed that the sd card supports . testing the class of an sd is quite easy , just copy a 1 gb file to an empty card and measure the time it took for the copy . a class 6 sd card should support at minimum 6mb/s . also check out the markings on the sd card , there should a logo like the following : the number in the logo describes the speed class .
as matt mentions , you can long-press the home button to see the 6 or 8 most recent apps . i have also seen itching thumb suggested here before . as matt also mentions , there are task manager apps . one is advanced task killer ( or advanced task killer froyo even ) which can be configured to switch to the open app rather than killing it . btw , if you search for whether you should use atk to kill apps , you will see a lot of advice telling you it is not needed for froyo . i had not heard of atk froyo until now , so i do not know what makes it different than the original atk .
long pressing on the home button will bring up the six most recently accessed apps and you can switch them . how many stay in the memory depends on your phone and the size off the app . android keeps all opened apps in the memory until it needs space . there are countless apps that show what apps are running in your memory . search the market for " app manager " or " task manager " . one i particularly like is smart bar .
my personal solution would be to use widgetlocker and put a widget on the lockscreen , such as the built-in ics calendar widget . but that is just me : )
a microsd nfc reader has been certified for commercial use ( visa certifies devicefidelity’s in2pay nfc microsd ) . we used a nexus s to read , display , and share a video from an rfid sticker the internet of experiences : consumer-based advertising using the nexus s . xtremesignpost consumer-based advertising .
the first part of your question is tautological : if the phone supports sdio then yes , it supports sdio . the g1 and the " beagleboard " support it , i believe . as for the nfc chip , i would say that if it is not small enough already then it could be shrunk to fit . it is not a particularly complicated piece of electronics . i would see very little benefit in developing something like this , however . i do not think nfc will take off before the next 2 or 3 generations of phones ( if it does at all ) , so most people will be getting new ones instead of tricking out their old ones .
updating dd-wrt to the latest build ( 15778 - d-link 615 d2 ) fixed it for me .
unless your phone have two sim card slots , support as you require is not possible . the market has adapters which goes into the existing sim card slot of phone and will help you to switch between sims after shutdown . the only advantage of using this instead of swapping sims by conventional way is to keep both sims together with phone and reduce wear and tear on the sim slot . samsung and other manufactures have dual sim phones which have two sim slots and the phone can be configured accordingly for usage . having said that , watch out for terminologies like dual active , dual standby . unfortunately confusion prevails even in manufacturer 's web sites . so , to be sure try the behaviour before you buy . you can read about these in the wikipedia .
if my understanding of your question is correct , your current system-cropped wallpaper is located at /data/system/users/0 under a filename of wallpaper .
check if you have set up date right ! i have just observed that the date was set to 01.01.1980 and changed it to the current date and everything started working right .
i found an app called panic alert button which does exactly what i was looking for .
check out withu app withu connects you with your family and friends in any problem . withu is an emergency app that , at the click of the start button begins sending out alert messages in every 2 minutes to your contacts that you saved into the app as the receivers or guardians . enter contacts numbers of people whom you wanna inform whenever you are in trouble . if you feel unsafe , distress , just press green start button , it will send sms ( with your location and time ) to the saved numbers . the message says " i am in problem . please help me . my location is ( your current location ) " . even if you have not internet connectivity , it send sms to your contacts with message " i am in problem . please help me " . you can place the button on your homescreen .
you should check with the manufacturer of your device if they have an official upgrade available . if so , they will either provide the download ( with installation instructions ) themselves , or forward you to your carrier 's support . if there is no official upgrade , your only option is to find out if there are any 3rd-party roms available from android community developers . best places to look for such roms are xda-developers forums or rootzwiki , for example . keep in mind that installing custom roms usually involves modifications to your phone that will void your warranty with the carrier and/or manufacturer .
edit the apn entry ( see mel 's answer ) and delete the SUPL and MMS fields . select default for the type and then your data will work .
try to put another sim in the handset and see , you will get it .
do not know if you got it sorted but i had the same problem and did this : tap settings > wireless and networks > mobile networks > access point names then tap on one of the relevant apn 's pertaining to your provider , such as , for example o2 mobile web ( pre-pay or contract ) set the apn type to ' internet , mms ' tap on menu , tap on ' save ' . back out of the access point names screen , back out to mobile networks , then : tap on packet data ( in some roms this could be labeled as data enabled ) , and also , data roaming to turn them off . turn those two options back on and voila its working again !
it can if you turn the function on in the settings . in the settings menu there is an option for " gps " , that when checked turns on geotagging : via gsm arena and careace
i just did a reset of all camera settings and the geotagging disappeared . since this is what i wanted , i am happy . when i bought it it was off ( i think ) and it got turned on sometime last month .
there is no setting in the camera phone for gps on my galaxy s gt19000 . i disabled everything in Settings &gt; location and security . it was still geotagging my photos , and i could not work out how it was doing that . but if you go to applications &gt; local , it was here for me . just visit the Settings section . nasty .
found that and it works for making and ending calls . still looking for a way to mute microphone .
setting usb debugging did not resolve my issue . i upgraded kies to the latest version . and it worked well .
under Settings \u2192 Applications \u2192 Development disable usb debugging . ( in vanilla ics this option is under Settings \u2192 Developer options ) plug your phone into your pc via usb with kies already running . ( found via galaxyforums .net)
i can personally recommend free forever gone ( sd card cleaner ) . it is not paid app and it has : much better rating no suspicious permissions 100x times bigger user base often updates
there is an app for this called secure deletion for android , which can be used to overwrite the data . another way to obfuscate the data would be to encrypt the device before using factory reset . this encrypts all your data , and after the device is reset , it will be very unlikely that the data can be recovered .
sim cards only support one number for each contact , so you should be better off exporting the contacts on your micromax device as contacts . vcf ( export to sd card / something like that ) and opening the vcf on your moto g to commence import .
move them in another way for example you can sync your contacts with your gmail account and when you add your gmail account to the moto g the contacts will be automatically trasfered this is the best way you can also try wondershare mobiletrans
this is dependent on the carrier . uma is the form of radio that allows the sending of traditional texts and mms over wifi . t-mobile in the us is the carrier who has it , as for where you are , i would check with your provider .
i dont think it is possible , since the data is sent through the cell network and not through a traditional wi-fi style internet connection .
i think that most ( smart ) phones do not know how to create a separate ip socket to send/receive mms over wifi . so they revert by default to the data socket provided by the carrier . or they may not have the ability to switch between two different sockets automatically . if you do root your phone and change the default mms ip socket , you may lose all mms connectivity depending on the phone .
it could be done technically . afaik all communication between mms enabled components is done via standard tcp/ip . but in a regular provider setup the mms store and forward server ( s ) ( mmsc ) are only reachable via the providers network . that is why you can not send and receive mms via wifi . it is also the reason why you can not make a call and send/receive an mms simultaneously when you have only 2g ( gprs/edge ) connectivity . normally android will drop the gsm data connection if there is wifi connectivity and all data will be routed through the wifi interface , but there is one exception : the mms traffic will still go through the mobile data connection .
your network probably uses a separate mms apn for multimedia messaging , and these are restricted to the operator 's own network , so the messages can not be received via wifi . also , the messages are directed to your phone number so this could be compared to using sip/voip through your regular phone number . if there is an active wifi connection , it is ignored and packet data is used instead ( if enabled ) .
as others have mentioned , the only way to receive a mms directed toward the number serviced by your carrier is for you to be connected to their service . however , you might consider a service such as google voice . google voice provides an alternative number that is then routed to your phone . currently google voice only supports sms , but there may be other services that offer mms support . a sms message sent to your google voice number would then be visible in the google voice app , even if you only have a wifi connection .
i believe the ' search applications provider ' has something to do with google 's internal phone data / app search apk either way : have you tried going into : settings > applications > manage applications > google search choose ' clear data ' and also ' clear cache ' . also there is an app in the list called : ' search applications provider ' linky , if your really struggling try uninstalling it . from the page linked it looks like other people have ! ( i have also read some other people back it up and freeze it with titanium backup ( ( i.e. . it is like a safe uninstall ) ) )
i am not aware of any app for android that can mirror an entire website . however there are plenty available for computers . i do not have experience with any of them , so i can not give you recommendations . a google search revealed a few candidates that could do the job . [ 1 ] [ 2 ] [ 3 ] these should download the individual pages and the necessary resources like stylesheets , images and javascript files . after you have downloaded the site copy it to your sd card and use web server app to serve it locally . just open up your browser and point it to the web server 's address .
turn it off and then , when you are turning it on press power + q in same time .
odin , firmware , no battery no usb cord , put the battery on , power+e for 10 seconds , connect to pc , and odin maybe will recognize it .
first , if your source is a file , adb push requires the target to be a file as well . hence , the correct syntax would be : adb push cm.zip /sdcard/cm.zip  second , a factory-reset usually does not touch the sdcard ( internal or external ) , unless there is an option offered to do so and you checked that . as for the link error : that looks like something on the device is screwed up . you are probably in recovery mode when trying this , and ( just a guess , but a good one ) the partition holding the required library file was not mounted . i do not know what options are available for your device specifically , but there are generally several ways to flash a device , as e.g. : update.zip via recovery ( which is what you are just trying ) side-loading via adb sideload using fastboot using a device ( or manufacturer ) specific flash tool , in your case kies , odin , or heimdall i would suggest the last mentioned method : you could e.g. first flash the latest official rom via odin/heimdall , so it is able to boot correctly again . after that , you would have a working device again , and could cleanup your sdcard to use the update.zip method for flashing your cm image . another way to free some space : if you know some of the " big filenames " , you could try using adb push to overwrite them with " small ones " . say , if there is a video file with 500 mb size in /sdcard/Videos/bigmovie.mp4 , you could take an empty text file empty.txt ( 0 bytes ) and push it over the video : adb push empty.txt /sdcard/Videos/bigmovie.mp4  this should set enough space free to finally push your cm.zip to the card .
im apps that do not require an additional account tend to be few and far between on android ( in my experience , anyway ) , but so far i have seen two : ebuddy - this does have an associated " ebudy id " account that you can register for , but you are not required to do so in order to use other protocols . im+ ( free , pro ) - same as ebuddy above . another potential selling point is that the tablet interface is much nicer , imho .
not specific to android , but traffic . com lets you define " drives " and will send sms and/or email alerts if issues are detected . other sites have similar features .
steps i have used in the past for this kind of issue : check your usb cable - some are no good for data . ( this is frequently the issue when my computer can not see my phone ) reboot everything you say the drivers are not installing - what is the issue there ? try manually installing the drivers .
proxy . mvno . tracfone . com make sure that the letter p is on upper case and this is an old apn settings your internet is slow on this kind of apn use the current lte one
if you live in non-us country , then you can follow a guide for installing the us-based ics on you xoom that i have written up on my blog . the basic procedure is : install android sdk and motorola usb drivers on your pc download us honeycomb stock rom from here extract all files from this zip file into platform-tools folder under android sdk boot the device into fastboot mode . then from command prompt ( with current directory ‘sdk/platform-tools’ ) run following commands- fastboot oem unlock ( this is red pill , at this point your device warranty voids ! welcome to matrix ! ! ) fastboot flash boot boot . img fastboot flash system system . img fastboot flash recovery recovery . img fastboot flash userdata userdata . img fastboot erase cache now reboot the device go to settings -> about -> update , this will download subsequent rom update and will install it , and then reboot repeat step-7 until all updates are done ( will normally need 4-5 update cycles ) note that it will void your device warranty
which version of the xoom do you have ? motorola have so far only released an ics update for the us wifi version of the xoom ( the 3g version and the international version use different firmware and have not had the update yet , applying this update to those models may harm them ) . if you do have a us wifi xoom then motorola are already actively pushing this update out and have been doing this in batches since 24th jan . if your device is regularly connected to the internet and has not automatically picked up the update yet , then you can force it to go and check by going into settings -> about tablet and selecting system updates it should then go and check for you . in the future , if you want to have a chance of getting xoom updates early , you can join the official motorola feedback network , members of that group did reportedly get the ics update a few weeks earlier than everyone else . join it by signing up at the motorola forums and selecting the " motorola feedback network " option . if you do want to do this manual update , then you can pick up a usb otg ( aka host mode usb cable ) very cheaply on ebay , i got one for connecting my camera to the xoom for a couple of pounds , including postage from hong kong !
i would suggest looking at alternative input methods ( keyboard apps ) that specifically support portuguese language . i personally used anysoftkeyboard , which does have a portuguese language pack . there are many other similar keyboard apps on the market as well . you might need to get them elsewhere though , since your build most likely does not have the android market access .
either you can use a root browser like es explorer or even easier is to add a folder on sd denoting what you wish to use it for ie . ringtone , alarm , ui , notification
add a folder named ' ringtones ' to your sd card . add your ringtone files to that folder . in the same manner add folders named ' notifications ' , ' alarms ' etc
update : ( will update soon enough ) com . android . provision uninstalled ( no issues encountered ) com . android . keyguard ( why does not it have a name in apps list ? after removing it , i could not use the s2 home button . the phone has to be rebooted to make it fully removed or installed ) input devices uninstalled ( no issues encountered ) documents ( com . android . documentsui ) uninstalled ( no issues encountered ) package access helper left it market feedback agent ( is it for adding your apps to google play my apps list ? ) i left it before because i thought it makes a my apps list in playstore so you can check for updates but sideloaded apps ( like from a backup ) never appear in my apps anyway so i uninstalled ( no issues encountered ) html viewer someone supposed it is for better rendering so i guess it is for better html content experience but i uninstalled anyway ( no issues encountered ) external storage ( storage works without it ) i* also removed some mediaprovider/whatever stock gallery app fails to find anything but still opens images when using open with inside file manager so i replaced gallery with a better alternative key chain ( is it for storing passwords ? ) ( google play still works ) uninstalled ( no issues encountered ) settings storage ( can not settings store data itself ? ) after freezing rom was stuck on its animation ( confirmed twice restoring to different backup and freezing again to verify if it always does that ) so i leave it as it is google services
requirement : rooted phone samsung phone accountandsyncsettings . apk -- no , sync settings , this is required , even if out don´t sync , this is because it syncs more than just calendar and contacts , it is the effective sync to your google account , required for just about anything . applicationsprovider . apk -- no , required for application installation and uninstall . audiotuning . apk -- ? , not really sure about this one . i guess this is an automatic sound adjustment according to background noise , however i´ve never seen this into effect . if you´re feeling lucky , you can try removing it , however i´ve never monitored this actually showing up resource managers . axt9ime . apk -- yes , this is the stock samsung keyboard . you can remove it , but even if you have swype , swype doesn´t have all of the keyboard layouts . i´d leave it , to my opinion , this is kind of essential . badgeprovider . apk -- no , something to do with messaging and email . removing this causes sms and email related apps to force close . even if you manage to keep the program open for long enough without it foce closing , you won´t be able to send messages , they´ll just be stuck on " sending " . bluetooth . apk -- yes , incorrectly named , this apk actually manages the bluetooth printing rather than the bluetooth itself . if you have no need for bluetooth printing , this won´t ever be missed or will never bother you in any occasion . bluetoothopp . apk -- no , this apk actually manages file transfer between phones . remove this and you´ll never be able to transfer files . this actually includes streaming music through car bluetooth and headsets , since they effectively speaking , file transfers . bluetoothservices . apk -- no , provides general framework for bluetooth . if you´re going to use bluetooth for any reason , this apk is a must . removing this one breaks all other bluetooth applications . bluetoothtestmode . apk -- yes , this is activated when you need to test the fidelity of your bluetooth . you can do that by going into the test section by typing the secret code # #197328640# # . removing it is possible , however , some bt connections actually test the bluetooth to measure how much data is transfered . this way , it calculates the buffer size it needs to use , and at what quality media can be streamed . removing it can disrupt communications with those bt terminals or you can experience fade-outs , where while listening to songs , the sound will fade every few seconds , because of inadequate bandwith . ( this can occur even with this application left as is , if your bt terminal doesn´t have the auto regulation feature ) browser . apk -- yes , removing this will make you lose your browsing ability ( not internet as a whole ) . if you have firefox or opera for android , and like those best , you can remove this without any problems . buddiesnow . apk -- yes , this is just that widget offered by the touchwiz launcher . if you don´t use it , remove it . callsetting . apk -- no , do you like to use your phone for . . . umm calling people ? this is kind of essencial , it will allow call setting to be edited . stuff like call waiting and forwarding will not work if you remove this , as well as other stuff i didn´t have time or willingness to test , as soon as i confirmed dialpad and other things while calling had been disabled . camera . apk -- no , this is the camera application . if you find an alternative one ( i don´t think there are any on the market ) you could remove it . camerafirmware . apk -- no , this is the actual rom ( if you will ) for the camera . without this , camera . apk is useless . certinstaller . apk -- no , installs certificates for the apps you install . i assume without this , you cannot give permissions for apps to do things and access certain folders and files . i´m guessing if you don´t have this installed , you couldn´t even install root on your phone . so in short , no . clockpackage . apk -- yes , however this controls the alarm clock , stopwatch , world time and timer . there are alternative applications online if you want , but this seems to do the job pretty well and all under the same apk . contacts . apk -- no , this controls the contacts application ( the contacts / groups / history / activities tabs ) . removing this will make you have to call everyone by physically inputing their number . contactsprovider . apk -- no , this controls contacts sync . pretty useful if you still don´t use google contacs sync , you should try it . in theory if you don´t use it , you could remove it , but i don´t know what effect it would have on your contacts . csc . apk -- no . this breaks csc . according to insanity , this can be removed after first successful boot , but if you ever have to hard reset or restore factory settings , this will not allow you to boot successfully . datacreate . apk -- no . dialertabactivity . apk -- no . this controls the dialer . even if you have all your contacts already stored , you cannot call them without this app . divx . apk -- yes . this is some licesing information for the video player . i don´t really watch alot of videos on my phone , but after removing this i´ve never had any problems . if you do remove it , and have problems , post it on the comments . dlna . apk -- yes . this is allshare . never had any use for it , and it shall not be missed . downloadprovider . apk -- no . handles file downloads and market downloads . drmprovider . apk -- no . in theory , you cannot remove it , it will break your ability to play drm protected files , aka , ringtones and sms notifications . i´ve been in the process of de-drming my ringtone files . i would imagine , if you don´t have a reason to play drm protected files , this could be removed . however keep in mind all drm protected files will not be able to play . this apk takes up a lot of memory and stays on all the time on the background . it is one of my most hated apks , it serves no function rather than to protect you from copying or editing the stupid samsung ringtones . drmua . apk -- no , see above . dualclock . apk -- yes . dual clock widget . if you don´t need , remove it . email . apk -- no . according to insanity , removing this will break things . haven´t tried it yet though . enhancedgooglesearchprovider . apk -- yes . this controls that ability to hold the menu button for a second or two and the search menu pop up . i usally keep it . factorytest . apk -- yes . removed it without any problems . if you have ever run autostarts , you´ll realize how much of a hog this apk really is during some actions . flashplugin . apk -- yes . this allows flash content to be displayed , so even though you can , i don´t recommed it . flashsvgplayer . apk -- yes . as far as i know , this is the player which provides you to view the flash content through the plugin above . removing this might break your flashplugin . fmradio . apk -- yes . radio player . gallery3d . apk -- yes . this is a battery hog . it´s that fancy 3d accelerometer enhanced gallery . if you remove it , you won´t be able to easily access photographs though . if you want a good replacement , i would suggest quickpic , it does the job , it´s fast and doesn´t hog memory ( although its not fancy like the 3d gallery ) globalsearch . apk -- yes . this is the search function on your phone . remember the enhanced search this above , well , that actually accesses this to do the search . that can be removed and this will be fine ( although you´ll have to access the search feature by the app drawer ) . but if you remove this , the enhanced search will be useless . gmail . apk -- yes . don´t use gmail ? it can be removed , but will break talk . apk as well . gmailprovider . apk -- yes . i guess it is tied to gmail . apk . see above . googleapps . apk -- ? . this is didn´t even come installed on my phone , so i guess it´s not that important . googlecheckin . apk -- ? same as above . googlecontactssyncadapter . apk -- yes . syncs contacts through google . this can be removed , but you won´t be able to sync contacts . googlepartnersetup . apk -- no . googlesearch . apk -- yes . this is the google search widget you can add onto your launcher desktop . googlesettingsprovider . apk -- no . googlesubscribedfeedsprovider . apk -- ? . don´t know , this is not on my phone . gpssetup2 . apk -- no . this sets up gps configurations . gtalkservice . apk -- yes . you might have this as talk . apk or gtalkservice . apk , although it´s all the same thing , it´s google talk . htmlviewer . apk -- yes . no side effects were noticed when removing this . hwcodec . apk -- ? . don´t have this on my phone . icsservice . apk -- ? . don´t have this on my phone . infoalarm . apk -- yes . this is the daily briefing widget . don´t need it remove it . inputeventapp . apk -- no . layar-samsung . apk -- yes . layar . seems awesome on paper . never has been of any use in reality . lbstestmode . apk -- yes . gps testing mode . can be accessed via # #197328640# # , but not needed per se . lcdtest . apk -- yes . removing this will cause your screen to not turn off when you lock your phone . by installing spare parts you can fix this , however if you don´t use spare parts for any other reason , that´s just replacing a passive apk for one that invades your phone on all levels . so i rather just leave it and not worry about it . logsprovider . apk -- no . lots of things will crash and force close if you do . maps . apk -- yes . google maps apk . if you don´t use it , remove it , but it is pretty useful , since it has gps navigation as well . marketupdater . apk -- yes . safe to remove but when the market gets updated you won´t be recieving the update . mediaprovider . apk -- no . needed to access media files and ringtones . mediauploader . apk -- yes . this uploads pictures to picassa ( facebook as well ? ) . if you don´t need it , remove it . memo . apk -- yes . remove it and you won´t be able to write memos though . mms . apk -- no . this controls mms sending and recieving on the phone . mobiletrackerenginetwo . apk -- yes . this app and the next control the tracker ability on your phone . what this does is if you lose your phone you can use this to track it down and find it . if it gets stolen , you can use this to lead the cops to the thief . although this is an awesome idea , if you don´t live in a perfect world , it would be wiser not to go after the guy who stole your phone in case he decides to , hum . . . , go kill you afterwards . . . besides , i live in argentina , and the cops cannot be trusted to do this kind of job . . . they´ll tell you they can´t do anything . these things stay on memory all the time and really consume battery , so if you don´t care about this feature and really just take care of your stuff , you´ll not be needing these two apps . mobiletrackerui . apk -- yes . see above . i forgot to mention though an extra feature this offers though . if you have these 2 apks installed , you have the samsung apps and singin ( you´ll see them later further down ) , you can use another apk called wipereciever . apk to remotely wipe all the data on your phone , in case you are very privacy concious . however , removing any of these 2 apks , removing samsung apps and not setting up a samsung apps account before your phone gets stolen , this feature becomes disabled . really in my opinion , its too much stuff to be worried about , and my phone doesn´t contain any nuclear launch codes . so i rely on my lock screen password to protect my data . ( most thieves don´t have the knowhow to crack the lockscreen protection and access the info inside the phone . at most they´ll get bored and might find the info on how to flash a new rom or reset to factory settings , where your info will be deleted and your privacy sensitive stuff with it ) . mtpapplication . apk -- yes . required to sync with kies . do you flash your roms rather than update through kies , this is useless to you then . ( updating through kies is the equivalent of upgrading from xp to windows 7 . it does the job , but it never works as well as installing from scratch . ) musicplayer . apk -- yes . this is the music player . if you remove this , you can still preview sounds and stuff through the soundplayer . apk . this can be effectively replace by poweramp and winamp . in fact , if you have a stable music player alternative installed , i would recommend you delete this , since it could cause clashes and you might even get both players playing different songs at the same time via bluetooth . myfiles . apk -- yes . this is the default file viewer installed by samsung . if you use rootexplorer , this is kind of pointless . however , i sometime do things on the go and need to access things fast . i usually use this for everyday use and leave rootexplorer just to do alterations such as what we are doing in this list , so as to not delete important things by accident . networklocation . apk -- yes . this is the semi-accurate gps simulation . it uses cellphone cell information to estimate your location , rather than using the battery hog gps antenna . if you remove this , things like automatic weather location will be broken ( you´ll have to input your location manually ) . i usually leave this on , because since it uses the very gsm network used by the phone , it seems like hitting two birds with one stone . using the real gps will force you to have two antennas working together . this wastes a lot of battery , and really most of the time the network location does a pretty good job of narrowing down your location . if you use gps a lot , i recommed just buying one of those tomtoms or garmin gps , it has better maps , better accuracy and the very device is optimized to use only the gps antenna , therefore wasting less battery , and not wasting your phone battery life . otaprovisioningservice . apk -- no . according to insanity , this is required . however see wssyncmlnps . apk to get more of an idea . packageinstaller . apk -- no . personalization . apk -- no . phone . apk -- no . remove this and you won´t have the dialer application . even though your phone will theoretically work , you just won´t be able to dial out or view missed calls and stuff . phonecrashnotifier . apk -- ? . don´t know , my phone doesn´t have this . phoneerrservice . apk -- no . phone_util . apk -- no . picotts . apk -- yes . this is part of the text to speech ( not speech to text ) . if you´re blind , this is kind of important , because the phone will read via a a robotic voice things to you . this is also part of the google gps application where it will tell you " turn left " " keep right " . if you remove this , gps navigation will work , you just won´t have someone talking to you . if you decide to remove this , remove ttsservice . apk as well . preconfig . apk -- no . rilfactoryapp . apk -- ? . the galaxy 3 seems to be the only phone in the world that has this . nowhere i have seen is this apk mentioned . i have no idea what this does . samsungapps . apk -- yes . samsung apps , if you remove this , you can remove signin . apk as well . if you remove this , and you manage your music and have apps via kies , they might not work , however kies will still connect ( if you want to update firmware via kies ) . by removing this , your samsung and touchwiz widgets will still work . samsungwidget_calendarclock . apk -- yes . calendar clock widget . samsungwidget_feedandupdate . apk -- yes . feeds and updates widget . samsungwidget_stockclock . apk -- yes . stock clock widget . samsungwidget_weatherclock . apk -- yes . weather clock widget . secdownloadprovider . apk -- no . i believe this has to do with the maket , so i´d just leave it alone . servicemodeapp . apk -- no . required for secret codes and service tasks , such as those accessed by secret codes . settings . apk -- no . isn´t settings explicit enough ? settingsprovider . apk -- no . some carriers will send you settings via sms or internal message . this is mostly for those people who don´t really know how to configure their phone ( anyone not reading xda ) . although it seems banal , it could be useful at some point , and some people have reported things force closing because of this setupwizard . apk -- no . in theory can be deleted after first successful boot . however this could cause problems if you need to factory reset shutdown . apk -- no . tells you your battery is low and manages shutdown notifications . signin . apk -- yes . see samsungapps . apk sisodrmprovider . apk -- no . has to do with the drm . if you successfully manage to remove drmua and drmservice , maybe this can be removed as well . don´t know , haven´t been able to rid my phone from drm still . snsaccount . apk -- yes . does the feeds sync with facebook and twitter . without this , you won´t be informed of new tweets of your friends saying " omg ! i´m at the toilet reading cosmo magazine . lolz " . snsprovider . apk -- yes . see above . soundplayer . apk -- yes . this , not to be confused with musicplayer . apk plays sounds and previews ringtones . even though it can be removed , you´ll be pretty limited if you do , since it works a bit faster and to the point than musicplayer . it doesn´t genera playlist , history and has no visualization . it just plain to the point plays sounds . even if you have winamp , poweramp , cubed or whatever i recommend keeping this . stk . apk -- yes . you know those annoying menus your carrier offers you , you know , to inform you about your hororscope ( no i didn´t misspell it ) , roaming information or traffic information , making you send a message so they can send you the info back ? this is the menu apk for that . don´t want to download your carrier ( payed ) games or apps telling you bad jokes ? delete this . street . apk -- yes . streetview for google maps . removing it will not break google maps , but you won´t get to view street pictures . swype . apk -- yes . swype keyboard , and awesome alternative to samsung´s . it does a good job at predicting text , but not essential if you like to manually type all words out . syncmldm . apk -- yes . device management . i read something somewhere but don´t really remember what it was . i deleted this accidentally while trying to delete syncmlds . apk but nothing has broken yet . . . syncmlds . apk -- yes . this has to do with the synchronize page options in the settings menu . if you don´t use it , it has no meaning in your life . talk . apk -- yes . google talk . there was some chatter about removing this breaking gmail or the market . as far as i´ve read , this can be removed , although i still haven´t gotten around to trying it out . talkprovider . apk -- yes . see above . telephonyprovider . apk -- no . thinkdroid . apk -- yes . this is the mobile version of a microsoft office clone . removing this will not let you open . doc or . xls or . pps on your phone . touchwiz30launcher . apk -- no . even though if you use zeam or launcherpro or golauncher , removing this is kind of dangerous . let me explain . a while ago when i was a virgin at odin flashing and new to the phone , i deleted this because i was using launcherpro . i had also deleted something that made my phone force close all the time . i didn´t trust flashing yet , and in my haste , i decided to restore factory settings . the thing is , when you do that , it deletes all non stock apps and reconfigures the phone to use stock apps . when i that , even though the phone booted , i couldn´t access anything , because launchers also control the appdrawer . my phone was literally blank , although if was working . the problem is , if you factory reset , the settings that control your usb connection as modem or pda go back to its original settings . as mine did . so i couldn´t get to anywhere on my phone and couldn´t get my computer to recognize the phone . until i flashed it via odin ( after a 7 hour desperation overnight , and finding some miracle samsung usb x64 drivers for mobile phones on a forum ) the phone was in effect soft bricked . if you remove anything from this list and have problems , you can factory reset or prepare you contacts and apps for a flashing via odin . if you delete however , you won´t even be able to prepare yourself or backup anything . i wish this upon no one , so i advise keeping this , just to be on the safe side . touchwizcalculator . apk -- yes . calculator app , although can be removed , it´s pretty cool and functional . touchwizcalendar . apk -- yes . calendar app , although can be removed , it´s pretty cool and functional . touchwizcalendarprovider . apk -- no . this has something to do with calendar sync and seems to be the connection between the calendar app and the phone´s internal calendar and date settings . ttsservice . apk -- yes . see picotts . apk twwallpaperchooser . apk -- yes . wallpaper chooser . if you have 3dgallery or quickpic installed , you can use those to set wallpaper , even though there are some wallpapers ( internal to this apk ) you won´t get . unaservice . apk -- ? . i have no idea what this is , and so doesn´t insanity . userdictionaryprovider . apk -- yes . you know when you add new words , like names and nicknames to your keyboard prediction ? this is where those are kept . delete this and you´ll have to write like the english academy of words wants you to write . lolz and wtf won´t be recognized as words and you´ll have to write them out everytime you write them , rather than it being available to you via prediction . vending . apk -- no . part of the android market . actually this is the market . videoplayer . apk -- yes . video player . do as you wish . voicedialer . apk -- yes . allows you to dial by speaking someone´s name . most people´s names when i say them , tend to return something entirely different from what i was looking for . sometimes though , it surprises . for some reason this sometimes doesn´t work if you don´t have mobile internet activated , making me believe this actually sends via internet the recording , and an algorith somewhere in the google empire sends the decodification back . . . very ineffective . voicerecorder . apk -- yes . allows you to record your voice . some people complain the quality is too low , however i use this as a notepad , rather than writing my to-do list , i speak them . much faster and much easier . don´t see why something such as this would need audiophile levels of quality . vpnservices . apk -- yes . vpn for android . perhaps gmote or applications that allow you to control your phone via pc desktop might require this . i don´t , so i delete it , and it doesn´t break anything . wipereceiver . apk -- yes . remember mobile tracker ? this is the apk that lets you wipe your data remotely . wlantest . apk -- yes . tests wireless settings , via the same test menu mentioned on the above test apks . required for ota updates . writeandgo . apk -- yes . write and go application . wssomacp . apk -- no . required for sms messaging . wssyncmlnps . apk -- yes . this is over the air programming . what this does is if your provider decides it has a better way to configure your device or alterations to do to improve something , they´ll send you a message telling to dial such and such number . your phone will go into download mode and somethings will be updated . my carrier never has done such things , and really i trust the guys from xda to configure my phone way better than my carrier . i usually remove this . youtube . apk -- yes . since android has limited flash support , this application allows you to take the full youtube experience , rather than having to access youtube through the browser . delete it if you don´t watch videos . source : xda
i do not think that the galaxy tab 4 does have a vibrator motor , in that case it would be impossible to activate haptic feedback .
actually , i just purchased a galaxy tab 4 and the google keyboard when installed and configured to do so will provide a noticeable haptic feedback . the device does have a vibration motor but i can not find a setting to activate haptic feedback for the built in samsung softkeys either ( back and window change ) .
when connected to lte , the phone is also separately connected to the gsm network for voice . voice does not go over lte so switching your data to wcdma ( hspa ) will not make any difference in the quality of voice calls , unless you are using voip calling . there is not much you can do to boost the signal other than not using a case or if you do , stick to a thin tpu case that is just colored ( ie no carbon fiber or chrome or wood or metal ) . if it is at your home , you may be able to see if your carrier offers a network extender . the network extender plugs into your home internet and emulates a small cell tower in your house .
no , that " fooling " needs deeper access into the system , and thus requires root . but apart from that , i would recommend trying it with a different card . important : not the same brand and size and class ; try e.g. a card from a different manufacturer switch between classes ( class-6 is good enough , it does not have to be class-10 ) there are several incompatibilites reported here and there , and in most cases a card from a different brand worked fine . maybe you can borrow some from friends if you cannot effort to buy a bunch . i always buy microsd with sd adapter , so in case of incompatibility i can use it in my camera or other devices , and the buy was no loss in any case .
this is usually caused by plugging the usb cable into a usb 1.0 port on your pc instead of a usb 2.0 or usb-superspeed port . although they all look the same , and the usb protocol is backwards-compatible , usb 1.0 is much slower , and most pcs tend to have both varieties . try plugging the usb cable into a different usb socket on your pc .
i do not think the stock app will let you change the channel but it looks like other tethering apps will . try wireless tether for root users : features : . . . - ) settings for wifi-ssid , wifi-channel , " lan"-network and more .
changing the channel while creating a wireless hotspot is possible only after firmware modifications . however barnacle wifi tether reportedly does the job . it is open source .
go to your settings -> applications -> manage applications . select the ' all ' tab and scroll to the current dialer app . scroll down and press the ' clear defaults ' button . now when you select dial , you should be prompted to select a particular app and also have the opportunity to set a new default .
someone over at the xda forums already discovered how to do that . see link to the thread below . i strongly advise to follow this guide only if you know your way around the procedures mentioned ( repacking and zipaligning an apk file , file system operations with root permissions ) and would not mind jumping through several hoops to recover your device if the process fails . xda thread - [ guide ] changing kindle wallpapers !
you can use quickpic plus es file manger to customize the kindle fire wallpaper . both are free . the key point is actually that the kindle fire system will restore the default wallpaper by default . that is why es file manager is indispensible . details about how to change wallpaper on kindle fire .
the free app , my kindle wallpaper does this simply and easily , no root required . d/l and install it , and point it at a photo or a folder full ( on the kf , not on the net ) , and get your favorite background photo or cycle through several ( one per wake-up , the way the stock software does ) . works perfectly on my original kf with kf v6.3.1 . ( i know it is a year later but this works , no f**ting around , nothing to break . it is literally a download and go . kudos to the author ! )
i doubt it , since it is proprietary ; android by default only supports these codecs . it is not required for the speakers to work though , as far as i can tell .
if you do not want to/can not install the market on your tablet , you can download the . apk file for an app either directly from a website on your tablet or download it on your pc and then transfer it to your tablet . after that you can use any file manager to navigate to the apk and then click on it to install it ( you have to have third party app installation turned on ) . i usually get my apks at android community for devs
i do not know of an app that shows just the non-game apps , but i thought i would weigh in since you have not received any answers yet . the best approach depends on what you are trying to accomplish . if you are looking for new apps to download , the featured apps are not often games ( since they are covered in their own page ) . if you are browsing for apps , you could do it by category .
how can i make my phone not fill up my phone agenda with my email contacts ? you can set it to only display contacts with phone numbers if that helps . in the contacts app , check the option : menu-> display options-> only contacts with phones
i am not sure how this works on morotola defy ( moto is known to replace the stock apps with their own versions ) , but in standard android installation ( 2.1 and above ) you can pick which groups are displayed in the dialer/contacts apps . launch the contacts app , then go to menu -> display options . under the " choose contacts to display " section , expand your google account and you should be able to un-check any group , which will hide its contacts .
my motorola droid 2 ( vzw ) has a similar problem . my contacts menu has a " display group " option . this shows several options : create a new group all contacts favorites user created groups facebook contacts google contacts phone contacts as you can see there is no way to specify google contacts that are not " other contacts " except to create my own groups . unfortunately whatever group i show does not become the default group that shows every time i open contacts . i have decided to solve the problem just by using workarounds . for the couple people i call the most i have widgets on the home screen to call that specific person . ( long press home screen -> motorola widgets -> contact quick tasks ) for the next tier of people ( i will call them more than once in a while ) i just use favorites . either long press home screen -> shortcuts -> dialer -> favorites . . . or just hit the call button and choose the favorites tab . when i have to resort to the full contacts listing i just start typing the person 's name and that narrows the list to a manageable size .
you have lost the efs file that contains the serial number
this looks like you have a tablet with sim lock . you have to unlock your tablet to use another sim card ( or a sim card from another provider ) . you have to contact the provider which has sold the tablet for the first time .
no more unwanted unlock screen . something might have been wrong with the firmware .
if you like it the phone is rootable via vroot . i have tested it for myself and it works . just remember to replace the super user app with an english one after rooting . sorry i forgot the link . here it is http://vrootdownload.info/vroot.zip if adb drivers bothers you , use pda net http://pdanet.co/a/ sorry again one more thing , i honestly do not think that erodov . com method works . i failed to get it right on any device , but that trick of editing system files without root is great for changing the boot animation or installing sinhala fonts without busting the warranty
steps taken from http://www.erodov.com/forums/how-root-any-android-device-manually/43325-page2.html . many thanks to the author of that post . to verify adb is properly installed and that your device is recognized run adb devices  copy busybox , su , superuser . apk to /data/local/tmp/ using adb . these files are available in the superoneclick zip file . copy the needed files to the phone using the following commands adb push busybox /data/local/tmp adb push su /data/local/tmp adb push Superuser.apk /data/local/tmp  run adb shell adb shell  set the permissions to the copied files chmod 6755 /data/local/tmp/su chmod 755 /data/local/tmp/busybox chmod 644 /data/local/tmp/Superuser.apk  turn off your android device using the power button . now you need to reboot your computer into a linux distro which has a file manager . when you have booted into linux , open up terminal and open the file browser as root . now put your android device into download mode . for innos a35 press and hold the volume up and down keys at the same time for a while ( 5 seconds ? ) and while holding them plug in the phone to the usb port of the computer . now , a few drives will be detected from your phone and shown in the computer . this means you are in download mode . navigate to the folder where you copied files to the phone and verify that you have the files you sent to the device viz . su , busybox and superuser . apk move/cut-paste su and busybox to /bin/ move/cut-paste superuser . apk to /app/ now pull out the battery from your android device . now simply turn on your device . you must now have root . verify by running : adb shell su  read more : http://www.erodov.com/forums/how-root-any-android-device-manually/43325-page2.html#ixzz2s5wct78x
the folders are already there , by default your inbox is shown , while inside your inbox , choose menu => folders and you will see a list of all your corporate folders . pick one to switch to viewing it .
you could use manual intent shortcuts . it offers to add a custom launcher widget that sends intents defined by you . to launch the voicesearch settings window , do the following : add a new " manual intents shortcut " widget to your home screen enter a name action = " android . intent . action . main " component package = " com . google . android . voicesearch " component class ( fqdn ) = " com . google . android . voicesearch . voicesearchpreferences " leave all other fields empty , uncheck " broadcast " you now have a shortcut to the settings window you want . ps : i used apktool to inspect the androidmanifest . xml in voicesearch . apk ( system app , you need root to access it ) which lists this activity .
another possibility : gesture search it searches contacts , apps , bookmarks , files , and settings . by the time you scrawl out V O I you should probably see the voice setting you need .
yes , it is possible to add a shortcut to a settings menu , but probably not as " deep " as you had like . long-press on a screen and select " shortcut " in the menu that pops up . then choose " settings " and then the settings menu you want .
the app any cut allows you to create home shortcuts to anything !
tried desktop virtualizer app , to create your own custom shortcut ?
i do not think gingerbread has a built in gmail widget but take a look on the google play store . i found an example : " gmail inbox widget " that is compatible with gingerbread and there may be others . you could set up gmail in the default mail app and use it is widget but that sounds like a horrible work around to me . aqua mail - email app says it is compatible with 2.1 and up . i think this would be the same as using the default mail client on your phone ( setting up gmail in the app and using it as an email client ) but it does have an email widget . email widget looks like it will do what you want but it is not free . check to make sure it is compatible with your version of gmail before buying .
if you want to install whatsapp on a new phone , you have to make a backup on the old phone , then copy the whatsapp directory on the new phone , install whatsapp and when prompted choose to recover from existing backup . when you start the app for the first time the directory with the backup must already be there , otherwise you will not be prompted to recover .
yes . whatsapp messenger offers backup and restore options . you can backup your chats to an encryted file ( now * . db . crypt5 ) or restore chats from backup file back to your android . but restoring history from a backup would wipe your current chats with those in the backup . if you want to switch history from old phone ( backup file ) to a new phone , try a 3rd party tool named backuptrans android whatsapp transfer . it provides a simple way to merge chats between android phones . good luck !
finally , i was able to update the watch . this error persisted while i was staying in 3g-zone of local operator - unite ( moldova ) . ( i tried both - sharing 3g connection from the android phone and sharing 3g connection from router , in both cases update was failed with stacktrace above ) . as soon as i moved home to the fixed ethernet network i was able to proceed with update . in the same time , it was quite hard to proceed with installing update after it was actually downloaded . the " yes " button in the prompt " do i want to install update " was clickable , but there happened nothing on click . finally , after restarting and unknown action from me i was able to make update . i am happy now . : ) so , try to move to other internet provider and try to update there .
i had the same problem , but found out that disabling handle http in the ebookdroid settings fixes the issue .
since ebookdroid is open source , i took a quick glance at the androidmanifest . xml , the pertinent information is this part , between lines 24 and 33: the keyword ( s ) is in the intent filter 's category android.intent.category.BROWSABLE and the android:scheme="http" with both of these , the app " listens " on the http/https both web , plain and secure and among others such as smb for samba file shares , etc , for the content links that contains the pdf , djvu and others , identified by the lines between 35 and 43: this will explain why the app hijacks any browser downloads and thusly that automatically opens all pdf links instead of letting me download them why not post an issue on the same site to let the developer know about this ?
try checking the " drafts " folder on both your phone and via the web interface for gmail ; if it is in there , you can just delete it .
try checking the " drafts " folder on both your phone and via the web interface for gmail ; if it is in there , you can just delete it . failing that , a reboot may clear things out . if not , try clearing the app 's cache manually by going in to Settings-&gt;Applications-&gt;Manage Applications , touching the All tab , and scrolling down to the name of your email program . touch it to call up the app management tools , and then touch the Clear cache button . do not touch the Clear data button or it will delete all your account settings , too .
ah , cripes . i do not know what on earth put this .nomedia file on the root of my sd card . problem fixed .
if your network is correctly setup , and both devices are on the same network then you can ping an android device just fine . i have just tested it on my office network . if your network administrator has configured the network such that devices can not ping each other , then obviously it will not work . similarly , it probably will not work if your phone is on mobile data , since most carriers do not allow incoming pings to devices on their network . connecting the device with usb makes no difference at all : pinging is a network operation , so it goes over the network connecting the two devices .
adbwireless is a great debugging tool if you can not use the usb port . it requires a rooted device . connect with adb as shown on screen and use adb as usuallty . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=siir.es.adbwirelesshl=en
please note that this answer is more of a workaround than a direct solution . see my other answer for a suggested direct solution ( it basically says " try rebooting " , though ) . since you are on the stock launcher ( which , if i recall correctly , does not allow you to remove that search bar ) , the best answer i can think of is to try installing an alternative launcher . i personally use nova launcher ( the $4 " prime " version actually ) . after installing the new launcher , most ( nova included ) will give you an option to import your old icon layout if you want to . but by default , you are basically given a clean slate . i usually recommend nova because it nearly mimics the default launcher ( no crazy features or surprises ) and adds a few nice features - my favorite is that it has an " uninstall " drag-area that lets you uninstall an app without going to its settings/info page . other alternatives that i have played with include . . . go launcher , [ free , optional $6 upgrade ] supports countless themes and skins , but has a somewhat different look and behavior compared to stock . adw launcher , [ free , optional $3 upgrade ] one of the most mature custom launchers available . it is closer to the standard launcher than go is , and supports a huge number of themes , icon packs , etc . next launcher , [ free trial , full app is $16 ! ] a very different launcher with 3d effects and such . the full version is pretty expensive , but i guess it would be fun to show off to friends and such ( i do not know how user-friendly it actually is ) . espier launcher [ free , $8 upgrade for the new ios style ] is a launcher that tries to mimic ios 's springboard , and succeeds to a surprising extent .
note that my other answer is more of a workaround ( but also something recommended by many even without problems ) that is almost guranteed to fix the problem . this is a direct fix which will most likely work , but i can not say that with absolute certainty as i can not recreate the situation myself . after some googling , i have noticed that your icon ( as you point out already ) is off-center and missing its text label . rather than the icon itself being stuck , it looks like what you are seeing is a stuck graphical artifact . this has happened to a few other users on other forums , and rebooting the device seems to be a fix for them . whether this works for you or not , i am posting it as an answer for the sake of future internet travelers who stumble upon this question .
i do not own a galaxy s2 . however , i can tell you some steps that you can try . so let me know how it helps . it will be like trial and error . please tell me what happens when you try this , i will accordingly update the answer . so first things first , i think it is a problem related to getting ip address . so first , try changing ip address manually . here 's a youtube video that will guide you in doing this . ( not my video ) try it and see how it helps .
i think it is kind of a caching ip address error . if you have been connected before the phone does not try to obtain an ip address because the one it got before is still assigned by the network . what usually works for me is to connect to another network . i have plenty of open networks around where i live . this will make the phone to obtain a new ip address for the new network and delete the old one . now simply connect to your network again and the phone will try to obtain a new ip address and will actually communicate with the dhcp . worked for my galaxy s2 . hope it will help you too .
thanks a lot . this fixed it for me too . goto : Settings --&gt; Applications --&gt; All --&gt; Software Update . clear all the data and restart the device , this should work without trouble .
in case of smartphones i would be more worried about the physical security than malware . it is essential to have an application that allows you to locate the phone or at least remotely wipe all the data in case of robbery ( or when you simply forget it ) . i use wavesecure for that , but i am sure there are other alternatives ( feel free to add them in comments ) .
1 . do these applications runs all the time in the background also when i am not connected to wap or wifi ? that depends on the specific security application . 2 . in case you recommend to have such apps , which applications do you prefer ? i prefer being cautious in what i install , rather than having big brother watching over me . as a linux-based system , android have a very strong security base and the android framework on top of of it is very paranoid about security . android is -- for all practical purpose -- impermeable to worm-type virus . however , like any unix system , android does not protect you from you taking a gun and shooting your own foot . if you tell android to trust an application , android will trust the application ; if you give trust to the wrong application , do not blame the system for it . 3 . is it true that the more application i use i can mess up the whole android system like the registery in ordinary computers ) and it can lead to the whole device to malfunction or to be more slow ( like ordinary computer ) ? if you are installing many applications that starts background services , then yes , it can slow down the system . applications that are not running does not affect the speed of the system . 4 . according to question 3: what can i do to secure my system ? do i have some option to restore the whole android system if it will get massed up and bugy in the future . there is a bunch . there is a factory reset on Settings &gt; Privacy &gt; Factory data reset . if you buy the phone from your carrier , they usually can reflash your phone with original rom . on rooted phones , you can make a nandroid backup . on custom roms , you can make a clockworkmod recovery backup . on many phones you can download and flash 3rd party or leaked original roms by yourself .
try call stats https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.movinapp.calls there are other similar apps on google play .
yes , you do need to install a custom recovery in order to install cyanogenmod .
in order to install most any rom , you need to install custom recovery first . i assume by asking this question , you may also be wondering why . flashing a new rom or recovery happens before android is running . basically , when you are rooting your device you are getting root permission , which is full access to your android os . truly administrative privilages , and only you can limit/extend your own rules . this is much like linux , ubuntu and any other linux-based operating system , though when we talk about android it is a different story . [ sort of , but in a similar respect . android is linux . ] why you need custom recovery : the main advantage of creating a custom recovery is to provide a way to reset an android device when it may be impossible to boot into it . in addition , it is an environment separate from android that allows diagnostic updates , and the ability to perform factory resets . you can use odin to root your device , it is easiest in my opinion .
apparently , google now uses the " my calendars " section of google calendars . when my wife 's calendar was shared with me , i was granted " make changes and manage sharing " rights . this puts the calendar into " my calendars " for both users ' calendars . when i changed it to " make changes to events " on my wife 's sharing tab , the calendar moves from " my calendars " to " other calendars " for my account and i no longer get notifications in google now for that calendar .
instead of synchronizing her calendar to your phone , try setting her calendar " shared " and then subscribing to it from your own google calendar . when you subscribe , i believe you can set it to not pull in the reminders .
the now ( almost ) obsolete launcherpro supports this feature .
on the forum of xda developers , an unofficial version of lbe is available . it works very well on 4.1.1 and 4.1.1 , at least on my galaxy nexus , and people on the forum are enthusiastic about it too . many people are using it . i appears to be the chinese version , which is still under active development and up to date , but translated by volunteers on xda . highly recommended . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1422479
as the " what is new " section says it is been updated for jelly bean , this looks promising : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.stericson.permissionshl=en i have never tried it , but assuming you are rooted , this guy 's apps are usually good .
if your previous device was setup to backup your personal data such as wifi passwords , browser bookmarks , user dictionary , a list of installed market applications and other customized settings , all is backed up to google 's servers . the automatic restore feature must be enabled to allow your phone to contact google 's servers an retrieve the previous backup data . so , carefully , access the settings panel by : stating at your home screen , select apps ; select settings ; go to personal section , select backup and reset ; from the backup and restore section configure what you need : ensure the appropriate account is selected from the backup account field before attempting any configuration settings . some important considerations : a setting is enabled when a check mark is present . if data back up is disabled , existing backups are deleted from google 's servers . useful and related reading : backup and restore service : android google backup and restore options - galaxy nexus by samsung
i found this page on google 's support site which states the following about restoring your phone 's settings during the initial setup : " important : if you want to restore your settings , you must do that now during setup . you can’t restore data after setup is complete . " based on this , i am guessing there is no way to restore my account data at this point , short of doing a factory reset on the phone and starting over ( undesirable at this point ) . i would love to be wrong though .
i just had a look and found several apps that i would never installed because they were pre-installed on one of my devices . i think that these may be apps that came with one device or another , but that you never noticed or made use of . in my ' other apps ' , i can see several pre-installed apps that i have disabled on my acer tablet . i suspect you are seeing the same thing , but that you paid even less attention to the pre-installed stuff than i did .
the little arrow with the - means that you have status bar notifications disabled , which is why you are no longer seeing them . if you pull down the notification shade and then swipe the buttons to the right ( i believe it is to the right anyway , check both directions ) there should be a toggle to re-enable them :
i have noticed that a few random photos will not display even when selecting them using different browsers in mobile mode . but reload using desktop setting and all fb photos display fine . i have removed both fb messenger and fb app due to them being so flaky . there is more stable ways to use fb on android . my new android rule is not to use an app where a browser can perform the same task , sometimes less convenient but always more reliable .
you may want to take your picture first , then upload it to facebook via the share button in the gallery app .
from a couple of days a noticed too , that some pictures from facebook are not shown . if i login later they will show up , but other pictures will not . i saw a news that they made some changes to photos infrastructure so it is possible to be a temporary outage until they consolidate the new changes on all servers .
try deleting it from your google contacts . if it is not in your google contacts , it probably came from another source , like facebook or twitter . you should also be able to hide contacts that do not have a phone number , so as a last ditch effort , that may be good enough for you .
google has released google calendar as separate app officially on google play .
i have found a slightly modified , adapted version on google play that works well : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.concentriclivers.calendar
the easiest way to do this is probably to use titanium backup . if you long press on a system app in the list it will give you the option to " convert to user app " . conversely , you can long press on a user app and " convert to system app " as well . note , though , that some system apps will not function well as user apps because their permissions may be restricted . most of the apps you seem to be considering specifically will probably not have issues , i would imagine , though google talk actually might since it is somewhat tied into the market ( not sure ) . further , titanium will allow you to directly uninstall a system app if you want to , without having to first convert it to a user app . all of the above requires that you have rooted your phone .
simplest thing is to open each app ( even if it says " installed" ) and install each one .
have a look at qemu . apparently it is known to run on arm . running xp ( if it even works ) is probably not going to be a pleasant experience due to what is noted by chris herbert and the probable lack of a screen/pointer driver . if you really want to do it maybe wait for the intel atom ( x86 ) based tablets . there should be some atom based windows 8 tablets about now . the androids are coming soon .
virtualbox uses virtualization , which is not possible when the host device ( android tablet ) uses a different cpu architecture than the guest device ( x86 pc running windows xp ) . since your android tablet almost certainly has an arm cpu , the x86 cpu would have to be emulated , which is massively slower than virtualization . it does not seem like it would be practical at all .
basically , it is saying that the app could potentially steal your information , as it is a keyboard and therefore processes what you type . for instance , if you typed your password in and it was malicious , it could potentially record that ( and everything else you type ) . of course , you could trust google would not do that . . . android is simply reminding you of the risk . the faq for the hacker 's keyboard addresses this : http://code.google.com/p/hackerskeyboard/wiki/frequentlyaskedquestions#why_is_there_a_security_warning_when_i_activate_it ? the warning can be found in the android source ( see line ~2687 ) : https://android.googlesource.com/platform/packages/apps/settings/+/8272edba7d10b508cbbedfce5504862da6ec9acd/res/values/strings.xml
please do not use the visionary method . you may brick your phones . if you are currently on gingerbread then use this guide by setherio to downgrade to froyo after which the phone can be rooted . you may also use the pdf available in the above link to do the same along with rooting your device . if you already happen to be on froyo with software version 1.3x then you can use the pdf to root your phone .
a quick google search returns these two methods . i would recommend the manual method . it is more complicated , but gives you a " better " root ( s-off , sim-unlock , supercid ) .
it does not make the app use external storage . the built-in move to sd functionality only moves the application package file itself to the external storage . if you want the app to not use the internal storage you will need to root ( and possibly install a custom rom . ) depending on your rom you will have several options to do what you want but virtually all of them require you to partition your sdcard in a special way ( usually the custom recovery can handle this . )
an option for you might be the silent mode widget . it puts a widget on your homescreen to silence / restore your volume settings with a single tap . ( i have not tried this app . there also appear to be several other similar apps that you might try instead . )
there are several ways to get your volume levels back . personally i like to use the ifttt app to set my ringer volume to maximum when i connect to my home wifi . ( recipe ) if you want to fix your volume at a specific time , say , you can create a new recipe using the date and time channel .
it is possible , there are apps available that are designed for enterprise use such as surelock and mobicontrol ( go to device lockdown policy on this page ) that will restrict users to allowed applications only .
yes , these apps are called " device administrators " . you use the device administration api to write device admin applications that users install on their devices . the device admin application enforces the desired policies . a system administrator writes a device admin application that enforces remote/local device security policies . these policies could be hard-coded into the app , or the application could dynamically fetch policies from a third-party server .
the root method in the link is not compatible with android 4.0.4 . before you root - be sure you know what you are doing . to root the lucid 4g on 4.0.4 you can try the following method : http://theunlockr.com/2013/06/16/how-to-root-the-lg-lucid-4g-bin4ry-method/ but choose " xperia root by cubeundcube " instead of " normal mode "
android_id is stored in the settings database and will be deleted by a factory reset . as far as i know most apps are tied to your google account and not to your android_id . ( although i know at least one app which tied to your android_id )
yes . f-secure freedome ( a vpn client ) is running on my note 2 . i have note 2 tethered to an ubuntu machine and an android tablet . my tablet and laptop post a germany ip address , while i am on the other side of the ocean . make sure that your data plan allows tethering . make sure that you are on the cell network . however , usb tether to wifi vpn on the phone works a bit better . i keep my connection dropped when going all over over the air . depending on your flavor of android your mileage may vary note 2 and the tablet are running 4.4 ( cm 11 nightlies ) , ubuntu is on 14.04 .
unfortunately the stock android tethering application does not work with vpns . this limitation is an oversight in the software and not a system limitation . however there is an application called clockworkmod tether that will allow you to tether and use a vpn at the same time . in fact it makes use of the standard tethering application and then fixes up the routing information to make it work . this application does not require you to root your phone but you do need to run software on the computer that you wish to connect to your phone . also this only works for usb tethering at the moment . there are other alternatives to clockworkmod tether , if you wish to try them , including pdanet . hope it could help
accuweather has two apps that give you " realfeel " - accuweather and accuweather quick .
you can do this with adb ( android debug bridge ) . enable " usb debugging " on the phone ( settings > applications > development > usb debugging ) type adb reboot in a terminal in the directory where you installed adb platform-tools
hold the power button down until it shuts off . pull the battery out .
i have not faced such a issue with my gnex yet ( running stock android 4.2.2 ) the orientation of the settings also depend on the orientation is set . suppose he wants to take a photo in portrait , ask him to take the phone in portrait mode and then make the setting as portrait mode .
try clearing the app data and clearing the cache . to do this , go to the app view , open the menu , " manage apps " , choose " apollo " , " clear data " , and " clear cache " . this method worked for me .
apollo could be running a background service . the crash might be happening because of some broken code . this can be fixed with a fresh install try the links here : apollo
some videos on youtube are not available to mobile devices . this restriction applies via the website ( when accessed through a mobile device ) as well as the youtube app . this happens when someone has filed a " copyright claim " against a video ( that is , they believe the video infringes their copyright , or " content id " matched the video against some copyrighted content , most likely the latter given that you are searching for a commercial music recording ) , and the alleged copyright-holder has told youtube to allow their content to be used on desktops but not on mobile . even if it is possible to work around this , it would probably be illegal for us to make this information available to us citizens , because that is circumventing a technological restriction under the meaning of the dmca . this applies regardless of whether the copyright claim is well-founded . you can get the actual song by buying a recording of it , or by downloading it through some music-pirating service .
this is an exert from a guide to manually install android 4.2 takju on non-yakju galaxy nexus written 14th nov . 2012 available at : http://webtrickz.com/guide-to-manually-install-android-4-2-takju-on-non-yakju-galaxy-nexus/ following the availability of nexus 4 and nexus 10 , google has begun the rollout of android 4.2 jelly bean ota update for galaxy nexus and nexus 7 as well . android 4.2 is currently available only for takju variant of gsm/hspa+ galaxy nexus and luckily google has also released the android 4.2 factory image for takju galaxy nexus . apparently , non-yakju galaxy nexus users wont receive this new update anytime soon as their phone is updated by samsung whereas yakju and takju firmware are updated directly by google . however , users with adequate technical know-how can easily convert their non-yakju ( yakjuxw , yakjuux , yakjusc , yakjuzs , yakjudv , yakjukr and yakjujp ) device to takju to receive prompt future ota updates from google . the above link will take you through the various steps needed to achieve what you desire ( inc . video tutorial for step 3 ) . so yes you can install takju rom on unit with yakjuxw .
the answer is yes , you can install a takju rom on a yakjuxw device . for that matter , you can also install a yakju rom , or one of many other custom galaxy nexus roms ( e . g . cyanogenmod ) on a device that originally had yakjuxw . i have personally flashed both yakju and takju roms on my galaxy nexus , which originally had a yakjux ( canada ) rom . the only possible issue is that flashing a new rom may erase user data from the sd card ( pictures , sms messages , wifi information , etc . ) . so you may want to back up your data before flashing .
okay . . . this is a common problem with an easy solution . . . . so first of all you need to make sure you do nothave any firewall , driodwall app cause they block the media server which is heavily needed by youtube . secondly if your problem is not solved try installing the latest flash player . also , if you are on wifi , go to the settings of the wifi you are connected to , open up the settings , advanced settings , and then i . p settings then select dhcp . if you are on data go to the settings and try ticking/unticking the apns on the wap of your operators . . . .
i believe it is for displaying photos , videos , etc . uploaded by the contact on facebook , twitter , et al . edit : confirmed , it shows facebook photos uploaded by my contacts from facebook .
my further investigation indicates that the nexus 4 toolkit is not the best one to use - in fact it does not seem to work at all with 4.2.2 . instead , the nexus root toolkit seems to work well with 4.2.2 and is basically a one-click installer . download from the linked page and run it ; it will do the rest by itself and/or give you simple instructions when needed . update : i have just completed the rooting process with this tool . worked well and was simple enough . note that after completing the process , i had to download and install the Superuser app from the play store - this step was not completely evident , but simple to do .
you can have a look at servers ultimate on play . the ssh server itself works on all devices and command line works on arm and x86 . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.icecoldapps.serversultimate
go to settings-> about phone -> status and scroll to bottom and you will be able to see uptime . i think this feature is available on android 4+
try typing this code in your dialer : ##786# or *#*#786#*#* if that does not work , install " launcher pro " . that app can show you hidden menus of your phone , which are the same menus that those two dialer codes should bring up .
you might want to take a look at sd maid . this app requires root for full functionality . this " cleaning made " takes care for multiple remains : a " corpse finder " checks for what an uninstalled app might have left , the " system cleaner " scans the devices known directories with unnecessary files . you can check for the biggest files on your device to free up space , and even optimize and shrink bloated databases to speed up access and free space . the app includes a file manager , and also allows you to search for files . sd maid corpse finder and system cleaner ( source : google play ; click images for larger variant ) edit : for more details and discussion , you might want to visit the app 's thread at xda : )
i think this is more than enough . flashing your rom again should be more than sufficient . this not only allows fresh installations of any old apps to prevent spyware , but also dormant any other app data from existing apps to be largely overwritten or deemed as corpses . you can also perform a cleanup using sd maid just to be sure .
overview this is caused by the results screen . quizup will download each match question as a screenshot instead of rendering it on the client 's side . not only does this result in a lot of additional mobile data usage but it also takes up a lot of space on your device because all screenshots are cached . unfortunately there does not seem to be any limit to this caching and there is no way to turn it off from the app itself . fortunately there are two workarounds . workaround 1: clearing the screenshots cache manually navigate to /sdcard/Android/data/com.quizup.core/ on your file explorer of choice and delete the screenshots folder . this will only affect the screenshots cache . as oposed to clearing the app data from the apps menu all user data , e.g. your account and settings , will be preserved . workaround 2: disabling screenshot storage navigate to /sdcard/Android/data/com.quizup.core/ with your favorite file manager . delete the screenshots folder . then proceed to create a new empty file called screenshots . from now on no screenshots will be saved locally . they might still be retrieved and continue to cause high mobile data usage , though . the downside to this method : the match questions section on the result page will stop working . sources http://www.reddit.com/r/quizup/comments/2059bb/data_usage/
i think app suggestions are off-topic here . but you may want to try this quick dictionary app . . .
you should be able to invoke dictionary apps like goldendict or colordict by " sharing " to them :
unfortunately there is no way to delete this info . i have accounts that were added and deleted from my device more than 2 years ago but the controll panel still lists my device .
if you are using windows , usb should be your best bet . but several distros of linux does not support mtp protocol ( ics and above ) and hence , you can not mount your android to those computers . there are a number of methods which you can use for wireless file transfers . my favorites : install airdroid - this is a very simple app which converts your device into a lightweight web-server . after installation , connect your pc to your android over wifi hotspot or existing infrastructure wifi network . airdroid will give you a web address . just type it in your pc web browser and you would get a nice file management interface for your phone . use any ftp server for android ( like remote file management tool of es file explorer ) - the connectivity method is the same as mentioned above . here you can use ftp for file transfer over usb ( tethering mode ) or wifi ( hotspot mode ) . this is very handy if you are using ubuntu ( due to ftp client integration in nautilus ) . in ubuntu , press ctrl + l and type the ftp://:/ in file path . you should get full sd card mounted as network drive . i have been using the second method since past few months . since android wifi access point always gives the same ip , i have managed to put everything in a bash script to facilitate one click mount . bash script : #!/bin/sh nautilus ftp://&lt;device_ip&gt;:&lt;port_no&gt;/  do not forget to grant ' execute ' permission to your shell script ! sudo chmod 777 &lt;path_to_your_script&gt; 
email yourself the files . it is often the easiest solution .
when you connect your android phone to the windows pc you will get notification in notification in notification panel of android . tap on it and choose mobile device (MTP) to browse the contents of your phone both internal and external memory will be shown . the below link will give you a short description about it : http://blog.armazine.com/2012/how-to-change-from-mtp-to-mass-storage-mode-in-android-xperia-ray/
there are a lot of different ways to get files to/from computer to android device . here i would like to share three methods frequently used : 1 . transfer files using usb cable . 2 . wireless transfer using cloud storage . 3 . transfer files via wifi or mobile networks . the following is the detailed intro of these three ways . transfer files using usb cable the most direct and simplest way to transfer a file from your pc to android phone is using the usb cable . most of the phones we bought equip with a compatible cable , so there’s no need for you to buy one . just connect your pc and your android using the cable , and you will see there’s a message on the phone screen asking what do you want to do . choose the option that allows using the phone as a storage device , and you’re good to go . transferring file is as simple as copying the file from your pc to a usb drive . note : the exact format of the message varies , depending on the manufacturer or your telecom carrier of your android phone , but different roads lead to the same destination . wireless transfer using cloud storage cloud storage is famous for online collaboration and easily sharing data across multiple devices , like file servers , desktops and mobile devices . so using cloud storage to transfer files is also a convenient way . most of the big players , such as dropbox , google drive and skydrive , provide free spaces to users , which is big enough to transfer your commonly used files . all you have to do is to register a free account . and install the pc client and app for your android phone . each app designates a hard drive folder , and anything saved on your pc will be automatically synced to the cloud and other devices . transfer files via wifi or mobile networks some people may think connecting android device to pc with the usb cable is annoying , or using the cloud services is not reliable enough , here i will introduce you another method , using wifi . most people have wifi networks at their workplace or home , so it’s really convenient . there are lots of apps allow you to use the wifi to transfer files . let’s take one of them-wifi file transfer -for an example . all you have to do is type a specific url into the web browser of your computer , you can see your device’s internal memory and sd card , from where you can download any files to your computer , or upload files to your phone . contrast of the three ways the limit of wifi file transfer and cloud storage is the size of the file , the free version of these apps limit the file size . you can transfer the music , pictures , movies , word document , etc by above two ways . for files with large size , you can use the usb cable directly . 6 ways ( via network ) are here
i think there will probably no such thing . the reason is that it would be to hard for the keyboard to know when you are swiping over the space bar and when not . i know it sounds simple for you , but a lot of users will swipe over the space bar even though they want the buttons on the lower row . so there will need to be some recognition over when it should be the spacebar and when not . which is not that simple . and as an extra point , the lifting of your finger means the end of your word . this is rather useful information that can be used for the algorithm to determine the length of the word , and the words that would fit best . and when you know the length , you have very useful information to determine the word you were probably swiping . i guess it will take a rather intelligent keyboard for this to work . and by intelligent , i mean a keyboard that will have to do a lot of calculations for the prediction of the word ( because swiping is actually predicting words ) . and if you need a lot of calculations when you are typing , you will be draining the battery of your phone rather rapidly . and i do not think you want your battery to be drained because you were typing something .
your lifting the finger between words is a gesture . and i guess that is the fastest and easiest one without confusing the keyboard .
it is recent , but swiftkey flow does exactly this . it is currently in beta , but seems stable and robust . it is also an excellent alternative tap keyboard if the swype style is not for you .
try this jellybean new keyboard . it is fast enough . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1966456
Settings -&gt; Sync -&gt; Google : untick gmail . Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Gmail : clear data , uninstall updates , disable .
according to this thread , this is possible and it is as easy as adding the following line to /etc/vold.fstab: dev_mount sdcard /mnt/sdcard auto SDCARD=/dev/sda7  but i have not tried it myself .
after some months of additional observation , i am pretty certain that the accounts disappear when the free internal space gets low , usually when i am down to 12 mb or so . presumably , android tries to free up some internal space occupied by app data , and the accounts seem to be the first to go . due to the low internal storage , i have moved all apps to the external storage , so this might as well be a factor , as izzy mentions in the comments .
there is no tool with this feature . but it is possible to crop the picture in the gallery .
i will recommend dialer one . i am 99% sure it can show contacts without pictures . it has lots of customization options , t9 search in contacts in slew of different languages . i have 900+ contacts and is really fast , i hope it works that way for 2000 contacts . be sure to fiddle with the options after giving it a try .
go to settings > wireless and networks and uncheck aeroplane mode from there . if that does not work , remove the battery and sim card , wait 1 minute and re-insert sim + battery and restart .
the verizon gnex has nfc , it just does not have google wallet pre-installed . it is pretty trivial to sideload it , though , and it is worked just fine the 2 times i used it . another thing to note here is that the nfc antenna is actually on the battery , not in the device itself . this means that if you get an extended battery you need to make sure it has an nfc antenna in it as well , otherwise it will not work . the t-mobile usa and sprint versions have not actually been released yet , so i guess there is no guarantee on those at this point . sprint supported nfc and google wallet for the nexus s 4g , though , so i can not imagine they had stiff the gnex . for t-mobile you could just get the existing gsm version and it should work fine since it is pentaband hspa+ ( it should work on at and t for the same reason , though you would not get their lte service ) .
you can also use the photon browser . it has flash support built in . just downloaded it and tried it on a . swf and it worked great !
what is your android version ? i will assume you are using 4.1 or newer . the . swf extension is used by files played by adobe flash player . unfortunately , flash is not supported on android since 4.1 . you can try installing the flash player apk . the latest version is for 4.0/ics , but some people say it works on 4.1+/jb as well . remember : your mileage may vary ™ . additionally , chrome for android never supported flash - even with the apk installed . ( thanks to compro01 for confirming that ! ) so you will need to use a different browser . if you are not using android 4.1 or newer , please update your question with more information .
i had the same question , and found this app : battery changer . a couple of problems ( that i can overlook ) are : it does not show while the phone is locked it does not hide when another app is in full-screen mode
this xda forums thread sounds like what you are looking for . note that the apk has only been tested on froyo by the author . personally i use battery indicator pro , it can also tell you how much time is left on the battery for various usage scenarios .
you would need a custom rom to change the battery in the notification bar . that information , iirc , is in android . jar and the images are in framework-res . apk . cyanogenmod , for example , lets you remove the battery image for just the % of the battery remaining . the " other methods " are just " hacks " that change the image at every percentage level , and there has to be an image for each level . so it would need ~120 images ( to include the charging states ) . from the look of the picture you posted , you are already running a rom that has a battery mod . you would just now need to create the images you want , and modify the framework-res . apk with the new images . you may also want to go back through your older questions and mark them as answered . 25% accept rate will turn people away from even answering your question .
4.0.4 is currently the latest version , and updating your device does not make it any faster . try formatting your device as s duos is prone to lag after some use .
you can try opening it in an html editor like webmaster 's html editor lite . it has syntax highlighting , and a search function . it also as a pro version with additional features . if you do not like that , there are several other html editors in google play .
this is not possible . dropbox says : dropbox will not delete files from your mobile device after they are uploaded . the files on your camera , phone , tablet , or sd card will remain on your device until you remove them manually . to do this , you will need a third-party app , like dropsync .
i have made an app called vmg converter , you can get it from google play depending on your old phone , it might be able to import your messages from vmg files into android . the app is free .
dice player can go up to 1.8x .
mmmm . no . at least not that i know of . i tried vplayer , rockplayer , the stock player , implayer . none of that has control over the play speed . if i find out i get back to you .
i can do this nicely on n900 ( maemo 5 ) using mplayer , but nothing on the android side yet for fast playback of videos .
i had the same freezes and all vanished with this kasty firmware . i am so happy like i bought another tablet . go for it !
from the specs about your tablet on http://forum.xda-developers.com/wiki/pipo_m9_pro they look good . you should check how many apps that you have running at one time , too many apps running can slow down your device . you should check how many apps you have installed , and check that your storage is not completely full . i also believe that you do have a slow internal storage on that device . as far as linking everything to sd , there is a program called link2sd in google play . in order to use this , you will have to be rooted , as well as have a kernel that supports mounting an external partition . if you want to copy something to the card manually from a pc , you would need to find the microsd card slot , take out the micro sd and then plug it into a microsd to sd adapter , or a microsd to usb adapter . then you will be able to transfer files .
fastboot commands are for the bootloader , not recovery , so even if you send the commands from recovery , it would do no good since you would be in recovery , not the bootloader . according to all the information i could find about this " tablet , " including information from hp , indicates that there is no way to access fastboot since there is no usb port and hp does not make a dock-port to usb cable for the tablet . edit : apparently hp does have a cable for it , but it may be difficult to find and is not cheap .
no , there is no way to send a fastboot command from the device itself . when the device is in fastboot mode , it is a very dumb device and can not even give you a shell or turn on the wi-fi . the fastboot program is the only way to send it the command to unlock the bootloader .
the answer to your specific question is , unlikely . you can install an app that has an interface that you can communicate with . communicating with that interface can allow you to know . but other than that , it is unlikely . and you had have to have confirmation on the android to accept the manifest of the app 's requirement list . you may not be fully lost , however , google does have a feature by default that you might be able to track your phone even if you did not install an app . these are some requirement which most people normally have : try google 's android device manager .
go to google play on a computer and try to install an app . after pushing the install/installed button a popup will appear listing the permissions it requires and below that a drop down listing the devices you can install it on . click on the drop down . if it is currently installed it will say " your device already has this item installed " next to the device name . otherwise it will say the last time the device was used . i just tested this by installing an app and canceling it in the middle of the install , then re-installing it , then uninstalling it .
i will not answer the question itself , but the general question on how to find the stolen phone , and for sure the way you trying is not going to get you anywhere . in order to have a chance to find the stolen phone you should have already install any anti theft app like google 's android manager or cerberus or any similar app . of course these apps will work only if the thief has not already uninstalled them or reset the phone and installed a new rom .
try this - go to settings > wireless and networking > wi-fi settings . in this screen , press the menu button and then advanced . click wifi sleep policy and set it to never . hopefully , that will retain a connection to the wi-fi access point .
what is your android version ? if it is below 3 . x , then you could use the browser to download one of these apps : univeral androot ( desinged for android 2.2 ) z4root ( desinged for android 2.2 ) gingerbreak ( designed for android 2.3 . x ) if it is above 3 . x , then you cannot use this method , as google patched the method used in these cracks .
it seems that you have installed the wrong recovery and your devices is semi-bricked ( it is not over for him yet ) . you should : 1-download the correct firmware blob from the official asus site 2-boot your tablet into recovery and then type on a computer with the device connected adb reboot bootloader  3-your tablet should now receive fastboot commands even if it seems not on the tablet screen ( on the tablet the screen seems stuck ) 4-type all these commands one by one : if these commands do fail try this 4th step again also , refer to this great thread on xda
try this : 1 . copy a recovery which supports the android versin of the rom and put into sd card . 2 . boot into recovery . 3 . install the recovery . zip 4 . reboot recovery ( if cwm , this option is present under advanced ) . 5 . wipe data/factory reset 6 . wipe cache . 7 . install rom zip file 8 . reboot system . 9 . pray to the tech gods to let you pass this one time : ) ! all the best !
this is possible using adb shell : $ telnet localhost 5554 Android Console: type 'help' for a list of commands OK geo fix -82.411629 28.054553 OK  please read : stackexchange-url
sim contacts are not synced , neither are " phone " contacts . if you had used google contact , they would have been synced with your google/gmail account -- but then you would not have noticed their loss , as they would have been synced back to your new device . had you saved them as sim contacts , they had also be on your new device . which leaves us with the other non-synced variant : " phone contacts " . those are stored on device internal storage ( to be more precise : in a database file located in /data/data/com.google.android.providers.contacts/databases ) , which is not directly accessible by normal users , so you could not have simply copied it . conclusion : as these data are not stored in " my files " , you have not copied them . and as you have factory-reset the original device , you cannot simply restore them from there . so apart from a quite expensive forensics recovery ( done by a data recovery specialist ) from your old device , there is no way to recover those contacts , sorry .
it is possible to recover your contacts from your old galaxy s2 if the contacts are not overwritten by new files . a fact is that , the deleted files in your phone are still in your phone but hidden and inaccessible to you . that is why you cannot see them . to recover them , you need to use an android data recovery to enter the file system to extract the contacts . in the market there are many such software , try them , your contact may be back .
i have been trying to retrieve the wallpaper as well but found it too difficult . so to solve this i have create the app " wallpaper saver " . it automatically saves your wallpapers and makes it easy to restore an old wallpaper again . it also supports live wallpapers . it is free to use . you can download it from play : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=dk.alroe.apps.wallpapersaverfree
the wallpaper was in data/data/com.android.settings/files/  on previous versions of android . however it appears that it was moved as part of the multi-user preparations . the current location is data/system/users/0/  the file is conveniently called wallpaper and it is a png file .
there is no way to get at this activity other than through a settings shortcut . the code for it can be found here on github , and if you search the repository for the NotificationStation class you will find all the entry points for it : in this case , only the shortcut intent filter in the manifest . if you examine the code you will also see there is no way to remove old notifications from the list : as you can see in the screenshot , the greyed-out notifications are those you have dismissed from the ' normal ' notification tray . however , this class is mainly intended as a demo . android 4.3 adds support for any application ( with the appropriate permission ) to access and display the list of notifications . for example , a third-party launcher might want to show them , an app might want to show all notifications in a pop-up window ios-style , a live wallpaper or daydream could respond to them graphically , or a utility might analyse your phone use from the notifications ( something like tasker could trigger actions based on notifications appearing or being dismissed ) . because this is a new feature , and 4.3 is not on many devices yet , it'll be a while before third-party developers invest the time needed to offer these features , but you will not have to wait long .
safe mode you could try to boot your ace into " safe mode " , as described e.g. in the article safe mode on samsung galaxy ace : switch off the phone by pressing on the power button . turn the phone back on , while it is turning on press and hold the menu button . continue to hold the menu button until you see the home screen . on the home screen you see it say safe mode on the left hand corner . now that you are in safe mode you can go and remove any buggy apps that you do not want to keep . to exit safe mode after your cleanup : turn off the phone by pressing the power button . pull out the battery . wait for 30 seconds . put the battery back in . start up the device and see if the safe mode on the left hand corner has disappear . if it is not there then you have successfully started your phone in the standard mode . factory reset if that does not work out , there is always the factory reset . but be aware that this removes all your data plus the apps you installed yourself ! how to perform a factory reset on the ace is e.g. described at hard-reset . com : press and hold the home plus power buttons simultaneously , or try volume-up + home + power together . of course there is also a menu for this -- but as you wrote you have no longer access to your phone , above key combinations are the only things left working .
for terminal , you can use android terminal emulator ( ate ) . assuming you have copied something to the clipboard , you can long-press in the ate , and you will see a Paste command . there is also a Select text command .
your best be to view images on google glass would be to use the ' mirror-api ' methods to create an application that you can run on google glass .
you can not disable the pop-up alone , but there are some other options:- you can disable the spell-checker completely . if your keyboard already provides all the spell-check functionality you need , then this might be a good option for you . in language and input in the device settings , untick spell checker . this will disable the pop-up and the red underlining for misspelled words . you can change the language of the spell-checker . from language and input in the device settings , click the settings icon next to spell checker , then the globe icon on the next screen . you can only have one language at a time in the default spell-checker , so this might not be helpful . you can install a replacement spell-checker . android allows other apps to provide the spell-check functionality in place of the built-in spell-checker . a different spell-checker might allow you to have more than one language enabled . once you have installed the spell-checker , enable it from the same screen described in the above alternative . in case some visitors are confused about the diffrence between the keyboard and the spell-checker , see this screenshot , from the android developers ' site : the red underlining , and the vertical menu of suggested corrections , are both provided by the spell-checker . most soft-keyboards also include a list of suggested word completions , which are usually in a horizontal line above the keyboard . here you can see ":" and " ; " , and the rest are hidden by the spell-checker 's pop-up .
just a guess here , but the samsung s-view flip cover knows when the cover is attached and runs only the part of the screen that is veiwable in the small window . maybe it is the same for the nexus .
as you have found out , a hall sensor detects a magnetic field . it could be that in this case it is referring to a sensor for a magnetic cover , like those in the nexus 7 and nexus 10 . such sensors detect the proximity of a magnet embedded in the cover or case for the device , in order to automatically turn the screen off when the cover is closed . that would be unusual , as that kind of magnetic switch is usually a simple reed switch , which would not normally be described as a hall effect sensor . a hall sensor would give more data about the strength of the magnetic field , which could be used by software to detect the opening or closing of the case more reliably . however , i have not seen any claim that the nexus 5 has such a switch anyway , which is much less common on phones than tablets . another ( just as far-fetched ) guess is that it is related to the wireless charging capability . it could be that the hall sensor is specifically there to locate the wireless charging point in relation to the phone 's position .
i have had this in the past and been able to fix it by rebooting the device
while not directly answering your question the apps2sd app might be helpful here , not just to move apps from internal memory but for it is feature to clear the cache of all apps in one go . if you have installed a lot then it can be a bit of a chore to go into each and choose clear cache . this app allows you to do them all in one hit .
ota update went out already . you should have gotten it automatically . what does Settings |About phone | Version number say ? what about Build number ?
about phone -> system updates .
my samsung galaxy s ii has proxy settings enabled under settings > wireless and network > wifi settings > advanced i can set a proxy address and a port number . the proxy i am sitting behind requires authentication tho and i am having trouble finding these settings .
to modify the proxy settings in android 4 and samsung galaxy you should do this : go to settings / wifi . long-click on your network and select modify network . scroll down to show advanced options which should show you the proxy options .
try proxy settings , a free app that reveals the proxy settings button available in most stock roms .
according to this , you need an external app and you need to root the phone . some other solutions shared in a google code issue thread . update : using gesture search , i entered " proxy " and got to the proxy settings on my droid . do not know how to get there otherwise , and do not know if it actually works , but there you go . ( someone else mentioned it in that google thread . )
other than storing them in seperate locations and specifying where the files you want are or manually going into google music on your pc or phone and deleting them , no . but even if you delete them once the music manager catchs them missing and you havnt changed the folder it will reupload them at least it used to .
applications installed on sd card cannot run if you remove your sd card or you are turning on usb mass storage ( so it can be accessed from a computer ) . that is the only drawback i have been experiencing . i have actually seen performance improvement since moving to sd ; before i moved to sd i had exhausted the internal memory ( about a few kilobytes left ) and the phone lags quite badly . since moving to sd ( and therefore freeing some space in the internal memory ) , and the lag disappears .
taken straight from android developer site there is no effect on the application performance so long as the external storage is mounted on the device . the . apk file is saved on the external storage , but all private user data , databases , optimized . dex files , and extracted native code are saved on the internal device memory . the unique container in which your application is stored is encrypted with a randomly generated key that can be decrypted only by the device that originally installed it . thus , an application installed on an sd card works for only one device . the user can move your application to the internal storage through the system settings . also -> applications that should not install on external storage ( more details on android developer site ) services alarm services live wallpapers live folders app widgets account managers sync adapters device administrators broadcast receivers listening for " boot completed "
widgets will not work if they are on the sd card .
cyanogenmod 7.1 has exactly this feature , but without faking data , only failing , if the app accesses the api . proposition for faking the imei was rejected . faking other data , like contacts , is currently under discussion .
it is a logical solution for a potential problem and a long time irritation of mine . however , you must remember that whatever solutions are available for a security application would also be available for a malware app . if a security app could block net access then a malware app could block it also , stopping a security app from updating data files for instance . it needs to be done at the system level , not as another application . see my post here for my thoughts .
there is an ongoing research on this this subject . a non yet released proof of concept is implemented for some of the privacy sensitive apis exactly as i proposed . the privacy manager is called tissa , short for taming information-stealing smartphone applications .
a translated version of the chinese version of lbe is available on xda developers , and it works very well on jelly bean . apparently the chinese version is still actively developed . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1422479
xprivacy is a module for xposed framework which does exactly what you need . it is free and open source . works on rooted devices . download framework apk from here : http://repo.xposed.info/module/de.robv.android.xposed.installer module apk : http://repo.xposed.info/module/de.robv.android.xposed.installer source : https://github.com/m66b/xprivacy?mobile=0#xprivacy
this is no sandbox application , but perhaps it is also interesting for you , if you havn't already heard about it . some scientists startet the project taintdroid . realtime privacy monitory for android
i am fairly certain that tool that you seek does not exist yet . but your idea is great . few point though ; ofc ; app can freely read and write it is own app directory giving fake read acces : for every possible read ( and there is a lot app can try to read ) default response should be generate ; lot a work but doable however ; giving fake write access is lot harder ; what if it uses sd card to store big temp files ; like bitmaps . on unrooted phone ; only place app can write is sd card ; and using content provider ( for stuff like contacts , and calendar ) . and app desiger is not expecting to fail in writing data ; so app could crash . good thing is that the worst that could happen is that app might crash .
whisper systems has come out with a custom rom that has this exact feature : http://www.whispersys.com/permissions.html. as darthnoodles mentions , it has to be done at the system level rather than the app level , which is how it is implemented in whispercore . the current version is not able to block all of the permissions available on android , but they are working on supporting more of them .
there is an excellent tool pdroid . it is both an app and a set of rom patches , which enable intercepting and faking permission requests . here are the pdroid jellybean rom fork patches
there is an app shield application . it essentially repackages . apk with permissions removed from manifest . brilliant idea for stock , non rooted phones . subject to crashes ( force closes ) , though , as with current cyanogenmod approach .
not an absolute solution to your problem , but there is an app in the android market which caters to your needs . it also necessarily requires better knowledge about permissions and also a rooted device . permissions denied is an app which allows you to effectively control the permissions that apps which are installed onto your phone , via the market or some other source . also be aware that denying an app a permission that it is requesting may result in the app force closing . ( hence requiring you to have better knowledge on how to use it ) note : this app requires root access . this app will not work on all device .
lbe privacy guard appears to be a very promising solution with interactive features to block or allow application activity on the fly .
there is a privacy blocker ( paid ) and privacy inspector ( free ) applications . privacy blocker does a static analysis of applications for sensitive api calls and rewrites these calls into stub ones which return fake data . as a result a new . apk with rewritten application is generated and installed . privacy inspector is an app which only reports the use of sensitive api calls .
mockdroid is another academic firmware with data faking capabilities .
that is very odd . normally there should be no auto-update of the device software , and other updates will require a reboot . try the following : hold both volume buttons and the power button wait until the phone reboots , keep holding release the power button about 1 second after the white text with your phone model appears onscreen , keeping holding the volume buttons recovery mode should appear select " reinstall packages " or similar
the app only changes the settings , so it does not matter which gps code the rom has . all the custom roms i know of use gps code from samsung anyways . one note : this will fix very few people 's problems . the factory settings cause most of the problems , so restoring will probably hurt more than help . it is possible that the new 2.2 releases will fix some issues , however , and in that case it is probably better to use whatever settings samsung tested with the new gps code , i.e. the settings gpsrestore uses .
if your mobile is slow try to get a task killer from play store . it will kill apps that are open in your background and are not needed . ( addendum not needed ! - edit ) and to answer your last question i recently had to downgrade my xperia u from 4.0.4 to 2.3.7 . it is actually easier then it sounds , the process is the same when upgrading , you just have to download a few things ; d remember : flashing will delete everything on your phone so make sure you backup your mobile . note back up your phone via sony 's pc companion suite before proceeding follow the steps : get the following : flashtool , found on github your xperia firmware xperia u firmware 2.3.7: found on 4shared site ( put this one in a place that is " clean " best option desktop ) install flashtool go to your phone 's settings > developer options/usb debugging ( and check that option ) connect your phone to the pc ( usb ) before you continue go to the folder where you installed flashtool , open flashtool 's drivers folder and run the installer . ( flashtools\drivers ) in that installer select your phone and click next . warning : xperia u is next to xperia p it is not hard to find but you can easily miss it . after installing proceed to step 5 . open flashtools ( click yes if anything pops up , it could take a few second sto open ) click the thunder-like symbol select flashmode and click ok . ( not flashboot mode ! ) click the ( . . . ) in front of the first line of the windows that will pop up select the place where you saved file from the above step ii on . ( this could be a bit tricky if you can not find the place on that explorer copy/paste the file to the desktop to make it easier . the file will not appear in the window - do not worry it will detect it and load it automatically . ) make sure everything on the wipe area is checked and that on the exclude area nothing is checked . misc should be checked too ( this is to prevent errors during the downgrade ) follow the on-screen instructions . it will ask you to press a back button , on the xperia u it is the volume down button . for some reason you have to unplug the cable from the pc too . after you turn off the mobile plug back in the usb to the pc and then press and hold the volume down key on your phone ( keep it pressed and when you plug the usb back in the led 's will light up green . ) you can stop pressing the button when the process starts on flashtool 's window . wait until it is over , you can leave it . it should only take a few seconds your mobile will reboot when it is over . do not panic if you can not understand what it says the file your installing is from t-mobile 's hu region . after it starts and you enter your sim pin , it will take you again through the configuration . you will have some apps on your mobile from t-mobile , just uninstall them if you want . remember : flashing will delete everything on your phone so make sure you backup your mobile . hope i helped !
ironically the android 4.2.2 update i had been waiting many months for turned finally turned up the day after i posted my question . since i updated i have not seen the problem occur again so i am hoping it fixed it . on the other hand it might just be a coincidence so i will have to see how it goes .
while android-studio was already running i tried to run " android . bat " at below location by right clicking and choosing run as administrator which ran sdk manager and download worked for me . C:\Program Files (x86)\Android\android-studio\sdk\tools\android.bat 
i had the same problem and symptoms . then launched the shortcut to sdk as admin ( use right click ) . everything fine now . .
it is not possible to share a wi-fi via wi-fi , this would require two wi-fi chips . only mobile data tethering is supported via wi-fi .
most modern smartphones produce a lot of heat when playing cpu/gpu intensive games , there is not much you can do about it . if you reduce gpu frequency , two things can happen : stuttering of gameplay ( depending on your game ) , and the cpu/gpu run at maximum frequency for longer amounts of time to complete the same work ( that a higher frequency gpu would have done in shorter time ) . that may negate much of the heat reduction you are trying to achieve . my 2 cents is to leave the settings at stock . ( for more details , read http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=34153152postcount=15576 by a chip designer who worked with nvidia , ti etc ) . if you are still keen on underclocking , http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1827635 suggests that gpu over/underclocking is possible with setcpu app . that link is for galaxy s3 , but it should work for your phone too if your kernel supports it ( you might have to flash a custom kernel to control the gpu ) .
the application downloading continuously again and again is quite annoying and quite common whether you are using a data plan ( mobile data ) or wireless ( wi-fi ) . i had faced the same problem when updating the truecaller app on my android device ( 4.1.2 ) . the app had installed almost 4-5 times and all the time it installed only 65-70% and also wasted a lot of mobile data . my suggestion is the internet configuration is not proper or there is low network in your area . concept:- for the problem to understand there is a small concept of data transfer in the internet . in the internet there is two basic steps of data transfer 1 ) uplink ( up arrow ) . 2 ) downlink ( the down arrow ) . first the request will be sent to the server through an uplink . next the server responds by sending the data through the downlink ( in the form of packets ) . you can see this when you are browsing the net there is alternative downlink and uplink of data and packets are transferred internally ( you cannot see which packet is transferred and when but only confirm if all are received through a successful login or complete download ) . for this you will require a good network around you if any one packet is lost/missing ( during downlink or uplink ) then the play store keeps trying to update the app until you reach 100% of installation and you cannot stop the update until and unless you boot your device or click stop ( sometime even stop does not function ) or even close your mobile data . solution:- for this switch off the connection ( mobile data/wi-fi ) for a while . make sure all the settings are correctly configured . ( plan is active , having appropriate balance , good network reach etc . ) then switch on mobile data wait for the connection to be established and check for an app whether it is installing or not . if yes then you can update you app which was getting re-installed every time . if you still face the problem then in the app page scroll to the bottom where you will find a support mail id and contact them with your problem as well as a screen shot . once the app is updated then you shall not face any problem regarding constant re-install in the .
in Setting &gt; App &gt; Running app &gt; Download manager , click the Clear cache button . the download process will stop .
the fix is quite simple actually . you need to erase the downloadmanager 's data . goto the download manager in settings-> apps and clear downloadmanager 's app data .
go to settings . . . applications . . . select filter options ( contains all , running , downloaded ) . this option can be chosen by clicking left/right option depends upon handset model . choose ' all ' . . . so that you can see all applications . select download manager ; there you can click ' clear data ' button . it will stop all downloading applications . just now i analyzed and found it out .
here 's a random guess work on fixing your problem , at times i find myself facing this " bug " . what i do is connect to wifi and just let it do its thing ( download until it stops ) then i disconnect and reboot . after that , i do not encounter it anymore . well , i encountered it twice but that was it . this is coming from an ics user btw .
select input method apparently lets you open the ime dialog via a single long press on the search button . you can use the sim test to try this out before paying for the app . however , since most modern phones do not have a search button , this app has limited usefulness . comments suggest that pie control can provide a soft search key which can then be used to activate select input method . however , i found that i was unable to map search to a " slice of pie " on my 4.1.2 galaxy s3 ( despite being able to map other controls like home ) .
if you are running on version 4 . x you can change it from the notification bar or if your running on 2 . x you can hold down where you are inputting the text and change it from there .
download and install the google calendar from the market . source .
the playstore app usually uses /data/local to temporarily store .apk files while downloading , then installs them from there , and finally removes the temporary download-file ( which then went to /data/app ) . the /data/local directory should be readable by all processes ( so no root needed to list its contents ) , as it is used as a kind of " temporary directory " for a lot of things ( you might think of it as a " misnamed " /tmp directory ) . this directory should be " cleaned up " on reboot 1 , so your issue might rather be a broken .apk in /data/app . a new install should solve this anyway . i further recommend using appmonster pro -- yes , the pro version : on each install/update it grabs the .apk file of the installed/updated app and stores away a copy . so in cases like this , you could simply grab a previous version and install it over . just for completeness : there seem to be more such " temporary directories " on android devices . investigating a dump from a stock 2.2 motorola milestone 2 , i e.g. also found /data/download . different devices might use other directories additionally . but that should not affect your playstore question . 1 i can only base this on one of my devices ( motorola milestone 2 , stock android 2.2 ) , where i extracted a nandroid backup stored on my pc . there the init.rc file ( which is called during the boot process ) a.o. contains the following : easy to see : the /data/local directory is created during the boot , which suggests it being empty at this point . same is valid btw . for /data/download
power off phone . take out battery for 30 seconds . power back on phone . camera app worked again for me .
i have had my gs3 with t-mobile for about 11 months . two days ago i began receiving " camera failed " warning . i was beginning to think , after researching this issue , that my phone would need to be replaced if i wanted a functioning camera again . but moments ago , with the " camera failed " warning showing on my screen , i started squeezing the top of my phone between my fingers in different places , and suddenly my camera started working again . i am a bit afraid that it is going to stop working again , but at least i know this is a mechanical error . i am thankful i did not reset my phone for no reason . i have never posted to any site before this , but if this can help anyone else having this problem , i thought i should mention it . i do hope it helps .
i turned my galaxy s3 off and turned it back on again . it fixed itself ; no need to clean or wipe your gallery or phone .
there may be a way to send the modifier keys through the terminal app , however i have never used that app so i can not say . on terminal emulator you can long press the screen and send the control key from the pop up menu . also you could install hackers keyboard which includes a full desktop keyboard including control and alt keys .
omnirom is already rooted , if anything you might have to install su . as to the problem with your primary rom on multirom , reflash the primary over the top of itself , then when complete install multirom again . as long as you did not wipe data , your other roms should still be intact . . . . . my primary rom in multirom got glitchy , so i did what i recommended to you and its working perfect again
go to settings , select accounts and sync , select gmail sync , select account , and tap remove account in the bottom . . .
if the email id was given when you purchased it , then it can not be removed in gingerbread . the only way is to restore it . do not worry ; just back up yur favorite app or share it with a friend . then , format it . you can clear the gmail account and sent back or back-up the apps . now , your phone will be smoother and faster .
can you disable gmail sync in settings > accounts > [ your gmail account ] ? i do not have a gingerbread device to hand to test this out but it is available in ics +
if i understood you correctly , you want to get notified when a call goes through , not when the other person picks up ? you could try settings -> call settings -> all calls -> call status tones -> call connect tone to get a sound from the speaker when the call connects , so you do not have to hold the phone to your ear . is this what you were looking for ? edit : i know , it does not answer the title but could help with the problem .
try clearing the cache and/or clearing app data .
you might be thinking of the limitations on roms that are based on the android open source project ( aosp ) such as cyanogenmod . the difficulty for these developers is that they do not have access to the source code for some of the device drivers of the evo , and use only code that is available from the aosp ( as well as home-built modifications and code , of course ) . these drivers are also closely coupled with htc 's proprietary sense ui , which was a contributing factor to some of the difficulties . the big dealbreakers for these have always been wimax/4g and hdmi output . these have actually seen a lot of development as of late , however . for instance , you can get an alpha/test version of cm7 which supports wimax now . i personally run this on my evo and it has been very stable , albeit buggy in a few fairly trivial ways . it is definitely fine for daily use at this point , and i have been using it since it came out without any actual issues . it is also slated as a feature for the final release of cm7 . hdmi is a very different beast , and did not see as much development from the start because there was seemingly less demand for it . however , a few pictures have been posted by devs recently that seem to indicate that progress might be gaining momentum . one such picture can be found here . if you flash a custom rom that is based on an htc rom , then these concerns essentially go away . the basic rule of thumb is that any sense ui rom will support both wimax and hdmi out , and any aosp rom will not ( excepting the recent test versions of cm7 ) . also , cyanogenmod does not come with google 's applications pre-installed due to licensing issues . they are permitted to distribute a separate package , however , so you just have to flash them separately after you flash the rom itself . beyond that , everything else functions as normal , and many additional things become possible with root .
i can not speak for the google voice app being fully integrated - i only use it for the voicemail feature . however i have a fully rooted evo ( fresh rom 3.5 ) and i still have access to the market and all the normal google android apps . in fact i find that rooting gives me more features like free wireless tether and with fresh 3.5 the power manager is integrated into the notification drop down ( which i find really cool ) . google voice still works perfectly for voice mail . as far as i know the only limitation is the one you have listed : it will void the warranty . however if something goes wrong there is a huge community over at xda to help you out or you can unroot and see what happens when you bring your device in to sprint ( i have not had to do this yet so i can not speak on that part ) . rooting ( for me ) has also made my battery life way better and gotten rid of those sprint apps that i do not want . edit : i can not comment on eldarerathis 's post otherwise this would have gone there : i had forgotten about hardware limitations of using aosp roms like cm . eldarerathis is correct though that with certain roms hdmi and 4g will not work . when i had the htc hero and first loaded cm i think the camera did not work but in time this was fixed and this is why i have avoided the cm rom so far for my evo . if you want the htc sense experience though do not go with cm or aosp roms - these are essentially stock android . hope this helps
when you get gingerbread on your galaxy s , then the battery usage graph shows what is using power over time settings -> about phone -> battery use and then press on the graph at the top for a more detailed view broken down by app over time . ( you can also get there through settings -> applications -> battery use and then pressing on the graph at the top ) . ( do not know if this is a samsung or a gingerbread feature but is part of samsung 's official gingerbread 2.3.3 . release for the galaxy s which was released a few weeks ago in many countries/networks )
you can use a logcat viewer , such as logcat reader ( i have found that one works well ) , and just scroll back through the logs until the time in question . a less precise solution would be to go to settings > about phone > battery use and that will tell you what has been using most of your battery .
if there is anything happening at a " given time " , or otherwise should show some " significant change " , it might also be worth to take a look at systempanel : systempanel ( source : google play ) even the free version allows you to live-monitor your android system ( where " live " means the app must be running ) , while the payed version adds a " monitoring service " which stores collected information , so you can refer to it later . as above screenshot shows , it lets you clearly see the peaks for cpu ( click the image to enlarge ) , but also for battery and other ressources . it also allows you to pick the " top processes " and see how they behaved over time . clearly a candidate to investigate the problem you described .
after starring a place in google maps android , you can open google bookmarks webapps to display your bookmarks . sort by date to show your latest bookmark and clicking on the Edit button allows you to edit that place bookmark title . the new title would display in My Places on google maps android . not an ideal solution , but a workaround involving additional webapps . references : android forum - google maps - label starred locations ? - 9 april 2010 - provides three workarounds : #9 add suffix " ( title ) " to address in google maps webapps before starring ( not editing on android ) ; #11 use google bookmarks to edit title ( solution i chose above ) ; #14 add to contacts and edit contacts names ( will search each time use the address in contacts ) . google mobile android forum - why can not i edit the name of a " starred " place on google maps ? - 1 june 2011 - mentioned bookmark and contacts solutions above , also registering an address as a business place , then can edit the title .
settings > > applications > > manage applications and selected " clear cache " and " clear data " for ( where applicable )
a hard reset gave me the solution . .
here is /system/bin i have not gone through yet to add documentation though , my apologies . i have made a google doc where i and some friends plan to put our documentation over spring break . if people want to help out , it would be much appreciated . android shell commands /system/bin contents : basichashtable_test blobcache_test inputchannel_test inputdispatcher_test inputevent_test inputpublisherandconsumer_test inputreader_test looper_test obbfile_test string8_test unicode_test vector_test zipfilero_test adb am app_process applypatch applypatch_static asan asanwrapper atrace audioloop bmgr bootanimation bu bugreport cat check_prereq chmod chown cmp codec content corrupt_gdt_free_blocks dalvikvm date dd debuggerd decoder dexopt df dhcpcd dmesg drmserver dumpstate dumpsys flash_image fsck_msdos gdbjithelper gdbserver getevent getprop gzip hd id ifconfig iftop ime input insmod installd ioctl ionice ip6tables iptables keystore keystore_cli kill linker ln log logcat logwrapper ls lsmod lsof make_ext4fs md5 mdnsd mediaserver mkdir mksh monkey mount mtpd mv nandread ndc netcfg netd netstat newfs_msdos notify ping ping6 pm pppd printenv ps qemu-props qemud r racoon radiooptions reboot record recordvideo recovery renice requestsync rild rm rmdir rmmod route run-as schedtest schedtop screencap screenshot sdcard sendevent sensorservice service servicemanager set_ext4_err_bit setconsole setprop sf2 sh showlease skia_test sleep smd stagefright start stop stream surfaceflinger svc sync system_server testid3 toolbox top touch uiautomator uim-sysfs umount updater uptime vdc vmstat vold watchprops wipe
app management use android package manager pm examples install the package com . twitter . android-1 . apk from the sd card pm install /sdcard/com.twitter.android-1.apk  list installed packages that contain the term twitter pm list packages | grep twitter  show the install directory of the twitter package pm path com.twitter.android  processes top  lists all running processes / apps with live updates showing cpu usage , pid , . . . ps  lists all running processes / apps and allows filtering using grep examples ps | grep apps  lists all running apps on your phone mounting mount -o rw,remount -t "filesystem" "Device" "Mount Point"  allows you to remount your partitions for write access or to mount images . examples write access for the root filesystem mount -o rw,remount -t rootfs /  write access for your /system partition mount -o rw,remount -t yaffs2 /dev/block/mtdblock4 /system  write access for /system using busybox busybox mount -o remount,rw /system  mount the contents of myimage.img , viewable in the folder myimage mount -o loop /sdcard/myimage.img myimage  other getprop can show interesting details from the device configuration , such as dns servers , gateways , gsm details , running services , build parameters , version info etc .
htc sensation comes with the android 2.3 gingerbread but " wearing " the htc sense ( 3.0 ) mod . sensation is also in-line for an upgrade to ics ( ice cream sandwich ( android 4.0 ) ) early in 2012 .
titanium backup pro can do that . [ ✔ ] restore individual apps+data from cwm backups ! similar question .
in addition to the well-known titanium backup app ( for which you must purchase the pro key to unlock the cwm/twrp nandroid backup support ) , there is another app now : nandroid manager , which according to its description can restore apps from nandroid backups even with the free version ( there is a pro key too , but it is required if you want to restore special data such as wi-fi access points , bluetooth data , user dictionary and browser data ) . however , i did not try using this app .
have you tried arkmc ? the free version still works as a renderer : )
it may sound like overkill , but it may suit all your needs : xbmc media center ( downloads for android are here ) it has many features that you might not need ( like a weather forecast , playing videos and music ) but the best parts are its big list of network capabilities ( media on windows shares , dlna ( upnp ) , ftp , etc . ) and its huge list of available plugins . it is also remotely controllable in many ways , there are even apps for android , etc . plus it is open source and free .
try out digital photo frame slide show . it has exactly the features you need as it can access a upnp server or a smb network drive . ( i am the developer of digital photo frame slide show . )
have you searched DLNA in play store ? you can find many apps . my favorite is skifta .
es file explorer should let you access smb shares .
samba shares and cloud image services ( picasa , flickr , facebook , dropbox and instagram ) photo frame live wallpaper
have you tried social frame ? it is a digital photo frame app . it automatically syncs photos from facebook , twitter , and 500px . love this app
no , you can not do this , on android or any other kind of mobile phone . it is just not how the 3g network works . each operator 's 3g network runs on a frequency band allocated to them by the government . the cell transmitter runs on its own hardware that your phone does not have , with a high-power radio transceiver that needs more power than your phone has .
are you trying to access the market from a home screen shortcut or from the app drawer ? updates can sometimes break shortcuts so try to open it from the app drawer . another thing you can try is to reset market data from Settings -> Applications -> Manage applications -> All -> Market -> Clear data and Clear cache .
i got the tablet and yes ! it does have 1080p output . : )
if you use appbrain it does downloads sequentially . unfortunately you will still need to click " okay " for each to start the download but it'll save you a few taps .
if you do not want to be tied to windows-based kies , simply do not pick samsung phones . almost every other android manufacturer 's phones can be upgraded over the air without the need of an attached computer ; for some reason samsung 's can not or will not do it . android was designed so it does not need to be attached to a computer as much as possible ; android was designed to sync data ( address book , etc ) , installs software ( market , etc ) , and do system updates over the air . some manufacturer/carriers do not yet embrace this unfortunately , and is forcing your phone to be attached to a computer .
ota updates are a better solution . not sure why samsung sticks to some update utility while many other manufacturers use ota update . htc does ota on my hero and now on my desire z also . my acer betouch 130e required a utility . not sure for other brands .
i do not know of a kies alternative , but there is heimdall , an open source , cross platform , odin alternative .
i think that the linux support not only depends on the manufacturer . in the case of the palms , palmone only released desktop applications for windows and mac , but despite of that fact the linux community developed solutions like j-pilot for example .
it is possible to send emails to sms inboxes . but you can not send a sms to an email inbox given you do not have an internet connection . you must already know that emails require internet connectivity . as you asked , sms gateways can be used to send and receive smses provided you are subscribed to a sms line via a Direct-to-mobile or a Direct-to SMS gateway . simply put , you cannot use this functionality with your normal sim card , if you are willing to do it in an offline method . read more about sms gateways in wikipedia . on a side note , if you can go online ( say mobile data ) , you can do this by way of a mms . all you have to do is to send the mms to the desired email address . some of the gateway addresses for email to sms are listed below . alltel : phonenumber@message . alltel . com at and t : phonenumber@txt . att .nett-mobile : phonenumber@tmomail .netvirgin mobile : phonenumber@vmobl . com sprint : phonenumber@messaging . sprintpcs . com verizon : phonenumber@vtext . com nextel : phonenumber@messaging . nextel . com us cellular : phonenumber@mms . uscc .netkeep in mind that most of the networks tend to block and/or alter their gateways once the traffic is considerably high , as this method is widely used by spammers .
your voice files are also stored in the whatsapp folder . the path is : WhatsApp/Media/WhatsApp Voice Notes/ the file names are starting with ptt
if you have not given up on android apps yet , you can use titanium backup . it lets you search either by app name or package name .
in your android chrome browser go to settings . under settings you will be able to see your email id in the basics section ( its mostly located right on top ) . selecting the email will take you to the services section . there you will find an option called sync . select it . make sure sync is enabled and the bookmarks section is checked . i hope this solves your problem .
apparently this is by design ( did not know that until today ) . you can only use the aim , msn , and yahoo ! messengers on the g1 if you are using a t-mobile sim card . i suppose this may apply to other unlocked phones since the comment on the bug tracker implies that it is actually got something to do with the way android or its apis are doing things under the hood . i would just recommend trying a different client , i guess . i personally recommend trillian or meebo , but there is a bunch of others . trillian is $5 ( or you can go get an old beta version - they were free ) , but i like the ui and features a bit more . meebo is free but also very good . one big difference is that trillian supports c2dm , but that does not really apply here since it was not introduced until android 2.2 as for the " why": i am not sure , really . matt may be correct , but aim can send sms messages from desktop clients , so your number seems like it might not really be necessary . i am inclined to agree with that guess , though , since i can not think of any other reasons .
it needs your phone number because the app claims to send text messages which it probably does through an sms gateway . no idea why it can not find your sim , but it is probably related to the fact that you are running a t-mo phone on at and t . that should not matter but i am sure the aim devs did not account for that . i would try a different service that supports aim like ebuddy .
it is because the stock app sends sms for chatting instead using the internet connection . i discovered with shock 2 years ago , i did not have an sms plan and i had to pay $40 in text messages . . . .
i figured it out . it was the kernel that came with liquid smooth rom . the kernel developer , chevyno1 ( of simply stunning mod ) , disabled logging in the kernel . i switched to a different kernel by jdlfg and logging immediately turned on with the next boot .
the rom might call " rm /dev/log/main " during init to cripple logcat . if you can find that line and remove it logcat should be happy .
the usb driver for windows is available for download as an optional sdk component . you need the driver only if you are developing on windows and want to connect an android-powered device ( adp , nexus one , or nexus s ) to your development environment over usb . are you going to develop android app or just want to browse the internal memory ? http://developer.android.com/sdk/win-usb.html
this nexus one user manual seems to be basically the same document as you linked , but specific to that phone and android 2.1 . since the nexus one was a " pure " android experience , the vast majority of the document should cover what you are looking for . ( that link seems dead , but this link from the internet archive wayback machine seems to be working . )
the complete android guide does a pretty good job of highlighting the differences in functionality in the different versions . you can buy a book , pdf , or view it online for free .
its original name was the zte blade so , then , the manufacturer is the zte corp in china .
first , launchers are apps like all other apps you can install . which means : per se , there should be no problems -- but they of course might have bugs and , in rare cases , side effects . again , this is not limited to launchers . so far for the " generic info " . now specifically for the launcher : after having installed a launcher ( nova should be fine , apex might be another choice close to nova ) , when he presses the home key to switch to the home screen , he will be asked which launcher to chose . so still he is got the choice to use the miui launcher or his " custom one " . on every press of the home button . until he decides to always use one of the two , and marks the check button to remember his choice ( "always use . . . " ) . now on home key press , it is always that launcher being started . if at a later time he wants to switch back : still no problem . the " decision popup " will come again if one of the following conditions are met : he installed another launcher one of the installed launchers receives an update more than 2 launchers were installed , and the current default launcher is uninstalled in settings&rarr ; applications , the settings of the current default launcher are opened , and the " clear defaults " button is pushed some " default apps " manager was used to trigger it so in short : i would expect no trouble . some special features of the miui launcher might not be available in other launchers , some specific miui widgets ( specifically built for the miui launcher ) might not work with the other launcher -- but if he wants , he can always return/swtich or even revert his changes .
well , you will lose home launcher . that is it . every other miui feature will be intact :- )
if you are using yahoo , and have recently changed your yahoo account passowrd , then this will cause the social hub app to get caught in a loop and drain the battery delete the yahoo account and recreating it should fix the issue ( you may need to reboot and use the phone offline before it will let you delete the account ) regards ian
this app is a russian application erroneously installed as a " system " app ( same package name as the email hub ) . if you are rooted you can use something like titanium backup to remove the app . otherwise you can try these instructions from an android authority article : removing the application on un-rooted devices seems much harder , however success has been reported by clearing the play store’s data and cache from settings> applications – afterwards , just launch the android market application to re-acquire the current market state and google play application .
i eventually just stopped using the app . not worth my headache . thanks for the help .
factory resetting wipes the wi-fi settings along with everything else . from the wi-fi page in the settings app , click on the network you want to connect to and enter the password ( if it requires one ) , just as you did previously . if that does not work , update your question to say what happened .
i am not sure but if you go to calenendars -> menu -> more -> calendars , you can choose which calendar to show . maybe this will help if you are talking about calendar of phone .
these are the steps i took on my htc desire running android version 2.2 to delete all calendar data , and in turn the pc sync calendar : on the phone , open settings > applications > manage applications click the “all” tab at the top of the screen scroll down and tap the calendar storage application tap the “clear data” button , and confirm you’d like to proceed . now all the calendar data is gone from the phone , running your sync processes again to populate only the calendars you want on your phone .
use a vacuum cleaner to remove water . then pack it in plastic bag and keep in rice for 3 days
my best advice would be to remove all phone covers and leave in a well aired place to dry . also look at this it contains some useful advice
i use helium on a non-rooted nexus 7 ( 2013 ) to backup my app data ( but not the apps ) . i have only one user account but since that app data is user-specific , is contained in my user area , and the backup is placed in my user area , i would be surprised if helium would have any trouble backing-up each account separately . i have not had occasion to restore a user 's data from a helium backup , so be i can not vouch for that process .
the first thing that comes to mind is to check that reply path is not selected in the messaging settings . this setting means that if you reply to a sms , it uses the sender 's messaging center , and usually using another operator 's messaging center is not allowed . however , this should not affect your ability to receive messages .
in order to change the notification sound on the gmail app you can do the following : open the gmail app and press the menu button ( the one to the left of the home button ) press settings and then choose the email address ( not general settings ) touch the word " inbox sound and vibrate " click " sound " then there is a popup for the choice of notification sound you want for your email . for go sms pro : press the same menu button settings advanced notification settings default notification settings select ringtone
i would recommend the modaco . switch project , which allows you to dual-boot both htc one sense , and the google experience . you can share app data between the two , so you do not have to maintain 2 sets of apps in either environment , and you can switch back and forth anytime . if you like the google experience better , then you can just stick with it . you will supposedly get all the regular updates from google . it is still in beta , but it is been under active development , and has come pretty far . installation instructions are at the link above , but it is basically the same process as installing a regular rom , which can be a bit tricky if you are not technically-minded . hope that helps .
this how-to meticulously explains how to flash a rom taken from the google play edition of the one . to summarize : backup your data root your one download the rom boot into twrp , wipe the old rom and install the new one
full instructions can be found here . in short : install sdk get the fastboot . exe and place in your sdk/tools turn on usb debugging on phone connect to pc via usb using adb , run adb reboot bootloader at the bootloader , run fastboot oem unlock accept dialog to unlock bootloader start phone , phone will reboot , do not battery pull ! afterwards , you can get root access .
seems that i finally fixed the issue , but i wanted to wait few days to be sure . first i tried to reflash my phone again , but without wiping my data partition ( so i could keep my apps and settings intact ) . this did not worked , so i fully flashed again my phone 's firmware ( i was ussing only official firmwares , from sony ) but after a day when my phone 's gps worked fine , the issue reappeared . finally i downloaded the same version of the firmware , but for another region ( i was using a firmware made for brazilian market , now i am using the one for europe ) and this seems to work . gps starts everytime when requested . i am not really sure where the issue was , but if someone else encounter this issue - maybe you could give my solution a try .
even the best gps does not lock on instantly . you can use " assisted gps " , or agps , to help get a rough fix quickly while you wait for the more accurate gps to get a lock ; this only works when you have internet access , since it uses your ip address to locate you . go into your device 's gps settings ( settings -> location access ) also try clearing the data of the navigation app and installing other gps toolbox apps to see if it fixes the issue .
that is completely normal . what about it worried you ?
while i do not have the final solution - i was able to make some progress in figuring out why the g2 fails to work with the 360 controller . i have been doing diagnostics and noticed that the lg g2 usb connection manager is emulating a usb2.0 and usb3.0 device hub - which shows up when an otg cable is connected to the phone - and while it identifies the 360 controller , its non-standard integration is likely causing the device to not be recognized by applications . using usb/bt joystick center from the play store , i was able to refuse permission to access the usb hub devices , but permit the app to talk to the xbox controller . ( when it scans for devices , it will display " found : device name " then prompt for permission . when it displays " found : xbox 360 controller " approve access . deny all other prompts , or else the software cannot communicate with the controller ) . immediately after doing the above , the controller 's leds stopped flashing - and locked into ' player 1' configuration . then the software loaded a default 360 profile , and clicking on driver let me see the raw inputs from the controller . it works ! it seems to me that the device is perfectly compatible , but the lg otg input manager is doing something funky with the input - and needs another piece of software to channel the inputs from the usb device to the system . if there were a way to get the lg software to identify it as a keyboard or gamepad , that would be ideal . i will keep working at it for now .
you need to go into the mail application and set up an account through there . the accounts area is for syncing accounts for the phone ( like your gmail address ) .
open email . enter your email credentials ( the address and the password ) . choose manual setup . choose imap . enter server settings .
i think this name is a windows setting . i think i was seeing an old title , from when the phone had accounts belonging to the other employee . there was another device under devices and printers called galaxy s4 . i right-clicked on the device with the old employee 's name , clicked uninstall . when i disconnect and reconnect my phone i no longer see a device with the old employee 's name , but i do see " galaxy s4" .
this may or may not work for you and do it at your own risk but i jut rooted and loaded a custom rom to a lg optimus s that many had said could not be done because of the ota update that would put it out of the reach of the exploit . it required a little extra work , but was doable and only took me about 2 hours . now i am not 100% certain this will work for you because i do not have this particular device to try , but , the foundation of the rooting method is valid for it and should work for this as well , no harm in trying . get the drivers specific to your device from lg if you can find it and if not just get it here , this is not related to me but i got some stuff from them in the past and its been clean . then after that , try following the instructions put out here , note its for the optimus s but the way to do it is the same for pretty much all the optimus line , its your driver that is important and you can get that . you can use the manual method if you know what you are doing and are comfortable with it , that is how i did it but you can also download the optiauto.zip or .exe to do it as well so its somewhat automated for you . good luck with it , let us know how it goes and if you run into anything that you can not figure out , shoot me a message here and i will see what i can do for you .
this budget device has been largely sold to prepaid phone carriers and they are not part of large development community . so , there is no official root method for this device yet . however , i hope this blog post will help you .
webmemo does a similar thing , but seems a bit more at hand as it uses the share page menu , instead of having you manually input the url - as with the fore-mentioned save webpage
there is an application called save webpage which will let you do it , i do not know of any other way to do it in the stock browser .
there are a number of " shake to wake " apps in the market . obviously if you use one of those , shake the phone and it does not wake up , then it is fully off .
you can make a call to your own phone number , it is faster than suffering a boot/shutdown cycle . also , you can keep some notification just to keep the led always blinking .
you can install a custom lock screen application and use hadrware buttons like optical tracpad to wake up the phone . more info in the blog post .
it is a bit of a hassle , huh . there is a slightly unusual solution though : turn the phone on while holding down the back key , which will do nothing special if the phone was merely asleep , but will display the hboot version within about a second if the phone was completely off . from that screen , press volume up and then power to turn the phone completely off again .
on my samsung galaxy s i can use either the home or power button to ' unsleep ' the handset .
i do not think you can . i just did some tests and even the slightest press of the power button will turn it on if it is actually powered off . i did not like the having to press the power button to ' wake ' up the phone myself . would prefer if you could hit the home button or similar as a long press .
this is for the htc 1 . you will have to see if it works for you . the charge light is red when the phone is off , and orange when it is on . obviously , that is with the charger connected .
playing around with " mount " and various commands , it looked like the /data file system was already mounted r/w . this left me with the option of trying to reload a " factory image " . the link you posted was informative and looks like a good resource , however i am a bit gun-shy about trying to load code that was not specific to the exact device in front of me , as i got burned on that once before ( fortunately that one was resolved when the manufacturer finally made the correct stuff available ) . i was finally able to get this one working without having to resort to trying a generic a10 image . i ended up using " echo -e ' boot-recovery\0' > /dev/block/nandf ; sync " , from within adb shell , connected a standard usb windows keyboard from a pc , then issued " reboot " command still from within adb shell . again i got an android on his back with a green triangle / exclamation point . i hit the home button on the tablet and got into the recovery menu , and voila , the arrow keys on the keyboard actually worked to navigate the menu . i selected the option for wipe data / factory reset and used the power button on the tablet as enter , used the keyboard again to navigate the " are you sure " prompt , power button again for enter . the device showed that it was formatting /data and some other file system ( i forget ) , then when it was done it went back to the recovery menu . i disconnected the usb keyboard and hit power one more time to reboot , and this time we made it past the android logo and back to a like-new out-of-box state ! back in business ! the concept of connecting a pc keyboard might be a breakthrough for anyone struggling with recovery on one of these tablets with no volume buttons , though i can not say it was entirely my idea . it briefly flashed through my mind at one point but i did not actually try it until another post i read somewhere kicked me again . ; - ) p.s. i do not know if the exact sequence of connecting the keyboard etc was significant , but i figured i would try to be specific just for the benefit of anyone reading this in the future .
ok , got an update . i posted a long thread here a while back and it got deleted . i have got better news this time . sc-91jb is the same as the turkish piranha business ii tab 9.0 . go to this site ( its in turkish ) and download livesuit and phoenixsuit from the " destek " -> " sürücü ve yazılımlar " tab . you can get the firmware there , ( it is the plain 4.1 jb rom ) but there is a better place . install phoenixsuit and livesuit . make sure you install the drivers . connect your tablet and open phoenixsuit ( if updates are available , then update . ) go to the " firmware " tab and choose the p422 rom you downloaded earlier , then hit upgrade . there is a high chance the upgrade will fail to go through on the first try . when it did on mine , it gave me instructions saying you had to hold the power button down for 10 seconds , then a series of button presses and connecting the tablet to the pc . make sure you use a good usb cable . when i followed the on screen steps , livesuit popped up and i was able to force a firmware upgrade . the screen on the tablet stays dark , but the " firmware " screen on phoenixsuit will show you the progress . once that is finished , my tablet started up with the " piranha " logo and booted into android . of course , android was in turkish so i just went into settings and changed the language to english . this rom includes a lot more apps than the supersonic one did ( including angry birds space . ) i just did this update today , so now i will see if the issues we were having were due to the rom or hardware . summary : this method can revive a tablet that is completely dead ! so philip , in your situation , you may simply have to plug in and force the upgrade . a long press of the power button will switch the internals on and off . this is a super easy way to get your tablet back up and running without having to drop to the command line . most of all , good luck ! ! !
it seems the incompatibility came only on the current version . you may install and use an older version or wait till it becomes available to your device . in this thread there is a link to an older apk version that should work .
the limit is actually placed on virtual size of the downloaded area . the upper limit is approximately 80mb of data , and the lower limit is smaller than maps displays , somewhere below 100kb , equivalent to around . 6 square miles . here is one place that mentions the 80mb limit . in my own testing , i was able to download up to 87mb of data , which is approximately 5625 square miles . this may have been coincidence , but in my testing , the allowable size ranged from a square . 75 miles on a side to a square 75 miles on a side .
i remember seeing someone do tests on the accuracy of capacitive screens and in reality , they are terribly inaccurate . unlike resistive screens , a stylus will not make much difference for you . i believe it was said that a fine stylus would provide just as much accuracy as using a hot dog .
thin styluses are usually for resistive screens , they do not work with droid x 's capacitive screen . the difference between capacitive and resistive touchscreens
i have a pogo stylus which was originally meant for the iphone although i see they have an android version now . it works ok , but i feel like i have to push down harder than i want to to get it to work . it is accurate , more so than my finger , however if i do not maintain enough pressure when drawing a line for example , there will be gaps in the line . i have a screen protector on and i have never tried it on the naked screen so this might be a factor . when all is said and done i do not use it very much so i can not provide a detailed review . if you do not want to spend the money there are a number diy capacitive tutorials that look pretty good . some mimic the pogo design and others do not . here are a few : pogo like 1 pogo like 2 with a sock with a piece of anti-static bag with an energy bar wrapper and a drunk puppet
i have a nexus 7 , and i use ezpdf reader with programming books ( pdf ) . source code gets distorted if i use text reflow , so i do not use that . i just pinch-zoom ( in and out ) if necessary . ezpdf reader also has a Fitting to Text Column feature which zooms you in to eliminate the white space at the left and right sides . because it is zoomed in , you had need to scroll down though . ( ah , well , i suppose i am not answering your question , but i hope it helps , or give you an app to try out ) .
no . it is impossible using the standard app .
it looks like this can be done on just about any device with the caveat that your device needs to be rooted and you need to be willing to poke around in your system 's framework-res.apk file . these instructions come from a post on xda with a modification intended to lower the brightness , but scaling in the opposite direction would make it brighter : here is a guide on how to perform this mod on any framework-res . apk using apk manager ( thanks for the guide goes to desean ) : download apk manager and unpack somewhere grab framework-res . apk from your phone under \system\framework\ ( e . g . adb pull ) and place it in the " place-apk-here-for-modding " folder run script . bat and select option 9 once done , go to projects\framework-res . apk\res\values\arrays . xml and edit your values as per first post . once edited , compile the apk using option 11 qn : is this a system apk . ans : y qn : aside from the signatures , would . . . . least . ans : y prompt : in the apk manager folder u'll find a keep folder . . . . . done then press enter on this script . press any key to continue . . . you have to go to " keep " folder and delete resources . arsc because arrays . xml have been changed . after this you can press any key in apk manager window . once done , input 22 in apk manager and select " unsignedframework-res . apk " by entering the number that stands for it . after selecting it you should see in apk main window in the top right corner " current-app : unsignedframework-res . apk " . now press 5 to zipalign apk . you will find your completed , zipaligned apk under place-apk-here-for-modding\unsignedframework-res . apk . rename it back to framework-res . apk and adb push the file back to your phone the arrays . xml file should have a section like the below if your device supports auto-brightness : basically , the values are ordered based on detected light from the sensor , with the top value being " lowest light " and the bottom value being " highest light " . the values correspond to lcd brightness on a scale from 1 to 255 , with 255 being full brightness . you could therefore scale up all of the low light values to be brighter if you wanted .
in the google voice app settings , turn off/uncheck the following : voicemail display - view and play voicemails from the phone call log once i did that and made a test call/vm , i received the notification just like i expect .
i am having the same problem here . check running services under settings --> applications --> running services . is the google voice update service stuck on restarting ? if so , you might want to try and remove apps that are running services . in other words , uninstall apps that you are not using that are causing excessive amounts of services to run and eat up your free memory . you can also try al 's suggestions .
whenever android needs more ram , it will kill anything in the " background " the htc sense is background if you are playing a video game or any other app . so when android sees that it needs ram , sense with it is fairly large memory footprint is a prime candidate . think nothing of it . if it crashed you would get a " force close " . some launchers do tricks to force them to not be killed by android but that has a negative effect on ram availability for foreground apps .
most likely you have too many services running at once that are eating up all of your memory . check running services under settings --> applications --> running services . look at the colorful memory bar at the bottom of how much free memory there is . look for services that are high on memory usage and that you do not use anymore . ask yourself if you really need that service running or not . if you do not , remove it . see if that helps . you will probably see a better performance boost everywhere if you are being bogged down by excessive amounts of services . additionally , you could try out a new home launcher such as launcherpro .
i found another solution : have a look at /data/system/uiderrors.txt . there you will find the apps that are responsible for the trouble . you can delete them ( manualy if necessary ) to fix the issue . reinstalling the apps brings the error back , though .
usually a hard-reset should be sufficient . but as i do not know how you performed it : it cannot hurt to repeat it . there is a " factory reset " option in your menus ( usually in the " privacy " section ) . what this does is rawly explained by its name : reset everything to the state of delivery . it purges the /data partition -- which is , all user data : installed apps ( except those " in the rom " , which came pre-installed ) along with all apps data and settings , plus wipe the cache -- then reboot . the next startup will take a bit longer , as android needs to rebuild the dalvik cache ( which basically contains device-optimized versions of your apps , simply spoken ) . so after that , everything should be clean -- and you need to configure everything as if you just got a fresh phone . i do not know which uuids it is referring to -- without the exact error message this is hard to tell . but as said , the factory reset should fix this . by 1 . plus , to be absolutely sure , a clean and empty sd card . to make sure the latter is really clean and empty , you can use a card reader to attach it directly to your computer , and check its contents there . formatting should not really be necessary -- just make sure there are no files left , especially also no " hidden ones " . following methods are available to initiate a " factory reset " aka " factory wipe": the corresponding item in setup -> privacy a " call to the magic number *2767*3855#" turn on your phone . press both volume up + home + search buttons for 5 sec . ( this last item is taken from hard-reset . com )
applications often have a restore in-app purchase option in the settings . other applications may ask you to " buy again " the item , but you are not actually spending any money again . it is often mentioned how you can restore your purchases in the application 's description on google play or in the help category of the application ( if any ) . you can always contact the developer for more information . ( note that we are talking about non-consumables purchases , it means purchases that are permanently associated with one 's google account . more information . )
the process name implies that it is related to sd card . fat file system is very old and unreliable file system . android stop app to prevent further damage to your data . solution : eject microsd . insert in card reader , plug to pc . run chkdsk i : /f /x , where i- drive letter for your sd partion in windows . chkdsk shall find and fix problem . problem solved .
first i would fix permissions on cwm . no help ? then try this : settings > applications > manage applications > then make sure you look under the all tab . it is called google services framework and you clear the data for this one and cache for market . go to “settings” unplug your device from computer . ( if plugged in . ) choose “manage applications” from the list . select the “all” tab . scroll down to “market” and select it . tap “force stop” . tap “clear cache” . tap the back button . scroll up to “google services framework” and select it . tap “clear data” . tap “ok” . tap “force stop” . start market . at the “an error has occurred” message , tap “ok” . hold your power button to turn off your device from the menu . turn your device back on . start market again , and the problem should be resolved .
there is a teamviewer app that acts as a server " teamviewer quick support " unfortunately it is for samsung devices only
try this app . in this app you can share the screens between two tablets or two mobile devices of varying screens wirelessly and does not require any thing extra as per your requirements .
sounds like some kind of vnc type of solution would be the best , maybe teamviewer ? you might need an enterprise license if you are doing this for commercial purposes .
i had exactly the same experience with ygps . quickshortcut maker is an app that allows you to create a shortcut to an application from the list of activities which are installed on your phone . this works with ygps and ygps works when launched this way .
several launchers can do that , e.g. apex and nova . you pretend to create a shortcut , select " activities " , browse for the app you normally use to enter engineering mode , and see what activities it provides . should have one for that ygps if you normally launch it from there . there are other tools available specifically creating similar shortcuts ( if you do not want to use one of those browsers ) , e.g. activity launcher should be worth a closer look then . in either case , you get a complete list of all available apps – regardless of whether they are shown in your app drawer or are hidden from it . so even if that ygps is a separate app , it should show up here with its activities . if its an activity of some other app , it should show up there .
tasker could do something for you , like start the ygps app before the ' real ' one starts .
the combination of encryption , pin lock , and having adb turned off should protect your data pretty well . it could still be compromised if someone finds a security flaw that can be exploited through the network or the mtp usb connection , but that risk exists in any case . however , with your bootloader unlocked , someone could take your phone , flash a malicious rom that contains keystroke loggers or something , and then return the phone to you and wait for you to type your pin or decryption password . it would be better to keep the bootloader locked whenever you do not actually need to flash things via fastboot . you can use bootunlocker to lock and unlock the bootloader from within the running android system . unlike fastboot oem unlock , this does not wipe your data when you unlock .
to access the browser history , tap the " tabs " menu . ( looks like the tabs of a file folder and is next to the overflow menu , which itself looks like three vertical dots . ) once you can see your open tabs plus the blank one to add a new one , tap the overflow menu . you should see four options new incognito tab history saved pages settings ( i think you know what to do . ) this is on a galaxy nexus with android 4.1.1 .
very first thing i would do is removing that app asap from my device ( settings&rarr ; applications&rarr ; manage applications ) . one never knows what it does ! second , it helps to disable " unknown sources " ( you always can enable them again when needed ) , to prevent such apps from being installed . with " unknown sources " ( in android 4.0 . x you find this option in settings&rarr ; security ) disabled , only google playstore is permitted to install apps . i have no idea what this app does , and whether it maybe installed ( and hid ) some trojan stuff . if you want to be 100% sure , you can do a factory reset -- but that way you had lose all your data and all apps you installed ( it will , however , by default not touch your sd card ) . this option might sound a bit paranoid -- but even if i am paranoid , that does not mean they are not after me ! ; ) of course , this is fully up to you . uninstalling that app is definitly a must -- the other steps are imho optional . but i would at least look around in the app drawer to check if there are other suspicious things which not belong .
you might want to use a packet sniffing apps for android . i recommend shark for root . this is like wireshark but for android . it does not have a gui for viewing logs . you will need another application like shark reader . this of course requires you to trigger the drive-by download again while the app is running to track where the rouge apk is coming .
i am not sure what you ask for but the cwm recovery saved my data , how can i view it ? if you mean backups , they had be in your sd card . fastboot cmd> fastboot flash system system . img &lt ; waiting for device > ! ! that usually means a driver problem if you can boot into bootloader properly . interesting link with un-bricking guide
it does not update only when it is visible . because all widgets are drawn by the host ( i.e. . the home screen or lock screen ) , there is no way for the widget provider to tell whether the widget is visible or not . it would be possible for the service that keeps changing the widget to find out when the screen is turned off . in recent android versions , you could verify that using the battery screen in settings . add the widget to your home screen , then ( while the phone/tablet is not plugged in ) leave the screen turned off for some time . turn it back on , and see if your task manager app is listed on the battery screen . regardless of the result , your task manager app is probably doing more harm than good . android is not like windows : it is designed to keep as much memory in use as it can , and only frees memory when it has to . see do i really need to install a task manager ? for more info .
most of phones ( including xperia series ) does not have an internal fm radio antenna , so they need a wired headset to be inserted , in order to use its wire as antenna . you cannot use fm radio until you plug a wired headset to the phone .
you should go to the google play web site , there is a list of all the apps that you have ever installed on your device , including purchased ones .
in the new market application you need to slide the tab sideways when viewing the installed applications to view all applications , you might have missed that at first glance .
ok , this answer does not get to the root cause or the " why it happened " but the issue is now resolved . it may help others if their purchased applications are suddenly not available on google play for installation on a new device . i received an notification to update my android firmware and reboot . i followed the instructions , went into google play and my purchased items were now available . i can not explain why , they just were .
if you are using the same google login - then you should be able to find them under my apps in google play and they should be marked as purchased . ( on your phone - on the web you will find them under my android apps ) . you can also click on orders and devices at the bottom of the page - if they do not show up in that list . ( and next to each you have " report a problem" ) and worst case scenario , if these apps are paid for , you should at least be able to find them in your google checkout history - and contact google to refresh your account . hth .
short answer there is no such thing as " randomly break " , phone owners tend to use or make up terms to disguise their ineffectiveness to explain what happened , or as an excuse to avoid saying " i broke my phone " . common factors leading to the glass or the display damage are , but not limited to : manufacturer fault , a damage batch ; device falling or getting tossed ; user sat down with the device in his back pocket . keep reading as to better understand the misleading information found on the mentioned forums ! clear some ideas randomly break there is no such thing like " randomly break " , every device that physically breaks has a cause behind . faulty software the software is not responsible for the device physical damage , the software interacts and allows the usage of the hardware . every software that directly interacts with the hardware has built in fail-safes to prevent abuses . take the example of a battery charge , when you are charging the system may present you with a message informing that the charge process was interrupted to prevent heat damage to the device . glass or display while users tend to call screen and say " my screen is broken " , they should actually be specific enough as to clarify if the glass is broken or the display module is broken . the two are very distinct , carrying different reasons as to why they may have broken . why would a glass or display module break ? the glass the motorola droid razr maxx comes equipped with a gorilla® glass . despite the heavy promotion that its indestructible , there is no truth to that . this glass enables your device to resist damage like scrapes , bumps and drops , from the abuses that come with everyday use . a small drop in the right angle can shred the glass due to the force propagation within the impact point to the remaining of the device : e.g. , take a 22 inches fall , is just over 4 times the height of the phone . comparing this to a human been , could the average 6' tall person survive a fall of over 24' without breaking in some way ? on the other hand , a battery dilatation due to excessive heat will never cause the glass to break . way before that , the plastic casing would crack , some components could even melt , and eventually the glass would fell off , lying on the floor shining like a brand new one : ) from the corning® gorilla® glass - faqs : can i break gorilla glass ? if subjected to enough abuse , gorilla glass can break . however , gorilla glass is better able to survive the real-world events that most commonly cause glass to scratch , chip , or break . the display schematic of an active matrix oled display the motorola droid razr maxx comes equipped with motorola 's super amoled advanced . while the glass is designed and used with one specific purpose , the protection of the display from scrapes , bumps and drops , the display can be affected from other directions , not just by its front . if a phone falls and hits the ground by its corner , the glass has no effect protecting the display . the phone casing may not be sufficient to absorve the impact , and the resulting force from the impact may damage or even crack the display . the display is actually more sensitive than the remaining components of a mobile device . prevent damaging the display or glass the best way to prevent damage to the device , either by accident or by careless handling during use are : avoid charging the device while exposed to heat or direct sunlight . protect it with an exterior rubber casing , to absorb the impact force generated when it falls . if carried closely with hard objects , consider using a device casing , preferably made of leather or any other robust material to prevent damage from bumps . do not carry the phone inside tight jeans or in your back pocket . your natural movements or if you sit down , may exercise overwhelming force into the device .
if you want to create the dumpstate file from a pc ( using adb ) , run this command from a shell : adb shell dumpstate &gt; dumpstate.log  this will create the file dumpstate.log in the current directory on your pc . you can use this as part of a bug report .
here 's a couple of answers to start with : email hangouts ( or any other im app ) , which usually require the other person to be logged in . glympse - send a check-in glympse to their mobile number with a message . they will get it as a text . using some sms gateway either via web ( browser ) or a specific sms app supporting this using a messenger app like tango , skype , or line
for starters , this should not be here , this should have been asked at the xda thread itself . with all the tweaks they make to their rom , it would have been a good idea . second , with mtp , there is no need for charge only . the sd card and phone storage is always available when you are connected . " charge only " was relevant when you were on ics or gb and you had ums ( usb mass storage ) .
as it is two questions in one , you need two answers : to run commands via adb , you do not need to set that mode now - you just need to have usb debugging enabled , and the cmd commands will work . just remember that having usb debugging enabled could warrant a security risk as it may allow someone that has stolen your phone to access it is data without having to unlock it , but as you seem to have had it enabled previously , then i believe you should understand the risks . concerning the usb connection mode : in the old android version , that mode caused issues ( due to manufacturer modifications ) , since jellybean , android uses mtp , so that option became redundant .
if you are looking to buy a cable that you can use to attach a usb keyboard to that connector , then everywhere i have seen calls it something like a " 30-pin samsung socket " , and the cables are called something like " 30-pin to usb otg adapter cable " or " usb otg adapter cable for samsung galaxy tab 2 " , eg examples on amazon . com , or on ebay . com . samsung themselves either seem to avoid naming the port when they are selling their official adapters and cables that plug into it , or just call it a "30 pin": " galaxy tab adapters " or " galaxy tab™ data cable ( charging ) usb to 30 pin "
globalsat bt-359cs works fine with mine . watch the screen saver though . if it kicks in the bluetooth connection gets messed up .
thanks . . finally purchaed a btgp35km and all is fine . also , i have discovered my tracks , and google labs zone download , which enables downloading a 10 sq miles map on your android , thus enabling offline ( sorry only found the french version - http://www.maximejohnson.com/techno/2011/07/tutoriel-comment-telecharger-des-cartes-sur-google-maps-android/ )
i do not believe you need to worry about hardware compatibility beyond the bt specs . your a43it uses bluetooth 2.1 edr so as long as the bt gps supports that it should be all set . you will either need an internet connection to use google maps , or like you were planning , an app that downloads the maps , like copilot . i have not gotten around to buying one yet , but i have been doing some digging in preperation . here 's some links that may help : bluegps4droid - app over at xda that interfaces with the bt gps this guy is using his nexus 1 to give his a70it wifi and gps here 's another relevant thread . . . and another . let me know what you end up doing and what works in case you beat me to the setup .
you could try elixir 2 . it lets you add different kinds of toggle widgets , including mute widgets .
the poweramp app will respond to " listen to . . . " commands . it is a good music player if you are willing to pay about $5 , but it does have a free trial .
try using the apps suggested here and configure them to launch the program of choice .
have you tried gpsfix kind of apps from play store ? and take a look at web site samsung galaxy s2 gps problem ? solved ! which talks about how a battery saving option ( disabling repetitive polling of gps data ) causes fix issues and how it can be tweaked using another app , gps control for sgs2 which is mentioned there . before starting with these two , just for ruling out false alarms , can you try getting a fix with your internet connectivity on and in open place where you can see sky like in fields ? all said and done , i still do not know why magnetic north is flipped in your case !
does the gps work with the stock rom of your mobile ? if yes then the problem seems to come from cm . if jelly bean is not available as stock rom for your mobile it is likely that the gps will not work with cm jelly bean because then the necessary drivers are likely to be missing .
a reboot seems to fix the problem reliably , but this is an unacceptable solution .
found it for my sgs2 with jellybean rainbox rom , and read about it on a nexus forum : you should disable google location in settings . reboot your phone and enable it again . gps fixes right away now ; - )
i found a solution in this answer in the xda forum . to generalize and hopefully be of use to others , the key point seems to be that even if you think you have the right rom for the right device , it might be that your particular model has very slight differences . in my case , if i understand correctly , i was using roms built for the gt-i9100 model of the samsung galaxy s2 . however , the device issued in japan , the sc-02c , has some very slight differences . so , i needed to get be more particular about which software i downloaded .
i know this sounds silly , but i think it is likely that your hand is wrapped around the phone and thereby gently touching the screen with the tip of your fingers or you are touching the volume down key that goes to vibrate mode . technical possibilities could be : -setting in the facebook app , maybe it is sending some sort of notification equivalent that just vibrates instead of showing up on your screen . -it could also be a different application that runs in the background and gives you notification vibrations . to solve that , go to applications manager , and click through applications and disable push notifications until you find the culprit . hope that helped .
there is a single list of contacts . but smartphones allow many different contact providers ( google contacts , facebook , sim card , internal phone contacts , skype , . . . ) . but they are all shown within the same app in a single list . a symbol tells you where the contact came from . i recommend to use google contacts as main contacts provider . do not save contacts on the sim card and the internal phone memory . google contacts are automatically synced with your phone and the cloud . you can comfortably edit the contacts @ google.com/contacts . every edit is instantly propagated to your phone . and if you change your device you simply add your google account and all your contacts will appear there , too . no more sim card contact importing/exporting . in order to solve the problem of duplicate contacts from different contact providers android provides a ' join contacts ' feature , which merges the information from different providers into one single contact .
it is entirely possible that there simply are no cards to display . if you do not have a wireless connection on , for instance , it can not fetch data to populate cards for viewing . available cards also depend on several other factors such as whether the gps is on , whether you allow google to track you/your data , and what country you live in ( most now cards are us-centric ; living in canada , the only ones that ever come up for me are weather and " time to travel " navigation cards )
press home button and then slide to the search icon . you should be able to see " show more cards " button . if not then slide down to the very bottom of the screen , you will see three dots in the bottom-right corner . click this , open settings dialog and then click on google now tab . you will have the option to turn it on then . if it is not appearing check also top right corner of the screen for a switch available .
first be aware that you are transferring data over a wide area wireless device ( the range of 3g is much wider than wifi ) , therefore it is easier for an attacker to snoop on whatever your device is transmitting on 3g than on wifi . the 3g/gprs only has a lightweight encryption ( to limit unnecessary use of cpu power and battery , which is already scarce in mobile devices ) , this encryption should never be relied upon . however , applications can use its own encryption . i have not checked into it specifically , but i would presume that google checkout on android does use ssl encryption ; which is widely accepted to be strong enough for doing online purchases . in short , you should not need to worry about doing online purchases using android market . if you are doing purchases on other apps , you should check whether they are using ssl or other strong encryption . be aware that your banking details are being transmitted wirelessly , it is trivial for anyone to record data that are transmitted using radio waves ; your only line of defense is ssl encryption , which should hold attackers at bay long enough until your credit card expires .
the setting at the domain level was the issue . i enabled it , and it starting working a few hours later . this should not be an issue for standard google accounts - just google apps accounts .
yes , it is possible to factory reset ( wipe ) the phone , and then it'll be like new . if you want to make sure the phone can not be used any more , you have to report the theft to the police and make sure to give them the imei of the phone . ( it should be written on the box it came in , or possibly your carrier will know . ) then they will blacklist the imei so the phone will not work on any cell network .
this comment helped me , though i also had to create a udev rule stackexchange-url the udev rule is given below , please note that kumar is my username on my box .
use the combination of these 2 tools , it could be that the neighbouring wirelles is interfering if that is the case you can chage the channels . 2 nice tools to use : inssider fing - network tools
my android tablet also stopped connecting to my home wireless and reports connection out of range even when sitting in the same room as my access point ( ap ) . i have looked everywhere for a solution doing everything from restarting my ap and tablet , changing the pw and even security mode ( wep , wpk , etc ) with no success . my ap is an old router set to ap mode and uses a single broadcast channel . i went in and reset the channle from 13 to 11 and voila ! instant connection with my tablet .
thanks samsung for fixing the issues and bugs in 4.2.2 they released a new update just a few days before and now it seems everything fine . no hanging after the latest stability update . battery backup is fine . charging time is reduced . good performance . the only problem is i can’t download facebook application because it gets stopped downloading after 60 or 70 % . but i can install the app using a backup . now i am enjoying the new jellybean 4.2.2 after a few days regretting about updating my device .
guys just try factory reset i was having the same problem but now its smooth as earlier . . . .
i am thinking a factory reset could do the trick for you . make sure do backup your things with something like titanium backup .
open gmail from a computer and go to the contacts page , it might be stored there
you could try remove your account at the accounts and synchronisation panel in the settings and add it again so it will sync your full account .
also check you have not deleted them fully from source . if you have then google instructions on restoring contacts . google backs them up on restore points and this can be done for up to a month after deleting
the original nexus 7 does support screen mirroring to chromecast . this feature was added in android 4.4 , so if you are still using an old android version on your nexus 7 , you will need to do a system update . from the settings app , go to display then cast screen . do not bother with the chromecast app at all . the option 's in a different place on the s3 , and it is designed primarily for samsung 's competitor to the chromecast , but i expect it would work with both . from the settings app , at the bottom of the connections page , click screen mirroring . the phone will start looking for devices it can cast to .
when locking a device using android device manager it replaces the previous " screen lock " with a password . once you have entered the password you can follow these steps to remove/replace the screen lock : go to settings > security > screen lock enter the password you entered via android device manager choose your new screen lock method ( pattern , slide , pin etc . ) steps performed on a nexus 5 , they might be slightly different on other devices
the pricing model is nice . you can set a list price . they will sell the app for ( almost any ) price . you will either get 70% of list price or 20% of sell price , whichever is higher . so occasionally they might give it for free and that increases your sales ( without losing revenue ) or they might sell for a high price ( which is good if people ready to pay for it ) .
angry birds ( paid/ad-free ) , angry birds seasons ( paid/ad-free ) , angry birds rio . that is it , if you like angry birds , that is . these are currently exclusive to amazon 's appstore , for the time being . there are probably other apps that are exclusive as well , i do not have a list . the amazon appstore is be taking advantage of its recommendation engine and the one-click purchasing it is known for . in that regard it is leaps and bounds better than the current android market/google checkout system , must faster , however the recommendations will only take into account apps you have purchased through amazon 's system , so it might not be super useful at first . the main advantage of the amazon appstore is that you do not need google 's blessing , meaning you can install this on any device ( above a certain android os version ) that does not come with the official android market , say one of those cheap chinese tablets . you have access to many of the same apps , so long as the developer has uploaded them to both places , without the need for google to okay the device . update : if you like to play games on your phone gameloft 's commitment to use the amazon appstore exclusively is significant .
a nice feature of the amazon app store is that it is tied to your amazon account , not your google account . this means if you have two phones with different gmail accounts in the same house , you can share apps if they both log into the amazon app store with the same login . on android market , i have had to buy apps twice in that case .
there are a number of differences between the two marketplaces and while " advantages " may be somewhat subjective there are a few specific features that the amazon app store has that the market place does not . amazon claims to test each app before making them available for download to ensure that " each app works as outlined in [ the ] product description , does not impair the functionality of the mobile device or put customer data at risk once installed . " they offer one " paid " app for free each day . some apps have a " test drive " feature on their website that allows you to try the app in a virtualized android interface in your browser ( although i can not seen to find an app that has this feature yet ) . amazon is employing their recommendation engine to suggest apps you may like based on your purchase history . it should be noted that at the moment the amazon app store only works in the us ( unless you are able to use a us proxy in another country ) and the service is blocked on at and t devices .
i just figured it out , just go to the download manager from settings-apps and turn of notification and again turn on notification that is all , it work or me .
this very much depends on your device and your version of android . as a temporary remedy you could try and force a stop of the market application instead of having to reboot your device manually every time . pressing menu - settings - applications - manage applications - all - market - force stop should close the market and restart the download when you retry .
it happens generally when kernel discards market from memory . in android , there're many ways to achieve multi-tasking . market app achieves it by running its service in background . this way market app is not killed . but , when kernel runs out of memory , it has no other choices . it kills other apps ( even having running service ) to reclaim memory , otherwise device would be crashed . such power killing returns unstable and unexpected results . so , to prevent it lower down running app load from system . you can hunt down running apps from settings ~> applications ~> running services . simply uninstall all unwanted always-running apps . plus , market might have memory leaks etc . type bugs on your device . so , its better to contact android support if previous step does not help . they really respond ( do not think its google ) .
i had this same exact problem . they start , they pause , they quit , and you have to try again . the solution for me , albeit a little overboard , was to flash a new rom . this was not the only reason , and i noticed this download issue only happened after my device got pretty bogged down ( not much internal storage left ) , but regardless of the reasons , reflashing took care of the problem . i know erasing your phone is obvious and not optimal , but a fresh start is always good : )
have you tried this app here : contactsync i am using it to sync my vcards to my new galaxy and it worked fine .
if i remember correctly , android natively reads vcf files for import just put your .vcf file in any folder in the sdcard . then open your contacts app . look for the 3 grey dots on the upper right of the screen and press it . select import from the list . next , select import from external memory . wait for a while for it to finish . close the app after importing your contacts and open it again to refresh the data . you should start seeing all of your contacts after that . unfortunately vcf file can only contain information , no pictures , it is still stored on your nokia 's memory
the changelog droid app will start building a history of app changes from the date it is installed .
mmc0: error -110 whilst initialising MMC card this means that the internal sd card has failed . the common workaround for this is to install android to an external sd card . i can not comment on the samsung galaxy s , but i am currently doing this for a samsung galaxy tab using the following instructions : http://forum.gsmhosting.com/vbb/f606/internal-sdcard-damaged-1471227/ hopefully you can find some instructions specific to your phone .
unfortunately it is not , my galaxy s ii already has a lot of little scratches on the camera " glass " , and unlike in my old htc desire phone , gsii does not have extra " glass " in the back plate to protect the actual lens . so when it gets scratched i cannot just exchange the backplate : ( . i treat my phone very gently , so i am very surprised to see the lens having some many little scratches : ( . clearly in gsii the lens is way too unprotected and near the surface when you place it on flat surface . as a extra step , i bought case-mate " though " case to add a bit more space between the lens and flat surface . although the lens is scratched all the pictures seem to be just fine . phew . . .
yeah it is not , have seen scratches on a friends gsii rear facing camera myself .
i think your build f miui doesnt have the code for mounting the sd-ext partition on boot . to check this , open the init . d folder in your new rom and see if it has any file relating to sd-ext . this link has a init . d script for mounting the sd-ext partition link
get minitool partition wizard home edition which once installed in your computer , will be show all partitions on your sd card and maybe able to to restore old partitions , if you have not wiped your sd card yet . mini wizard is for your computer and get a external card reader and insert the sd card or connect your phone in usb mass storage mode to see the partitions .
go to settings > display > rotation . in there you might have the option to enable 180 degrees . this works for me using cm9 so hopefully it works for you .
for the process to work , requirements are : titanium backup zip file , see below the license key file TitaniumBackup_license.txt . the idea being , is copy the license file and install the app onto the new device . caveat emptor this is only for legitimate licensed titanium backup owners . device is rooted usb cable plugged into device functioning copy of adb . step 1 . easiest way , is to generate the titanium backup zip file , tap menu scroll to the bottom , titled ' special features ' tap on " create ' update . zip ' " scripting type - edify default titanium backup will be installed as - user application default select the name of the output file - titaniumbackup-6.1.0 . zip tap that selection this will create the appropriate zip file on the /sdcard . pull that zip file across to your pc , as in adb pull /sdcard/TitaniumBackup-6.1.0.zip . unzip it , the file to look for is data/app/com.keramidas.TitaniumBackup.apk step 2 . pull the license file across to pc , as in adb pull /sdcard/TitaniumBackup_license.txt final step . now with both steps completed , it is a matter of : pushing the license file across to the new device as in adb push TitaniumBackup_license.txt /sdcard . it must be the root of the sdcard , anywhere else , it fails ! install the apk , as in adb install data/app/com.keramidas.TitaniumBackup.apk now launch the titanium backup , it should pick up the license file and treat it as pro version . in the event it does not , its likely a very weird glitch in the application , try reboot the device , to see if it works , if not , report it to the developers . ( i have this problem on my xperia mini , have a valid license , and it does not recognize it despite having the license in the root directory of the sdcard ! ) the hardcore way this will apply to any app . gist of these steps , is to move the application to /system/app . remount the system as re-writeable , adb remount shell in via adb and invoke su , adb shell followed by su . move the app from the /data/app to /system/app directory for example : an app called fooBarApp its underlying name is /data/app/fooBarApp-1.apk so without further ado : cp /data/app/fooBarApp-1.apk /system/app/fooBarApp.apk ( we need to drop the -1 part of the name as system apps do not have them ) rm /data/app/fooBarApp-1.apk ( to avoid duplication ! ) at this point , the ownership may get clobbered , or the permissions , for that matter , so make it chmod 644 /system/app/fooBarApp.apk reboot
i just usually long-press the item until i get the popup menu from the browser , press back to hide the menu and the hover is activated . not a foolproof method but works most of the time . this way i can be almost sure that the tap does not send a click event . tested on 3.2 , 4.0 , 4.0.2 vanilla browsers and chrome/chrome beta on ics .
smartphones and tablets have an obvious problem with events like mouseover : when there’s no mouse cursor , there’s no way to mouse over controls . some techniques may be applied as a work around , but it is hard to have them working decently . testing : with minimal success do not know what browser are you using , but with my phone : agent : mozilla/5.0 ( linux ; u ; android 2.3.3 ; en-us ; u8510 build/huaweiu8510 ) applewebkit/533.1 ( khtml , like gecko ) version/4.0 mobile safari/533.1 if i long press the menu that contains a sub-menu presented with mouseover , it opens after about 3 seconds ( even though , every two out of three , the click for the main menu gets triggered ) . ps : the website used to test it was developed by me , so i know for sure that there is no support for mobile phones being used .
on this page dedicated to hard reset of cell phones , you can find video tutorial , that will guide you through whole process step by step . the tutorial is safe and easy to understand .
a factory reset usually does not touch " external storage " ( may sound confusing , but that includes the " internal sdcard " as well ) – unless it explicitly specifies so ( some devices/roms have a corresponding checkbox in the system menu , usually settings → backup and reset , where this might be specified to be included ) . what a factory reset usually does is , basically , to wipe /cache ( where the application cache should be ) and /data ( where the userdata reside , including the apps the user installed ) . which means : nothing is wrong here , it is " working as designed " . if you want the sdcard to be wiped , you will have to do so yourself . you can e.g. use a file manager app , or connect your device to a computer . or simply use a terminal app ( or adb shell ) , and invoke rm -rf /storage/sdcard0/* to have all files removed from there . see also : factory-reset tag-wiki
most devices have the system partition mounted as read-only . you need to remount the partition with write access so that you can modify the files . this free app should work . other utilities such as es file explorer and titanium backup also have the ability to remount the system partition as writeable . alternatively , you can use a terminal emulator or adb to run the following command , which should remount the volume as well . su mount -o remount,rw /system /system after the volume is mounted as read/write , you can go ahead and move the app over . the volume will remain read/write until you reboot the device , at which time it will revert to read-only .
use es file explorer . . select menu-> switch on root explorer under tools . again click on root explorer . a pop up window will appear . select mount r/w -> select rw option from the new popup for '/' and ' system ' . now onto your operation . you will now be able to move the files without failure .
cyanogenmod rom has a built-in updater application which can periodically ( or manually ) check their servers for a new release of the rom . your current rom version and date stamp are sent ( in a completely anonymous way , no identifiable information is sent for privacy reasons ) to their servers , and any new versions are returned . the user is then presented with a notification , and can choose to download the update ( entire rom actually ) and automatically or manually flash it via recovery .
can you check with the gps turned off for a while ? i have heard reports of heating and restarts most of which refer to multiple things being active increasing current demands from the dock . here are a few references , n1 heat issue while charging + gps ? at the nexusoneforum nexus one is overheating in car dock , becoming unresponsive ( google android forum ) here is a quote from the second link , have use car dock overheat problem before , but i solved the problem now ! the car dock 12v to 5v adaptor it can provide max . 2a current maximum , the phone voltage is 3.7v , when you use this adaptor direct connect to the phone car dock , the phone begin charging , the charging current supplied by car adaptor , if you at same time your phone operating like navigation ( gps , data ) or video streaming and just not the screen off , this time the phone 's power provided by car adaptor through the phone itself , therefore the current = charging current + operatin current provided by car adaptor . this probelm very easy to solve , you just need to buy usb car adaptor from car accessories shop , the usb car adaptor maximum supply current not more than 1a or less , and then buy a micro usb cable connnect to the car dock body , the overheat problem have been solved .
place it on the air conditioning vent and velcro it on . now you have a speed charger with no overheating . i had the same issue and this solved it .
you could try to do a factory reset and then try to check out your trouble with kies . note : backup all your data before the reset !
as i did not find any suitable solutions i decided to write my own widget . it is available on google play : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=eu.siebeck.sipswitch i also made the source code available : https://github.com/robert7k/sipswitch
reset the phone works . only difference is that i have to set the device into discoverable mode each time i turn the bluetooth on . it was automatically set before .
the htc one x version will not work on the htc one x+ , so if you want to install cyanogenmod , it'll have to be the unofficial build you link to .
i had a simliar problem , where a certain person did not appear on viber ( in the all tab ) , however i am using the stock application all around . it was solved by changing the group assigned to the contact ( originally it had no group assigned , and i assigned it to my contacts ) .
this is an official representative of viber media . the source of this issue could greatly vary . please read this short page in our helpdesk , quoted below outlining some possible workarounds that will help reboot synchronization of the contact list : android : contact list is not showing your friends as viber users ? make sure you are using the latest version of viber . you can download the latest version from http://www.viber.com/ make sure that you are looking at the viber contact list , not your device 's contact list . in order for your contacts to see you as a viber user and be able to call you through viber , your phone number , which is saved on their address book , must be the exact same number that you used to register to viber and vice- versa . try tapping on the ' more ' tab at the bottom of the viber app , then select " settings " and the add a check mark [ √ ] to " show all contacts " once you installed viber , if you do not see someone in your contact list whom you know to have viber , it might be that the list is not updated ( this may be due to an unstable connection during setup , or just a slight delay ) . to update your contact list , re-sync it by re-initiating viber or by manually updating your contacts list . you do not need to uninstall and reinstall viber . shut viber down ( so that it no longer runs in the background ) or turn the phone off , and then re-open it . if this does not work , try the following steps : send the user an invite and if the number is a registered viber user , it will automatically update the viber contact list . enter into your viber contact list , then select the device 's menu button , and tap on " update contacts " . then just click your device ' home ' button . viber will run in the background . in about 30 min . to an hour , check again by clicking on the viber icon . confirm that you have an active internet connection . dial a number manually , using the viber keypad delete the contact with the missing viber badge from your contact list . add it again and make sure to include the country code . the phone number format should include the plus sign , country code , cell code and phone number . the standard format is : + ( country code ) - ( cell code ) - ( phone number ) for example : +1-555-555-5555 for more questions or technical support , please visit our official helpdesk . from the faq : try tapping on the " more " tab at the bottom of the viber app , then select " settings " and the add a check mark [ √ ] to " show all contacts " .
i noticed that a contact is recognized when i remove it from all contact groups . when i add the contact back to a group , it disappears again in viber . so this is a rather unpleasant workaround , but technically it would work ( at least for me ) .
if your phone is working on outside wifi connections , and your office computers are working fine then its probably the proxy . ask your it department they should give you a manual proxy address and port to get round the proxy and you should be good to go .
turn off bluetooth . i had same problem and as i looked through the settings i noticed the blue tooth was on .
first thing to do is to check the device 's settings . it might very well be you just " silenced " your phone one way or the others . there are different places to look for : open the notification area . on many ( recent ) devices , it holds some shortcuts to frequently used stuff as toggling wifi , airplane mode , and also mute ( i.e. . switch between " complete mute " , " vibration only " , and " normal noise" ) . check all your stuff in the settings menu . different manufacturers/devices/roms have different settings in different places which might cause this if you use some " automation tool " like tasker , llama , or the like , check whether it could be one of its profiles if the above still did not solve the issue , make a good backup and then factory-reset your device . if the device still stays mute after that , it is unlikely to be resolved on a software level , but rather a hardware failure . so in that case , you should contact the service ; if the device is still under warranty , they should fix it for free .
anyone else who has this should also try plugging in headphones to see if that makes any difference . when it happened to after on a rainy run , i could not hear anything through the main speaker so i plugged in some headphones and they were ok . happily , once i would unplugged the headphones , the main speakers were ok again . i can not be certain but it is my guess that some moisture from the rain had made its way into the headphone socket and the resulting circuit made the phone think that headphones were connected . when i plugged out the headphone jack , maybe it cleared the moisture . whatever , it is working now : )
this worked for me ! verizon : solution : go to google play website and download the free app soundabout . install and then play some music or do not . check the " wired headseat detection " box off within that app . sound should resume . once you do that , you can check it back on and it will be fine . sound might be lost everytime you plug in a headset . good luck ! really google tech support is incompetent . - they gave me a long list with crap instructions like turning volumes on off .
to firewall , you need a root , as it modifies the iptables and filters the network stack . the iptables comes with droidwall which is btw , an excellent tool and a must have if your rom is rooted : ) edit : just checked mine , in theory its possible to create a script to modify the iptables to block the domain calendar . google . com whilst allowing play . google . com to pass through . droidwall 's set of rules are a bit too generic though , but you can most certainly set the custom script by hitting menu from within droidwall itself and use it to suit your custom needs : ) the ip address for calendar . google . com is 173.194.33.37 . and for play . google . com is 173.194.33.37 . sure they are the same , but you need to find out what port is the calendar using , same for play . linky here that explains how to do add custom script .
you should do the following : select one e-mail ( check mark next to the mail ) click on " menu " ( top right corner ) and " select all " now you can delete all emails
to remove some of the desktop panes , you will have to use an alternative launcher . unfortunately , i am not familiar with honeycomb so i can not give you any recommendations besides looking in the play store .
i fixed it by creating the sd-ext partition as another primary partition . works fine now . i hope this helps somebody .
ability to restore deleted entries really varies from each calendar . assuming you made your entries to google calendar and did not sync it to the cloud , then no it is not possible to restore it .
i can see this is an old thread , but there have been a few new phones announced recently with ant+ support . this list is updated regularly : http://www.thisisant.com/directory/filter/~/60/~/ and now includes the sony z1 and z ultra ( two new flagship phones ) and the samsung galaxy note 3 .
to add to the list , supposedly samsung is going to release a firmware to enable ant+ on their s4 and others http://www.dcrainmaker.com/2013/10/samsung-mobile-devices.html
as well as the phones with embeded ant support it is now possible to use ant via a usb ant stick . the phone needs to have working usb host mode support but that is true for most modern phones . i posted some details when the anouncement came out a few months back as a developer of some ant related apps .
in order to enable ant+ in android devices there are mainly two options . one is to have a smartphone with ant+ built-in , another is to add an ant usb stick and connect it to the smartphone using a usb otg ( onthego ) cable . however , also the android applications have to be written to support the external ant usb stick . at the moment , only applications that use the official ant alliance apis are able to communicate with the external accessory . this situation will probably change in the near future , but this is the state of the art , concerning ant+ and android . for more info , check this how to : http://www.selfloops.com/resources/tech-guides.html
add nexus 5 , nexus 10 , htc one and lg g2 . root is required though . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.z2software.antplus
ant+ is enabled by sw upgarde only in phones that contains ti 1271/1281 connectivty devices
you can also go to the official ant+ website at www.thisisant.com and then under the ' directory ' tab ( www.thisisant.com/directory ) select in the filter options the following checkbox : categories > mobile phones/devices
for the tour de france google created some custom firmware to run on htc legends so that they could track the riders in real-time . it seems those phones also have the ant+ capabilities . i believe that those chips are fairly common in many phones . the protocol is apparently similar to bluetooth so it is not much additional work for the chip manufacturers , like ti , to put it into their chips . i think the biggest obstacle is the drivers for the ant+ protocol do not come with the phone . that was the custom part of the firmware that google provided . check out this article here for more about the tour de france . have a look at this link as well .
get a prepaid and leave your phone with no credit most of the time ( if you hunt around , you might be able to find operators that will keep your number for a year after expiry ) . with no credit , you can still receive calls . carry a recharge card in your wallet ( or in a notes app in the phone ) just in case you really need to make an urgent phone call . if you are almost always in a wifi covered area ( in home and in school/work ) , then you can do all your messaging using google voice , im , voip , etc . you should not need to download apps over data connection , download them over wifi . check your weather before you leave , and if you want to use google maps , cache it in the phone before you leave a wifi-covered area ( alternatively , find a mapping software that uses offline maps ) . with this , your phone can live off electricity almost exclusively .
yes . i agree with everything that bryan has said but want to add . . . you can use an app like phone usage that helps you monitor your network traffic . the pro version ( $2.35 ) also allows you to set data limits that will send you a notification if you go over . so you could set it to 125 mb and you had know when you are getting close and you can throttle down your usage . verizon has a 30 day return policy ( although i think they are changing it to 15 days ) so you can monitor your traffic and if you find that you are using waaay too much you can always cancel and go back to what ever you had before . another useful app ( if you have rooted your device ) if droidwall which lets you set which apps can access your 3g connection . this would be useful if you identify that an app that requires background sync and uses a lot of data . it would also be good if you are getting close to you 150 mb limit and want to lock down your data usage . finally , many apps let you set a wifi only rule . for example beyondpod has a setting in the apps that says " only download podcasts when on wifi " but if you really want to take control of your phone you can download tasker and set an almost unlimited set of rules for how your phone operates .
using wifi == not using your data plan . so that will help reduce data usage from your provider . so long as you are not streaming ( music/video/youtube/etc ) or downloading large amounts of data ( podcasts , for example ) then you should be fine . or at least save those activities for when you are on wifi . downloading apps : each app can be anywhere from 100kb to 10mb+ in size . save these for your wifi unless it is an update you really need then and there . weather/maps : should not be too heavy of data . same with google voice .
robert excuse me in french , le problem avec le serveur df-dferh-01 , vient du fait que votre appareil est très récent et que les serveurs de votre opérateur internet ne sont pas mis à niveau , si vous avec un téléphone avec une version ancienne pas de probleme avec google play si vous avez un téléphone ou tablette neuve avec les dernière version androïd = pas de google play . le responsable est votre opérateur internet ! ! ! ! oui veuillez faire suivre l'information merci et patience google translation : robert excuse me in french , the problem with the server-dferh df-01 comes from the fact that your device is very recent and that your operator internet servers are not upgraded , if you have a phone with an older version no problem with google play if you have a new phone or tablet with the latest version google android = no play . the operator responsible for your internet ! ! yes please forward the information thank you and patience
i have encountered this message as well . its one of your applications . try to uninstall the last three applications you have installed if you remember their order .
any application that uses receive_boot_completed permission can run when the phone boots ( i.e. . when it is first turned on ) , in your case to display a toast message . try checking the permissions on your ( recently installed ) apps . any application that uses " start on boot " permission is a candidate for your problem . to further answer your question , i doubt it is a virus , especially if the app in question is installed from official sources . most likely just a feature developer implemented to notify himself .
after researching this in local forums , it turned out to a sim card issue . my carrier had a series of yellow sim cards that for some reason caused this problem . i had my carrier replace it , and i have been on cm ever since ( with a short break for aokp ) .
as of version 1.2.5 , tethering has been included in afwall+ , you should only need to enable ( tethering ) - dhcp+dns services
i had the same problem with wifi tethering after i installed droidwall . though the wifi connection was successful but i got no internet access . i got it working simply by adding the dns in my laptop . hope , it works for you or anyone facing the same problem . change/add dns 4.2.2.2 and 8.8.8.8 in your pc/laptop . that is it .
it is normal to disable droidwall , for the reason that it blocks any incoming packets for port 67 , to allow wifi tethering to work . or quite simply , allow a custom script that matches the port number 67 which is dhcp to pass through . fyi about droidwall - the functionality and development efforts have been discontinued and the author sold it off to avast . the fork of droidwall is called afwall+ which can be found here and found on google play which is apparently better than the old droidwall . edit since wifi-tether operates on both tcp/udp 's port number 67 ( for dhcp to work ) , here 's the rules necessary : $IPTABLES -A "droidwall-wifi" -p TCP --destination-port 67 -j RETURN $IPTABLES -A "droidwall-wifi" -p UDP --destination-port 67 -j RETURN  this rule here enables adbwireless to work with droidwall enabled . $IPTABLES -A "droidwall-wifi" --destination "0.0.0.0" --destination-port 5555 -j RETURN  you also have to enable wi-fi access for " apps running as root " for this to work .
in short , yes . android apps are upward compatible as @ce4 said . but if you are going to build an app , its best to compile it on the latest version of android , ie jelly bean 4.2.1 . this question would have been better suited on stackoverflow .
yes i used to have this problem , where the phone connects once and then again i connect and face the same problem as you , then again i restart my phone and it is ok . this happens if you disconnect your phone with out ejecting the drive properly , one remedy is reset . but mine is ok after a few times , hope yours will be too .
the rom that bsnl customer care provided might not have gapps installed . you can download a relevant version of gapps from goo . im/gapps . based on the information you had provided , you can use gapps-ics-20120429-signed . zip . download that zip file and place it in your sd card . install rommanager from their site . once installed , choose install zip option and select the zip file .
another app that i ended up using instead of permissions is rl permissions . i prefer the interface . as far as which one works better , i do not know .
use market applications like permission watchdog or permissions . also , there are several others .
aspotcat is also a nice app for permission audit .
have you tried mx video player with the mx video player codec ( armv7 ) ?
this has nothing to do with the file being of type mp4 and everything to do with the video codec being used . if you have video files that are not playing particularly well on the tablet , you should consider looking at handbrake , a free piece of software that allows you to convert video formats . in-depth instructions are available at how to : handbrake and a500 on xda-developers . basically , you want to use the following settings in the application : load your video in handbrake picture tab - set anamorphic to loose and width to 1280 video tab - select constant quality with a value of 20 audio tab - audio codec aac ( faac ) , mixdown dolby pro logic ii , samplerate auto , bitrate 160 , drc 0.0 there are some settings that can be tweaked in the advance tab ( see the forum post i linked ) . you can then save this profile in handbrake and run this for any video files you encounter . for playback on the iconia , i use mobo player but there are others that work fine .
you could give a try to a pre-alpha version of vlc . be warned this is not a finalized application and there might be errors , but it is still worth a try .
i can not answer the first part of your answer . for the question better mp4 player i would suggest you mobo player and rock player .
it downloads them to your sd card . i do not use google listen but i installed it and downloaded a podcast . it put it in : /sdcard/com.google.android.apps.listen/downloads  the name of the file might be something odd so you might need to rename them but that is where they are all located .
as i said in several comments , the calendar app is the way to interact with your calendar offline . if you are interacting with the calendar via the browser , you need to be connected . the android browser does not support any sort of " plug-in " .
if you sync the google account used with the calendar to the phone , the calendars can be synced too and viewed/edited offline with your phones ' calendar app .
can i search for android apps that are in hebrew or kurdish ? no . afaict , there is nothing that marks the language used in the app . are all apps automatically translated into all languages ? no . the complexity of reliable machine translation so is currently beyond our current technology ; natural language processing and machine translation is still a hot research topic .
