droidinfo has some benchamrking features .
the amazon kindle store and the google android market are different stores . apps you buy in one store are not honored in the other store . you can install the amazon store on your nexus one pretty easily , so you will be able to use apps you buy on your fire on your nexus one . but going the other way is more trouble ( it currently requires you have rooted your kindle fire ) . see how can i get the android market installed on my kindle fire ?
is there something like : people app -> press the menu button bottom right ( the 3 vertical dots ) -> settings -> sort list by
i use ssh in a terminal . so the private key is protected simply by the unix filesystem and android 's user-per-app design : only better terminal emulator pro can read id_rsa , and only ssh and other programs i am aware of run under it . whatever your app is , it need only do this to enjoy the same security from other apps . full-sdcard encryption , unless it comes packaged with a filesystem having a comparable system of permissions , will not protect your data from other apps .
there is an app called screen resolution that will tell you the , ummm , screen resolution : ) what device do you have , i have seen some specs for devices coming with a 12.1 mp camera , mostly by sony ericsson , but i do not think they are out yet , so it is possible that the manufacture is not lying .
this turned out to be a problem with my router - earlier today i also noticed that i could not connect to my printer either - it seems like the router had gotten in a weird ap isolation mode or something like that somehow - i rebooted it and i can connect to the s4 as expected now .
the device does not run on the charger . it will always run on the battery , unless the battery is not present . the discharge you see can be from just applications on the device running in the background . the charger stops charging the battery when it reaches full status . note that this may not be 100% , even on a brand new battery . my battery does not charge past 96% any longer . once it reaches that , it reports full and the device stops charging the device . the device stops charging once the battery reports full so it does not over charge and damage the battery . this is why you probably see that the battery is at 98% after leaving it on the charger for a while . it does charge full ( any probably to 100% , or close to it ) but then the device stops charging once it is full . it wont just start charging the battery again when it drops below full , because this can also damage the battery if it was constantly charging/not charging the battery .
as matthew already stated , there is no unique answer possible to your question -- all depends on your usage patterns . generally spoken , i would say moving app data should be preferred : if you move the dalvik cache , it would affect all your apps -- while moving the app data only affects apps which store some data ( and by " some " i mean " data size exceeds their dalvik-cache size" ) , so a good guess is it affects only a few apps . but this can very well be those apps you are using most , and which heavily access their data -- so it may or may not be the better choice in some cases . guess you have got to try . i would suggest starting with the app data . a class 10 card should provide sufficient speed -- so if the results are acceptable to you , stay with this . otherwise , go back and try with the dalvik cache . if this is not acceptable either , the only choice left is buying a new device with bigger internal storage . . .
i have seen this on occasion on mine . it seems to be a software issue , triggered by certain usage patterns . this post on xda-developers has some info on how you may be able to trigger it . that community seems to be hoping that the 4.1 jelly bean update will include a cure .
no . motorola really did a shitty job of patching the ics rom for the xoom2 me . the ir blaster did not work for a couple months , and this speaker bug is indeed software . there is an app by wyrm on the play store that fix some of the speakers issues : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=wms.xoom2mespeakersfix https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=wms.xoom2mespeakersfixfree it needs root . if your problem is fixed by the app , send some dough the dev 's way by buying the donationware paid version . also thanks to the team behind the http://xoom2me.blogspot.com.br/ blog for the savior post .
from the android stock email app , you can permanently delete emails if you access the trash folder and delete them from there : select and email to delete and touch the delete icon ; access the Trash folder ; repeat step 1 inside the trash folder for the same email . with this steps , the email gets permanently deleted from your account . i have tested this steps just now to be sure . anyways , i did not find any setting within the app or account preferences , in order to do this more seamless !
you can use android debug bridge ( adb ) shell to issue basic linux commands on your phone , just like you would in a terminal emulator app . to install you will need to do the following : on the phone go to Settings -&gt; About phone , and tap on " build number " seven times . this enabled developer tools . go back to the main settings screen and you should now see Developer options under the " system " section . go to Developer options , enable " android debugging " option , and then tap OK on the verification prompt . on your pc download the android sdk tools from here . you can either download the whole sdk , or just the stuff necessary to connect to your phone , which is on the same page , under " download for other platforms -> sdk tools only " section . install the tools you just downloaded . download and install the usb drivers for your phone ( usually provided by the manufacturer . ) re-connect your phone to the pc with a usb cable . open command prompt ( assuming windows , ) navigate to where you installed the sdk tools ( e . g . " c:\android-sdk\platform-tools\" ) and type in the following : adb devices if all of the above was done successfully , a prompt should pop up asking you to allow connections from this computer . accept the pairing request , and the prompt should show your phone 's id . if this does not happen - it usually means that the drivers are not installed correctly . back at command prompt , type in adb shell and press enter , and you should be connected to the phone 's terminal . this should get you started . adb commands are listed on google 's site here . the shell provides some basic linux commands like ls , cp , etc . be aware that most file and device management commands will require root ( i.e. . elevated privileges , ) which is a separate topic .
if you ever give your phone to a repair person or a rep at a carrier store you should assume your data can and will be looked at . unfortunately , i saw this all the time while working for verizon . we had reps that could not wait to get their hands on a phone and start looking through pictures and other private files of customers . i have actually seen reps save customers pictures to their own device ! it is one of the many , many reasons i quit . bottom line : anything on your phone can potentially be accessed and seen .
yes . see this method or this one , for example . as per eldarerathis ' comment , these are both for running ubuntu in a chroot environment .
one current work around would be to create a draft in gmail that has the signature and use it in the mobile app .
this is a known bug with android 4.4.2 kitkat . google is aware of it and are promising a fix with the next update . according to the google code discussion , simply killing the responsible app is not enough to stop the drain . a reboot is always necessary . uninstalling the app seems to be the only sure way to avoid having this happen in the first place . skype seems to be the most frequent culprit because its background services seem to interface with the camera , triggering android 's bug . it is recommended to temporarily uninstall such apps until google releases the fix .
the only way to remove your main google account is to factory reset the phone which removes everything . your best bet will be to download an app that can backup your sms to a file .
you should be able to do this through an app called tasker . check out useful or cool tasker recipes , you may be able to modify one of those scripts to do what you want .
from the fring for android user manual , do this after starting a video chat : to switch camera , press the switch button on the left side . if it does not work on the nexus s , it is probably because they have not had time to fix it since yesterday . you can report a bug on their forum .
these instructions are pretty hard to follow but should work : root insntructions
video the galaxy tab 10.1 will work best with mp4 files ( h . 264 encoding ) at 720p ( 1280x720 ) . do not use entropy coding . i am noticing a few problems with it ; it could be the video / my setup though and not the device itself . use a constant bitrate at a reasonable quality level ( rf:20 should be good , or around 1000kbps ) . maximum b-frames should be set to 0 , and reference frames to 4 or 5 . audio as far as audio goes you should be fine with most anything ; a samplerate of 48 and a bitrate of 160 should be good . make sure to downmix to stereo . aac is probably you best bet for the codec . summary more information can be found here and here ( though you might want to experiment a bit with some of the advanced settings if you feel that you need them—probably not a big deal though ) . audio : aac with bitrate of 160 , samplerate of 48 ; downmix to stereo video : h . 264 in an mp4 wrapper at 720p ( 1280x720 ) at a constant bit rate
your steps are correct and i would add to the end of the list to remove the rooting as well . two sites that will provide the majority of the information you are looking for are android forums and xda developers edits : video and guide - how to root the htc desire ( unrevoked method ) video and guide - how to load a custom rom on the htc desire in order to backup your stock rom , after you root your phone and before you install a custom rom you will need to install " rom manager " ( available in the market ) . after " rom manager " is installed and you start it you will need to install clockworkmod recovery ( the first option in rom manager ) . once the custom recovery is installed , look further down rom manager 's menu and you will see an option to backup your current rom , which is what you want to do . once the backup is made copy the file to your computer so you have a secondary backup . in fact , copy the entire contents of your sd card to your computer because sometimes the card is formatted or wiped during the install of some roms . that will get you started but definitely do a lot of research so you understand what you are doing and more importantly what options are available . there are probably 30 roms available for the desire and they all offer something different . you will have to find the one that you like the most in order to get the best experience .
turn it on , then go into hangouts and turn it off . actually i really wanted to write/receive sms from hangouts , but it did not quite work well . sometimes i could not even reply to the message . so yeah . i disabled it and no nag ever since .
i think this stackoverflow answer should point you in the right direction : all of the native code for an app is stored in the libs/ directory in the root of the apk . it is compiled arm or x86 code , or both . you can find it in libs/architecture_type/lib_name . so . you can dissemble the code with objdump or gdb . decompiling is a much harder task , but you can find some software that might work for you .
i have solved the problem . the device has a custom rom and you cannot unblock them so . i had to flash the device with a stock one and odin and then it asked me for network key .
there is an option in security settings : power button instantly locks screen : https://www.dropbox.com/s/z80ckhnd5nmyrmj/screenshot_2012-05-21-21-04-15.png
since the calendar app syncs with google calendar - why do not you create a " test " calendar , add events to that calendar and then delete the calendar from a web browser on your computer ? i just did this myself and it worked fine .
according to the download page of htc sync manager , htc desire phones should be supported . in my case when i first started the application it started loading all my media files from my pc ( which took some time ) . after everything was loaded , the music etc was stored in my media gallery of the htc sync manager . if you want to disable the synchronisation of your phone on connect , disable the option " automatically start sync when device is connected " under the more tab . in my case that tab was only available when you connect your phone ( probably to be able to use different settings for multiple phones ) . so maybe you should just try to reinstall the latest htc sync manager , because it should work for your phone too . just be a little patient .
you can install the android sdk and use ddms to monitor the logcat . the thing with a logcat , it is cleared when the device reboots , but you may be able to get an idea of what is crashing if you are monitoring it before it reboots . you can probably also find unofficial cm9 nightlies for the galaxy s2 , but i am not sure what issues still exist for that device .
you can not ssh from your phone to your mac when using mobile data because you are no longer on the same network , and thus can not use the internal ( rfc1918 ) address to reach it . when you are using wifi , it works because you are on the same network . in order to reach your computer when using mobile data on your phone , you must do both of : ssh to your computer 's public ip address ; and forward port 22 from your home router to the computer you want it to reach .
it has not been updated since november , and was removed from the official market , but as far as i know it is still around . you can get it from http://android.modaco.com/content/software/320350/19-nov-r14-visionary-one-click-root/
you can try to find a launcher similar to the stock one . you should know that the launcher only changes the look of the homescreens and app drawer . they can also be customized pretty much .
all computers have a special piece of hardware called the clock ( more fully , the real-time clock or rtc ) . the clock is connected to the cpu , but it runs even when the computer is completely powered down . on a desktop computer , a battery on the motherboard keeps the clock running even when it is unplugged from the mains . mobile devices tend to have a large capacitor ( which is a bit like a rechargeable battery ) , so even if you pull the main battery out , the clock can continue to keep time for some hours . at regular intervals , the clock sends a signal to the cpu called an interrupt . it tells the cpu to interrupt whatever it is doing to process this signal . this is the same mechanism used by other parts of the computer ( such as the touch screen ) to send input to the cpu . the rate of the signals can be controlled by the kernel : it might be as slow as once per second , or as fast as a thousand times per second . this sounds like a lot of signals , but do not forget that today 's computers take a fraction of a nanosecond to do a single operation , so even a 1 khz clock only interrupts every few million operations . do not confuse the real-time clock with the cpu clock and the cpu 's clock rate , which are typically a few ghz . the cpu clock is not a timekeeping device : it sets the number of operations per second the cpu can perform , and is a big factor in how much power the cpu draws . on most cpus , the kernel can decrease the cpu clock rate , turn off some cpu cores , and maybe even power down some caches , all to reduce power consumption . this is what happens when your android device goes to sleep , but the exact changes are different from one phone to another . the cpu is still running , just more slowly , and drawing less power . as izzy points out , if the phone uses arm 's big . little system , it might even be a completely different cpu core that runs in sleep mode : a slower one tuned for low power consumption . consider , then , that the rtc is still running in sleep mode , and the cpu is still receiving and processing clock interrupts . this is still necessary for the cpu to keep track of different processes and allocate time between them fairly . one of the processes is the system 's alarm manager . this has a sorted list of all the apps on the system that have registered an alarm . the alarm manager does not run continuously : rather , it tells the kernel when the first alarm is , and the interrupt handler for the clock interrupts is responsible for checking the time and waking up the alarm manager when appropriate . this way , the cpu only needs a few instructions per clock to compare the current time with the time of the next wake-up . in addition , the alarm manager has its own optimizations to keep the device asleep as much as possible . when several apps want to run at intervals ( e . g . to check email every 15 minutes ) , the alarm manager will not run them individually at the exact times they asked for , waking up the device several times over that 15 minute window . instead , it will run all of them at the same time , so the device only needs to wake up once . on top of that , many alarms will not run at all if the device is asleep . for example , if an app wants to run every hour to change your home screen background , there is no point in doing that while the device is asleep , because you can not see it . it will tell the alarm manager that it does not need to wake up the device to run , so the alarm manager will ignore that alarm when telling the kernel when it needs to run . that way , if the device is asleep when the time comes , the alarm will only happen when the device next wakes up .
you are not alone in wanting the old messaging app ! even though the old stock messaging app is no longer included in android , you always have the option of installing an alternative . in fact , people are recommending 8sms as a replacement for hangouts that is almost identical to the original stock messaging app . in fact , it is built from the source code of the original messaging app , with " some enhancements " .
upgrading gapps to the correct version ( i was running 10.1 gapps on a 10.2 cm build ) solved the issue . i did not have to reinstall the rom or anything like that , simply flash the new gapps over the old .
now , i am not 100% that this is the exact issue , as i do know that this is the case with . m3u playlists , but i have not tried using . pls files for a playlist . the problem sounds like it is with the media scanner . when it scans the directory that the . pls file is in , it sees the playlist file ( the . pls ) but if the directory does not have any other media files in there ( like . mp3 for example ) then it automatically assumes that the playlist is empty so it deletes it . you can create a file in the directory called .nomedia and the media scanner will not even scan the directory , leaving your . pls files alone . to test this , you could just drop some type of media file in the directory with the . pls and see if it is still deleted ( or add the . nomedia file ) . if it is not deleted , then it is 100% the media scanner causing the files to delete . if it is still deleted , then i would check if in your application you are deleting them some how .
they are the same thing , auto backup is basically just a new ( and more appropriate ) name . the only thing that changed is that now it uploads your pictures in original quality ( part of the reason why they bumped up everyone 's google drive limit to 15gb )
it should show your pictures as they are added ( aka not all-or-nothing ) . i would try rebooting your device , also check if maybe your battery level is low ( under i think 20% it does not upload , similar to dropbox )
you could change the guest network to be low priority by editing the supplicant . conf file ( probably requires root , or adb use ) . you can find out what file this is by looking at /etc/wifi/wifi.conf ; the file you need is set as the SUPP_CONFIG_FILE property 's value . normally it is /data/wifi/bcm_supp.conf or /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf . you will see entries like the following in that file : network={ ssid="network name" someotherproperty="some other value" priority=0 }  you want to have priority=0 for the networks you least want to connect to , and a higher priority for networks you do want to connect to . if you just have " do not want " and " want " , use 0 and 1 . if you have " do not want " , " not preferred " , " preferred " , and " super-preferred " , use values 0 , 1 , 2 , and 3 respectively . you get the idea .
close odin , disconnect your phone , restart odin , reboot your phone , put the phone into download mode again , and then connect your phone and ensure odin sees it . sometimes odin just does not recognize the device and you need to try again . odin will show something like the yellow highlighted area below when the phone is properly connected :
i am assuming you have a power cable plugged in . in that case you will have to unplug the cable , turn it on and plug it in as soon as something appears on the screen . i have had this problem several times when trying to flash the phone while tethered to a computer and forgot to take out the usb cable when rebooting .
" rooting " allows you access to the internal android environment , which of course consists of more than just the linux kernel . so you are running linux , but you should consider it as though you are running under a different distribution than say debian or redhat . there is a different set of standard libraries and some files are in different locations . at least on my droid ext2 support is not built-in by default . there is also no init or cron . the full set of linux modules is not available unless you compile them yourself and put then in /system/lib/modules . important ones you may miss on standard roms are cifs , ext2 , tun , and others . most , if not all , phones running android are arm cpus . so the binaries you run on them must be arm " eabi " " soft-float " binaries . if you have the source you can cross-compile whatever utilities you need , but read on . there are many standard commands and utilities available in the /system/bin directory such as grep , ps , cp , rm , mv , ls , ip , even vi . you have enough to get by until you . . . . . . use the " linux installer " utility to install a chroot'ed debian environment . debian has supported arm for a while . it takes some work , but if you can root your phone , and have a sizeable enough sd card , this is the way to go . this is close to a standard linux system and under it you can install and run ruby . of course cpu and ram limitations come into play .
somehow there was a proxy set up in the apn settings … edit : to change the proxy you have to go to the settings and click on mobile data . select access point names , select the active apn ( or the one you are having problems with ) check/reset the proxy/port settings .
as per @chahk 's answer i guess it depends if swype came pre installed on your handset . in that case i do not think you can uninstall it . in either case , try going to settings -> apps and see if swype is listed . tap it and try to uninstall it . then you can go to beta . swype . com , download the installer , install it , run it , and follow directions to sign in and install the beta .
it really comes down to customer expectations . with ios , apple uses the built-in apps to set an expectation that apps will be " blingy " , with all kinds of eye-catching animations . if you look at android 's built-in apps , they are not so eye-catching : animations are subtle ( usually simple fades or fly-ins ) , they have a much cleaner , drier look , and they have very similar , familiar conventions about menus and transitions . this has set the expectation amongst android users that app-specific bling is much less important than respecting the conventions of the platform and integrating well with other apps . at the same time , the app ecosystem and the consumer market are very different on android . apple has a very large barrier to entry : you can not realistically develop ios apps without buying a mac , and a physical device , and paying a subscription to apple . this means that for the most part , hobbyists and small developers are excluded from this market . in contrast , the android development tools are freely available and support windows , mac , and linux ; there is no subscription to be a developer ; you can get onto google play for a small , one-off fee , or distribute apps outside of google play ( on other app stores or independently ) . for this reason , while android still has all the big-name developers you find writing ios apps , there is also a much larger number of small developers and hobbyists . hobbyists are much less likely to add bling or visual design features to their apps , because they just want to develop something useful . there are a lot of incredibly well-written and useful hobbyist and open-source apps , but they are much less likely to add visual design varnish to them . as well as bringing down the average amount of varnish for an app , this also feeds back into the consumer expectation that android apps do not need so much bling .
believe it or not , the device is already rooted , and it is not documented anywhere . i do not think that starting it in recovery mode for an odd number of times activates/deactivates root , so i just believe the system carries su on its own . if my unit of measure of " rooting " is ad-freeness then i simply tried to run adfree from the device . no superuser warning appeared but adfree not even did not complain about absence of root , but updated the hosts file ! ! and the device was completely ad-free . i also tried to install es file manager , and found this magic file : /system/xbin/su
hdr has not to be enabled on the device . it is a software feature , combining multiple photos ( see : bracketing ) into one . so you will need a camera app supporting this . afaik the stock camera shipping with android 4.2+ does so , plenty more are available on google play ( not necessarily requiring android 4.2+ , most will run on your device ) . see e.g. camera hdr studio or hdr camera for apps explicitly dedicated to this feature , or camera fv-5 for an all-round-camera having this feature " amongst others " . more to find out there . a helpful article to read on the topic : how to use hdr on your android device .
i try to not read this as " is there an app . . . " , as that would be off-topic according to our guidelines ( see what topics can i ask about here ? for details ) . so apart from looking for a different app to save some peanuts , you could live with the ads ( according to its description , the app is available for free with ads ; there is no note to the cloud feature being restricted to payment , neither does the related description on the product 's webpage , nor the faq on how can i synchronize my devices mention that ) . according to krampus ' comment below , the cloud functionality seems to be restricted to " premium users " indeed , though none of the material cited says so alternatively , there is the possibility to utilize a synchronized calendar ( like the google calendar ) for that : create an event , which then is synchronized across your devices . so the alert should trigger on all of them .
i have found appsurfer . com to work very nicely for me . they are still in beta but in 1 - 2 months to come out with plans . . . it is free for 10 users at the same time at the moment and works quiet well . . .
it turns out that just because you can see and use a map online , that does not mean that google will allow you to make the area available offline . offline maps are only currently available for certain countries , and brazil is not currently one of them , in fact it seems to be a fairly odd selection . google have published the full list of countries that it is available in here : maps for mobile - offline availability edit : note that in a july 2013 google maps update , google made offline maps into a hidden feature with no menu option any more . more about how to make maps available offline here : get offline maps in new google maps
this was fixed in the 4.3 update that came out for my phone lately . all done .
as no " bullet-proof " system is required here , and at least some level of trust assumed , possible solutions hide behind the buzz . . . ahem , key-words kiosk-mode and child-protection . in short : you create a " jail " you are working in , and hand it is key ( password ) to the teacher ( let him/her set a password – of course on the premise to unlock you once the exam is over ) . options on establishing a kiosk-mode are already discussed in several other questions tagged " kiosk-mode " , so there is no need to repeat them all . you might wish to take a look at surelock kiosk lockdown , which should meet your requirements : one of its features is to prevent access to system settings . so disabling all network features ( mobile data , wifi apns , etc . ) and then locking the settings with the teacher 's password should satisfy both sides – provided you have allowed all required apps for kiosk mode . as the " dirty trick " to regain control would also remove all data from the device ( factory-reset ) , it cannot be expected you had do that during the exam ; )
multiple approaches here . first , you can open the playstore app , hit the menu button , go to settings , and advise it to only work with wlan , plus not install apps automatically . this would cover part of your problem . second , you could also tell it to not check for updates at all . while on a first look this seems to contradict with your intention -- please read on . go and install yourself the appbrain app market app . this actually utilizes the google play store , it is not a separate market . it even uses your google account for everything . now synchronize your installed apps with the appbrain app . after that , you will see available updates -- and you can decide on a per-app basis whether to . . . accept this update skip this update only ( and be reminded only for the next update ) skip updates for this app altogether as you told the " original " playstore-app to " shut up " , there will not be multiple update notifications . just use the appbrain app for updating your apps -- it will do so by calling the playstore app using its api . batch-updates ( "update all" ) are of course possible as well .
simply removing widgets and shortcuts from the screen will only prevent the very unexperienced ( i.e. . those who never used an android device before ) from accessing other apps , and not even sure for them . if your goal is to prevent most people from doing so ( the very experienced will always find a way to circumvent your protection ) , you rather need something like a kiosk-mode . recoomended readings/references on this : deny the installation of apps or add new accounts ( kiosk mode ) -- another q and a here on our site child-proofing an android phone ? -- again a q and a at android enthusiasts kioware - kiosk system software -- an android kiosk solution kiosk mode on android with surelock -- also mentioned in the first q and a kiosk mode on android -- a blog on the topic google search on the topic german overview on app lockers ( google translate version of the same page ) btw : if you initialize all those tablets using the same google account , you can easily manage installations via your computers web browser ( just a hint along ) .
have you tried pdf . js extension for firefox mobile ? it is a bit slow and unstable for now , but it should work as expected .
i finally did a wipe/factory reset . i lost all apps and data , but at least i can use my phone again . and yes , that was because i ran out of space in the internal sd card .
go to setting--> data usage under the usage graph there is list of apps with usage specified on right side . go to google play and at the below you will find option restrict background data click on that check box . . and here you go . though you cant install any apps from play store with these setting , but you can always enable background data whenever needed .
in some trains you sit like inside an faraday cage , as they even metallized the windows -- thus no signal can get through . that is also why you have special " mobile phone " zones in some trains : here they placed something like a little " repeater " inside this section of the train , capturing the signal from outside the cabin ( and transmitting it back the same way , of course ) . however , they do not do that for gps .
i have posted the question on same link shown in question . till that i tried everything format sd card totally , also tried different roms of ics still it was not worked . then as in reply i got on that forum saying install gingerbread rom then root it , use ota root keeper and upgrade . so i did similar to that i installed gingerbread . then i formatted all using cwm . then i installed new ics refrec v2 rom . and then after i tried to root it . and it worked . hope so if anyone face the same problem they can downgrade to gb then again move to ics to root it after flash if their favorite rom does not come rooted . : )
the android firmware is composed of several image files . these image files are flashed to ( device specific ) locations on your devices internal memory . typically these images are for the bootloader , recovery , fastboot , and the system ( os ) . the remaining memory is mapped to your internal storage . since each device expects them to be located at different locations depending on the manufacturer , you cannot modify them safely .
it sounds like a defective unit . i would send it in for warranty replacement . if it is getting warm while plugged in the power is shorting out the unit causing it to show no life but receive power .
there are some " lock screens " like go locker , but they are not " real " lock screens . lock screens are just about the only part of the android os that cannot be replaced by 3rd party applications . these other lock screens attempt to override the real lock screen . some of them work fairly well , but i always notice some type of lag when turning on the device or unlocking the device .
this is a reported bug which has not yet gotten any attention . a workaround is to use long-press to add items rather than dragging them .
alas , the UsbStorageActivity does not use an intent to enable and disable usb mass storage , so there is no way to achieve this using am . it instead calls the functions StorageManager.enableUsbMassStorage and `StorageManager.disableUsbMassStorage to do its work . as these functions are hidden in the framework , it is not possible to write an app to do this , either . as far as i know , there is no existing command to do this . it might be possible to write an app that offers a command-line interface and uses the bound system service MountService to call its setUsbMassStorageEnabled function , but that would be way off-topic for this site .
from here i tried http://androidforums.com/droid-x-support-troubleshooting/196653-help-market-place-gone.html to get the marked app back , without doing a hard reset . used astro file manager opened astro , clicked up navigate to /system/app locate vending . apk push on it to install it , clicked ok etc now back on home screen , follow what is suggested about a clean slate . . . settings -> applications -> manage applications chose all find market push on it and select clear data go back to main home screen , turn your phone off and back on
acutally for the samsung europia , a free update can be downloaded via kies to upgrade to android 2.2 . this then allows you to natively turn your phone into a wifi hotspot . it is then the usual connect to wifi affair
the eee pad transformer will use the battery of the dock to both power and charge the tablet so long as it is connected . you can see this when docked and on battery because the tablet shows its battery as " charging " . this gets the most use out of the tablet because when you undock it , it is most likely to have more charge than the dock . when docked and on the charger , i am fairly sure that both charge at the same time . however , i have not checked as my tf is docked most of the time . incidentally , if the dock 's battery goes flat , it gets its power from the tablet ( without trying to recharge its own battery ) .
i do not know about the htc one v specifically , but in my experience , the mic , stereo ouputs , and the single button answer/stop will work for both apple and ( most if not all ) android phones . but the volume up/down buttons will not work , even with an app such as headphone button controller ; it simply does not get detected . the problem arises when the marketing depts start using a word such as " compatible " , meaning a degree of compatibility , but not necessarily every function . so they feel ok saying an apple headphone is compatible , meaning just the audio works , or even the audio and the answer button . however , it is possible that the htc can somehow detect and use these extra two buttons , i suppose , but i would guess not .
in my case , the upgrade to the android 4.3 did not replaced my custom /etc/gps.conf file . it was edited by hands on rooted device before the android upgrade and stayed with the same content afterwards . answering myself : )
no . it is not possible to get this information with the android sdk . you might get this information if you have access to the drivers and the kernel of your device .
the files are generated by samba when it encounters file name having invalid windows file name characters like : , \ , &lt ; , > , | or directories ending with dot . the reason the files appear on your android device is they were synced back from your pc . you can safely delete the files , but they will mostly likely reappear again , as long as files with invalid characters are created by android apps .
enable usb debugging , plug your phone into a computer via usb for a couple of minutes and disconnect . - source you can also try a faster memory card , as ^ has adviced . keep some reasonable amount of free space on phone memory , move apps to sd card if necessary . android often suffers performance issues when internal memory is low ( much like any os , really ) . if nothing else works , try a factory reset and record it again . if there are no lags , it might be because of any resource-intensive apps you have installed .
as user said my comment helped him and post it as answer . try to install the rocket dial and in settings try to make it default app for receiving calls . Settings&gt;caller ID also you can use free version of hd caller id which has option to overtake the default caller screen .
i cannot say for all apps you listed -- but for some , the following applies : some system apps ( as e.g. the market/playstore app ) have to be present in /system in order to work . for the playstore app , the reason is : the permission to install other " packages " is only granted if one of the following two conditions is met : it is signed with the same certificate as the system ( rom ) itself -- which does not apply in your case , due to the custom rom used it is installed as " system app " ( i.e. . below /system ) -- which did no longer apply in your case , since you uninstalled the app from there expecting the pre-conditions given , developers might have forgotten to include a check and implement appropriate exception handling -- which then may lead to the described force-close . similar constellations might apply to other apps/packages as well -- though i am not sure what should make the google translate app so special ( maybe it has some special hooks i missed ) . you could try to find out by following roxan 's advice , to integrate the app as " system app " again using e.g. titanium backup , and see if it still force-closes .
charging control is done via hardware to prevent ruining the battery in case of software errors . that is why ( most ? ) devices charge even when powered off . the status display that is then shown is just a " minimal os " that queries the current status from the battery charger hardware .
natively , there is no way to schedule shutdowns and boot ups of the android system . if you do decide to root there are applications in the play store that can shedule a shutdown ( you may even be able to make your own busybox script instead ) . however booting up will never be possible the way android handles shut downs because when android shuts down , it is not running . and so , there is nothing in memory to initiate any sort of startup process .
from the sony mobile site there does not seem to be a file manager included in sony 's rom . however , many excellent file managers are available on the play store . i personally use es file exploerer for many years now and it is excellent . astro file manager is also very popular . here 's a search for many , many more posibilities
i can not reproduce it . it may have been fixed during an os upgrade . if it comes back i will refresh the question .
you can not delete it , only hide it . go to the google play website . make sure you are logged in . click the gear icon in the upper right then click settings . your devices should be listed there . uncheck " shown in menus " on the device you do not want to see any more .
i tried to do uname -a on my cm10.1 ( samsung galaxy s2 ) on the built-in terminal app . it returns : linux localhost 3.0.31-cm-g17c7b6e #1 smp preempt tue feb 19 01:11:17 pst 2013 armv71 gnu/linux kernel version : 3.0.31-CM-g17c7b6e smp : Symmetric Multi-Processor support preempt : kernel preemption is enabled kernel date : Tue Feb 19 01:11:17 PST 2013 processor : armv71
recently created localcalendar app is what we needed . it works on android 2 . x too and is open source . ( github )
i got this response from koush , the developer of rom manager : clockworkmod recovery is open source . however , the hooks that rom manager uses to automate backups by hooking into clockworkmod recovery are proprietary . i have told other developers , if they wish to use the clockworkmod recovery hooks , they can do it in the following ways : 1 ) build , distribute , and support their own version of clockworkmod recovery , so that i am not responsible for the maintenance of it . 2 ) use the rom manager api , which requires a rom manager premium license . the user can always make backups manually in recovery , without a premium license . basically , the issue here is that developers are relying on me and my open source work , which i maintain , to build a competing product to my paid applications . essentially undercutting me by relying on me developing 90% of the product for them . it seems pretty silly for me to continue maintaining and distributing something that directly competes with my income , so i put a stop to it . if they want to build a competing product , they will have to go through all the hassles involved with building , distributing , and supporting recovery images . so , no , those other applications are not " blocked " from creating backups . they are just being lazy , and not actually building/flashing their own recovery image . nothing is preventing them from building a rom manager clone , if they really wanted to . they are just avoiding doing the hard part . so for now , i think you are best off finding out if rzrecovery supports your device variant , and if so , using it until there is a version of clockworkmod for it . i own rom manager premium and have no complaints , and i really respect koush for the work he does .
3d maps includes 3d models of some cities . london is not included , yet , but new york is , as are cardiff and birmingham on the uk . you do not need to do anything to view them other than select the map layer , zoom right in , and then swipe down with 2 fingers to angle the view . ( the 3d models appear if you are looking straight down , but it misses the point , somewhat . . . )
the issue is related to , as far as i know , cyanogenmod policies . . in some countries call recording is illegal and therefore cm team has not implemented this feature . it is really annoying because the issue applies to certain ( but not all ) regions of the world . i do hope that cm developers will come up with some sort of hack in the future . for now i am using auto call recorder ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.appstar.callrecorder ) and using mic as a source . the volume of inbound audio is very low unless the mic is turned on during the call . call recording is the only feature i lack in cm . . .
each vendor is able to customize android to suite their whimsy . i am using a $250usd toshiba thrive ( os 4.0.3 ) , a curtis klu mid704 ( os 4.1.1 , and one of the rockchip clones ) a polaroid branded pmid704 and a zte phone . of all these , the polaroid and curtis have ethernet support in the settings . i am using a radio shack belkin usb-to-ethernet adapter , which is supported off-the-shelf by android . ( only the toshiba thrive has a full size type-a usb jack . the others need adapters , not available at radioshack . ) the polaroid is " broken " in that the ethernet does not work . you click on it in settings and it clicks but does nothing . the crappy $75usd curtis works , it shows me my ip and mac address in settings and i can set static ip parameters including ip address , gateway , netmask , and 2 dns servers . however , the android frameworks ( in the java ( tm ) -like language ) are broken . the connection managers only support wifi and mobile data . you can inquire about the eth0 device but can not open a connection or do anything with it . so basically , your mileage may vary from mfr to mfr , and tabbly to tabbly . good luck ! -dave
try to force close the particular app/service that is causing this problem ( that is the app/service that is sending that message ) . and if possible , uninstall that app . if uninstalling is not possible , you may need to root your phone to either uninstall/stop it from starting on bootup/stop it from sending message .
you are ( not ) in trouble . or at least you cannot tell anymore by simply taking a look at the notification bar . with android 4.4 ( kitkat ) came a few design changes ; one of them was to turn those notification icons permanently gray , officially to be " less distracting " . so how can you tell if there are issues with your connection to the google servers ? according to an androidpit blog , you now have to check with the quick-settings , where problems are indicated by icons turned red/orange .
the dex file stored in dalvik-cache is an optimized ( "odex" ) file . for historical reasons it carries the file extension " . dex " . the canonical documentation on dexopt is in dalvik/docs/dexopt . html . it is a bit stale at this point but is a reasonable starting point .
here is a ( mostly ) non-android solution for you . you will need to ( sign up for and ) use if this then that . create a recipe . 1 your this will be the gmail channel , specifically the any new email trigger . 2 your that will be however you had like to be notified . i like pushover but sms will work just as well . you will use the send me an sms action ( or send a notification for pushover ) . 3 now you can be notified of new messages in your gmail without even actually having gmail on your phone . 4 1 if you prefer , you can just use this recipe ( sms ) or this recipe ( pushover ) . 2 if you do not want to be notified on every new message , there are other triggers you can use , like " new email from " or " new email from search " that can be more specific . 3 unfortunately there is no google+ channel . there a lots of other channels for lots of other services . 4 ifttt triggers usually do not go off more than every fifteen minutes , so do not expect your notification to be instantaneous .
why ? when the phone signals are weak , the android os constantly scan the area thoroughly . this requires more battery power . that is the reason your phone gets so hot when you are in areas with poor reception . could it be solved ? that is the reason it is advised to turn flight mode on when you are is low-signal areas to preserve your battery life . is it a hardware problem ? yes . and that problem is common to all the android devices . so nothing to worry . why not iphone ? for the comparison with iphone , the specs of android device of each manufacturer varies from one another whereas it does not in apple deceives ( not everybody get to produce a device which can run ios , thanks to the apple inc . patents . ) as the android specs vary from device to device , it is highly likely that the battery performance will differ from device to device as well .
opera mobile is a " full " browser performing all rendering activities on your android device . opera mini passes your requests through opera 's servers to render/scale/"tweak " for your device . opera mini tends to be faster . opera mobile tends to hit your device 's resources harder . security folk cringe about opera mini and your traffic going through 3rd party ( yet opera ) servers . think about that before doing your online banking with mini . . . read more in the comparison chart here : http://www.opera.com/mobile/features/
you could setup a ftp server on your computer and use andftp to connect to it .
dropspace has some limitations according to it is description on the play store : *** current limitation: Only files existing on the sdcard are synced. That is, it's not a full 2-way sync.  i have been using dropsync . it does sync in both directions and i have had no cause for complaint .
you need to add another file browser besides the built in gallery . astro file manager should fit the bill nicely .
google finally offers the solutions : google maps engine can solve the problem and is free available in the play store
because the applications that you download are tied to that google account . that way , if you buy any paid applications , and your phone is wiped , or you buy a new phone , all you need to do is make sure that account is logged in on that phone , and you can re-download any of those paid apps without having to pay for them again . it also enables you to go the google play store with your pc , and choose apps to be directly installed onto your phone without even touching your phone . i do it all the time and it works great .
if you have read around , then you will already have read that the idea of " free ram " is a bit of a nonsense for android . pc operating systems take an app out of ram as soon as you quit it , which leaves empty space that the pc probably has to spend power on filling again afterwards - probably with the same app next time you run it . android tries to avoid this waste by leaving apps in memory after you stop using them or after they finish running , so that they are ready to run again next time . if it needs more ram for an app , only then does it get rid of these cached processes . android will first get rid of cached processes , based on how soon it thinks it is going to need them again . if it still needs more ram for the foreground activity , it'll get rid of background services ( which sync your email etc . but are not directly visible ) . if it still needs more ram , it'll get rid of activities that are directly accessible but are not currently visible , such as the launcher , the activity you will go back to when you press back ( maybe even in the same app as the activity that is running ) , or the greyed-out activity that is partly visible behind a dialog . this way , even if you have no free ram , android can free up quite a lot of ram for the foreground activity : all the ram on the device , except that needed by android itself . i suggest to work out the best setting using trial and error . without more knowledge of the app , i can not predict the effect of having the setting too low : perhaps the ai will make worse moves , or take longer to decide . if the setting is too high , you will notice that when you leave the chess game you have to wait for the previous app to launch : this is particularly noticeable when it is the launcher , and you get a spinning progress indicator instead of the list of apps . if this were one of my apps , i would consider this a bug . it is bad form to give the user a setting with no way to know what value to set . the app has more information about how much ram the device has and can make available than you do : it should decide itself .
the bad news : you very probably can not . if the manufacturer decides to backdoor your phone 's firmware , it is hardly detectable by individuals . phones consist of many components of which only a tiny fraction is really authored by the manufacturer . think of drivers and firmwares for various chips like the baseband , wifi , sensors , the various open source parts like the linux kernel , the android system itself , the closed source google apps and additional 3rd party packages from other other companies , that are preloaded . to be sure , you would need all of the firmwares ' source code and a way to compile it in a way such that the official builds and your build match bit by bit to prove that the source code matches the firmware ( and nothing was secretely altered ) . now one still needed to audit all the source and scan it for backdoors/vulnerabilities . to get an idea : truecrypt is a popular disk encryption software for many operating systems . in the wake of the nsa scandal its sources have recently been binary matched with the official windows releases which was a very tedious process ( report here ) . a source code audit has not been conducted yet , but there is a ( now ) still running indiegogo project for funding that audit with currently ~35k us$ pledged for doing it .
it depends on how the android image you are using was built . when you build a rom image from the android sources , you set what drivers are included in the image , according to what target hardware you are expecting to use it with . if you got the android image from the manufacturer of the tv box , it should have drivers for all the hardware in the device . ( at the very least , it should say if anything is missing . ) if you are using a third-party image that was created for that device , again , the author should tell you which hardware is supported . if you are using a third-party image that was not created for that device , it probably will not work at all . if you are building your own android image , then you should look in the sources you are building from , to see if the hdmi driver is included ; if you do not already know how to do this , you probably should not be trying to build your own rom . you might also find can i install android on my non-android device ? useful reading .
it was the cable . the store gave me a new cable , but it was power only . i did not know some cables were power , but no data . i will be returning that . thanks to matthew for his suggestion in the comment .
i can confirm that it is possible with the i5800xxjpf update with the 4 ( out of 5 ) separate files and the odin multi downloader tool . here are the instructions of how to update 2.1 eclair to 2.2 froyo .
i had the same issue , after giving up on waiting more , i restarting the phone . after reboot , the update started from where it was , and finished as originally intended . to restart the phone , hold Vol-Down + Power for a few seconds . posting answer as the op only posted solution in a comment .
it is simple : when the hardware keyboard is attached , the tray ( lower right of screen ) has a keyboard icon . click it and the top option is use hardware keyboard on/off .
while i am not 100% sure , i do remember that this was a thing that would happen , either a function or " bug " . the issue , if you want to call it that , lies within ad ( active directory ) , or the authentication process of your account . exchange server will get your credentials from ad , and ad might let you use your old password for a while after changing , before it finally will reject your old password . of course , this will likely boil down to what server systems are at play , but it is a known " bug " that we have experienced at work . it should however not be a security issue as long as the user is the only person who know the passwords .
no . my friend got an extended battery so i tried my case with his phone -- the extended battery is really large , so it will not work . which is a shame , because the otterbox defender case is so large that a hypothetical extended battery otterbox defender would not be significantly bulkier than the current otterbox defender ( regular battery ) . if otterbox made a defender case specifically for the bionic with the extended battery , i would buy both that case and an extended battery . i guess that the market for that specific case is just too small .
when composing the " from " is a dropdown menu . it has all the accounts you have added via the webmail interface , and it is had this feature for a long time ( you should not need to upgrade ) .
if you still want them to show up in your inbox , things get complicated . you would have to create filters to label every kind of message you do want notifications for , and then in the gmail app you would turn off notifications for the inbox , followed by syncing and turning on notifications for the label you just created . if you do not care if they show in your inbox , do the following from the web gmail : go to Mail Settings -&gt; Filters -&gt; Create new filter put youraddress@gmail.com in the to field put Chat with in the subject field hit next check Skip the inbox hit create filter alternatively you could turn off the saving of chat history , which disables offline messages , but that has its own downsides .
kadlancer - check out http://www.fullcontact.com . ( full disclosure : i work for them , so i am a bit biased . but the issues you mentioned are exactly the issues we are trying to solve ) . we currently have a web app in private beta that pulls in contacts from various google contacts/gmail sources , as well as facebook , foursquare , linkedin , twitter , etc . it then adds social profile data to each , normalizes and de-dupes them , and syncs them back in real-time . within the next month we plan to roll out our public beta , which will support the linking of all of the above sources - meaning you can unify contacts across all your social networks/google accounts and have all your contacts in one place , automatically up-to-date . because we offer two-way sync in real-time , changes made in google contacts sync to fullcontact , and vice-versa - meaning that your data is your data , and stays where you want it ( no walled gardens ) . again , i work for them , so you had probably be right to take what i am saying with a grain of salt . but based on what you posted , it looks like the fullcontact address book will do almost everything you are looking to do ( with the possible exception of xing , which is currently not supported , but on the roadmap ) . i am not aware of any other app out there that does quite what we do , save smartr - which it sounds like you have already tried . good luck !
it has nothing to do with battery life ; the number of channels is a regulatory issue ( for example , in the us , only 11 channels are allocated for 2.4ghz wi-fi ) . technically , wi-fi is frequency hopping , so the " channel " is a center frequency around which the actual transmit frequency skips . you can not disable that ; it is part of the channel sharing arrangement ( wi-fi would be unusable if every client on the channel transmitted on the same frequency ) . and beyond that , which channel your device uses is determined by what ap you are associated with , so you have no control over it .
go to settings -> sound and make sure silent mode is set to vibrate , then in RINGTONE &amp; NOTIFICATIONS section , check the option vibrate on ring , then call yourself and it should vibrate .
you can try battery notif free from android market . bardcode scanner compatible store link
usually , this is possible the very same way as you put cyanogenmod on your device : by flashing a rom . so before you start , make sure you either . . . have a stock rom available to flash ( see : where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ? ) have created a nandroid backup of your device immediately before you start flashing ( requires a custom recovery , see recovery-mode ) in both cases , you can return to stock rom : either by flashing a stock image ( and then start like after a factory-reset ) , or by restoring the nandroid backup ( and take off at the time you have created it , including all your apps and data ) . two things to consider : there might be dependencies between device-firmware ( rom ) and radio-firmware . so if installing cyanogenmod ( or any custom rom ) goes along with a different radio image , a return might be different ( you might need the original radio image as well ) or difficult ( in case downgrade of the radio is not possible ) . however , cases where this applies are rare . nandroid backup does not take care of your sdcard . so if you have apps installed on sdcard , you need to deal with them separately .
the problem is resolved with the new update available from lg
what is going on is that your phone is not using your password . when you log in an oath token is issued . this is more secure , because your password is not stored on the device . it also has the additional benefit that it can automatically log you in in your browser . to deny access to your phone , remove the authentication token here . moreover starting with ics you do not need to use applications specific passwords for your phone . enter your regular google account info ; it will notice that you have 2-factor authentication enabled and open an internal browser where you can log in using your otp .
the text-to-speech conversion in android is all done on the cloud . the phone sends in your recording and returns the speech . you need to make sure you are connected to either 3g or wifi for this to work . do other apps that require connections work ?
the best way i know ( using cm11 as a reference ) is to go to settings -> backup and reset and removing the checkmark next to auto restore . it may be under another heading on different roms so you may need to look around for it . it is best to do this before you do the factory reset .
first , in the facebook app , go to settings -> sync contacts -> check either sync all or sync with existing contacts . then in the contacts app , go to display options and find your facebook account in the list , then check all contacts . they should show up in your contact list then . to join them with existing google contacts , go into one of the contacts , edit it , hit menu and select join , then find the other contact and select it .
generally fat is used when possible simply because it is compatible with more ( older ) devices . while this is not much of an issue today , it probably continues out of ( 1 ) very slight market advantage and ( 2 ) the fact that factory machinery is set up that way and it would cost owners to change it . in any event , android can certainly read fat32 ; if it could not nobody would be able to use sd cards larger than 2gb . there should be no problem with android being able to read your card after a format .
the android os itself is not dependant on any files on the removable sd card . if you have no apps that use this file , you can safely delete the file , or even format the sd card if you want .
the cookies form the default android browser are stored in /data/data/com . android . browser/databases/webview . db . the problem is that other applications , for security reasons , do not have access to this file . since the browser application has not implement this functionality , it is not possible .
switching the primary account on google play seems to continue the auto-update process
first remove the network from known list . then when you are adding that wi-fi network on your tablet use manual dhcp and enter the details from your phone . . . this should work without issues . .
one simple method would be to use a custom ringtone for sms where the audio itself is louder . you coould use a loud audio clip or edit one to be louder .
you are looking for the device art generator .
i think this is a manufacturer specific feature , not an android feature . my nexus 4 running 4.4 has no power saver mode . my htc one running 4.4 does have a power saver mode and although i can choose what aspects of the phone i want to limit to conserve power , i am not told how / what they do to save the power . i guess this will be chosen and set per manufacturer but for example , on my htc device in power saver mode the options are ; cpu power conserve cpu usage display reduce screen brightness vibration turn off vibration feedback data connection put to sleep when screen is off have you had a look in your settings menu ? it may well tell you in there what is being limited .
why do you want to avoid flashing chainfire 's kernel ? from xda : this rooted kernel is for the " rooting beginners " and those who want to keep as close to stock as possible . cf-root takes the kernel from an original samsung firmware , and just adds root , busybox , and clockworkmod ( cwm4 ) recovery . rooting voids your warranty just the same as flashing does , and odin is virtually guaranteed to save you if you ignore the instructions while flashing and screw something up . you can also re-flash the stock kernel afterwards , which will remove cwm while still leaving you rooted . edit : gingerbreak apparently only worked on test devices .
changing usb port made adb recognize the android device .
sim is a old guy , but usim ( card 's name is uicc , usim is logical module ) is new designed specially for umts ( 3g ) generation . while sim can also be used to access 3g , usim has extra advantages over sim : 3g video calls ( not supported with sim ) higher security : usim introduces new algorithm to prevent unauthorized access to phone line . plus , it encrypts your calls and internet traffic with stronger encryption keys . it stores contacts securely too . bigger and improved phonebook : usim allows you to store thousands of contacts ( limit on sim is 255 ) . each contact can now contain email id and more than one phone number . usim can run small applications like computer ( sim 's analog is simple sim menu which can not compute something by own other than communicating with carrier 's server ) .
does this work for you ? contacts -> menu -> delete -> select all -> delete if not there are apps " delete contacts " in the market you could try .
the stock android browser , as long as the website uses a file upload control it can . i just used the upload tool on twitpic , which uses flash , allows me to select audio , video or image files , and uploads them to twitpic .
i have an evo and had this problem as soon as i started moving a lot of apps to my sd card . basically , apps moved to an sd card are stored in a secure area and it apparently takes android a while to make this " secure " area available at boot , and this may not happen before your launcher starts . the more apps you have , the longer it takes to do whatever it is doing , and at some point you will find none of the sd card apps available at boot . restarting your launcher may or may not be necessary ; the one i use , tag home , does seem to notice apps becoming available on the sd card . . . sometimes . i found that a hot reboot ( a partial restart that only reloads the phone 's ui ; you can find apps that do this in the market , though you need to have rooted the phone ) would usually help , but i had to time it properly , or do it multiple times . i read somewhere that gingerbread ( android 2.3 ) makes this better . the evo came with 2.2 and recently a 2.3 ota upgrade appeared for it . i have not yet installed that for a couple of reasons : first , as i said , i rooted my phone and need to be cautious with this , and second , there were some bugs reported in the upgrade which will be fixed later this month . so i do not yet know firsthand if this is true . i have had much better luck partitioning my sd card ( adding a dedicated 1gb partition for apps ) and using an app from the market called link2sd . not only do the apps usually seem to be available by the time the launcher loads , you can move the entire app to the card ( did you ever notice that apps take some internal memory even after moving them to sd ? ) and even moves apps that can not be moved the usual way . ( hbo go wants 15 mb of my internal memory ? not anymore ! i even moved adobe flash to sd and it continues to work fine . ) however , you have to root your phone to do all this and it is fairly advanced .
in theory - yes . in practice , it varies from device to device - a very common way of an end-user obtaining root is to flash an insecure kernel . this can be a standalone kernel or a pre-rooted kernel + rom combination . for certain devices , there are also available a number of 3rd party " one-click rooting " apps . that being said , rooting might cause your device to be unusable ( if not done correctly or something unexpected occurs ) , so read the instructions carefully before proceeding and always backup your data to an external source like dropbox or to your pc before you begin . here 's a link ( unverified ) on how to root your verizon stellar .
if all you did is download an . exe file , you have nothing to worry about . it is a program for windows , and it can not run on your android phone . just delete the file you downloaded to make sure no one copies it to a windows computer by accident . but if your router is infected by malware , do not use it at all . it can intercept and impersonate every website you use and visit . it can steal any login details you enter on websites and pretend to be you .
1:you could try to use a different usb cable , as this will sometimes interfere with the hardware . 2:try connecting on a different usb post ; the individual port could be malfunctioning 3: have your phone already unlocked and turn off the screen sleep : go to > settings | then either > display settings > sleep > never turn off screen general settings > sleep > never turn off screen
have you installed any custom calling app ? i am sure that this is not the case on my default stock calling app .
yes it is true . it also removes all the crap the carriers put on there as well .
applications store their data in a folders named after their package . these folders are located in data/data . the easiest way to find out the package name is to look at the play store url . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=mobi.mgeek.TunnyBrowser  the package name is the part that comes after id= . you can see that dolphin 's package name is mobi.mgeek.TunnyBrowser , so the full path is : /data/data/mobi.mgeek.TunnyBrowser 
ahh , schneier on security , unvy gb gur xvat . :- ) tl ; dr it may be possible , no one can say for sure . and since no one knows if it is possible you can not block it , because you do not know what and therefore how to block . but first , let use investigate the statement step by step : note that the article is from 2006 . . . said mobile providers can . . . google is certainly able to do so , if you are using a google services enabled device ( usually the ones with " by google " on the back ) . but basically every hardware/software manufacturer , whose parts are placed within smartphone ( or traditional mobile phone ) , is able to install backdoors in his products , which could by used third parties to manipulate the device . either because they bought this access or because the manufacturer is forced to , for example by a ( secret ) government regulation . . . . " remotely install a piece of software on to any handset , . . that is possible and every time you install an app over the play store web interface you use this technique . . . without the owner 's knowledge , . . usually you will see visual feedback about the installation process , at least until it is running . but the notification about the new app stays in the notification bar . but no one can rule out that there is a silent install method too . . . which will activate the microphone even when its owner is not making a call . . . android apps are able to activiate the microphone if they have the permission to to so . but if the app came with a silent install method , who knows if the permission for the microphone was also silently given ? and now , how can i protect my privacy ? as soon as you buy a piece of hardware/software without having the ability to verify the hardware and software components for surveillance backdoors , you are lost . but there are alternatives . there have been attempts to create open source hardware and software for smartphones . therefore allowing you to review the components for unwanted modules . see for example opoenmoko .
according to google 's help pages on using voice within the search app , the voice actions only work for a limited set of languages : for most of these tips , you need to be using android 4.1+ in english , french , german , italian , japanese , korean , russian , spanish , or brazilian portuguese . some voice actions are not available in all languages and countries . they are not referring to the search app 's " language " setting , as that only governs language in which search results are returned . you must change the system-wide Language setting to one the supported locales under settings -> language and input . unfortunately there is currently no way to use voice actions under other locales . google however are always improving their search app , so it is possible that voice actions will become available in your country 's language soon .
the typical implementation of a " hot reboot " does not actually shut down the os and restart it ( see what does hot boot mean ? for related discussion ) . in essence , it is killing the ui and other foreground processes , then restarting the ui components , making it somewhat analogous to restarting the x server on a *nix machine . the music player spawns a background service that actually handles playback , and services simply are not interrupted in the hot reboot process . using the *nix analogy again , restarting your x server typically does not kill your daemons , but it will stop any currently running x applications . it is a similar principle on every hot reboot implementation i have seen . now i should probably also qualify this with a disclaimer that this is based on my understanding of one such implementation of the " hot reboot " feature . there may be others that do it differently , but since this is not a standard/native feature and it is generally not documented anywhere you had likely have to reach out to the developer of your particular app or rom for more information . heck , this may even vary depending on the music player you are using - the above is just my analysis based on the limited information i have found available on the subject .
as far as i know this is not possible . imho , it contradicts google 's incentive to have an as best as possible geolocation service . some background information : google maintains a huge database for its geolocation service ( "access coarse location " permission ) . it consists of : wifi access point mappings : wifi mac address resolve to a geolocation cell tower mapping : cell tower id 's resolve to a geolocation this database is " community " crowd-sourced by the huge android user base , aka . everyone that has google 's location service enabled ( see below ) google is interested to have a high quality database , i.e. convince you to opt in to allowing your phone to be part of the crowd-sourcing hence : if you want to use ' coarse location ' services from google you opt in to constant data mining as long as it is enabled ps : disabling wifi only cuts you off from one of the possible information sources . having cell tower id 's will still give you coarse location , but with lower accuracy some may recall the skyhook vs . google dispute where google seemingly pressured motorola and samsung to prefer google 's own geolocation service over that of skyhook ( out of fear for losing part of the crowdsourcing community if those two big players would have used the 3rd party skyhook service ) . source : theverge
on the versions of the play store with the new " simplified " permissions dialog , you can still find a full list of permissions from the app 's store page ( the screen with the icon at the top , description , screenshots , and c . ) . scroll down to the bottom of the page . under " additional information " you will see " permissions " with a link " view details " . click this link to see a dialog with the list of individual permissions . in particular , an sms app might have permissions " edit your text messages " , " receive text messages " , " read your text messages " , " send sms messages " , each one saying whether it applies to sms , mms , or both . they are pretty self-explanatory on the face of it , but there are some subtleties . " receive text messages " means the app will be notified ( by android ) of a new message as soon as it arrives . this is normal for an sms app , or for a few apps that use a special sms to validate your phone number with some online service ( such as facebook ) . in contrast , " read your text messages " lets an app get data from android 's database containing your message history . this means it can see messages sent from different apps , or messages you sent or received before you installed the new app . any text message you can see in the stock sms app , this app will also have access to . again , this is normal in an sms app . " edit your text messages " gives the app write access to that same database . for example , the app uses this to save messages or drafts to your message history . again , this is completely normal for an sms app . but it could also be used for an app that illicitly sends premium sms messages to delete the records afterwards . like any permission , it comes down to trust . it is on you to decide if you trust the author of this app to only use these abilities the way you want : not just now , but in future versions of the app too until you you uninstall it .
gps is a passive technology - it does not get notified of a new position , it works it out by listening to the gps signals it receives and doing some maths . the options in gps apps that allow you to choose the minimum distance are there to make your location appear more stable - small variations in your calculated location would otherwise make for lots and lots of waypoints on your track ( if that is what you are recording ) , making for a much increased filesize . depending on what your app does when you change position , you might get some power savings by increasing this value , but that would be down to the app doing less with the position once it has it , rather than by getting your position less frequently . the glympse app , for example , continually sends your position to the glympse servers . if you could choose how often to update that position you could maybe save some power , but you would not be saving any power on the gps side of things .
at adobe reader click on top part of screen , then you will see top toolbar . at toolbar you need 4 button from right corner of toolbar .
this is what i did in android 4.1 and gmail : open gmail tap the overflow menu ( three vertical dots ) and select settings tap the account for which you do not want to get notifications uncheck the notifications option that should be all you need to do .
the first thing worth noting that your original attempt at pointing your browser to the . apk directly should work ( see the comments starting with stephen schrauger 's ) . it is not really clear why this would not be the case for you , but you may want to double-check your downloads app ( in the app drawer ) and your pathing . it could be that it is " downloading " in the background but it happens so quickly that you do not realize it . if for some reason that really is not working , then you can try a potential workaround . this is pretty ugly , but it does work . i have tested this on my nexus 10 , for reference . create a folder on your laptop that contains your apk files ( we will call it apkfolder for the purposes of this example ) , then within that folder create an html file ( we will call it apkinstall.html ) using a text editor . since you have an astro apk , use this as the content of the html file : &lt;a href="Astro.apk"&gt;Install Astro&lt;/a&gt;  where Astro.apk should be the actual name of your astro apk file . now copy apkfolder onto the root of your nexus 7 's storage using android file transfer . make sure that all the apks copy over as well as the html file . if you are using textedit on a mac : textedit will attempt to treat things as rtf files by default , so even if you save it with a . html extension it may not work . one workaround i have found is to go to Format &gt; Make Plain Text before you save the file . you will know you are in the correct format when the rulers and such disappear from the textedit window . then you can save the file and make sure you use change the .txt to .html . next launch your browser , and point it to file:///sdcard/apkfolder/apkinstall.html . you should get a mostly blank page , with a link that says " install astro " . click that link to install the astro apk from your storage , then use astro to install all your other apps . if you are using chrome , then you will probably need to pull down the notification bar and tap the " download complete " notification to actually kick off the install . in the more general case , if you did not have a file manager apk , you could instead add a bunch of link entries to the html file - one for each app - and install all of them that way . in your case , this should not be necessary .
there is no way to tell if the call is coming from google voice unless you change your settings to show the google voice number , but then as chris stated , you wont know who is calling . the reason , it is not the google voice app that handles the incoming call , you can actually receive google voice calls to your phone without even having the app installed . the google voice servers forward the call to your number ( s ) , and based on your settings , they send either the callers info or your google voice number with the " caller id " info .
with the stock keyboards , no . some 3rd party keyboards may allow this , but i do not know any . there are some keyboards that have additional options too .
the folder you are seeing is the internal sd one . just put your update . zip file there and search for it , it might be hidden in the scroll , just go down and it will show more files in the folder . to make the process a lot more easy , just rename your * . zip to update . zip , but the file in the root of the internal sd card folder and use the install update . zip from internal sd method .
as of android 2.0 , the system requires that apps that run constantly in the background , and that require a certain level of priority so that they do not get killed offhand ( like music apps ) , put an ongoing notification . this was to prevent abuse of requesting this level of priority without letting the user know that it is occurring . you can read about this here : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/app/service.html#startforeground(int, android . app . notification )
dolphin browswer hd has an option to " save page . " i tried it on this page and it saved it as 1606 . htm . i then went into gmail and chose to " add attachment " and used astro file browser to attach it .
well it starts because that is how dev coded it . you can try programs like startup manager that will kill the program once it starts .
be patient , it can take a while for your device to show on there
auto-fit is supposed to force the text to wrap based on the size of your screen when you zoom in on a web page . i think . as long as i am connecting the right term with the right action , it has limits . for instance , the page width does not actually change , and images and side bars will not change position , shape , or size . basically it is designed to keep you from scrolling sideways to read the text of an article .
you do not need root . you also do not need a terminal , for an app to use its own private utilities . but if you want vim , terminal ide provides that , a number of other utilities ( git , ssh , tmux ) , the ability to use bash or java as a ' scripting language ' at the terminal , and the ability to create and install android apps on-device . i use terminal ide and vim quite a bit , ( but with better terminal emulator pro 's terminal , actually . )
if you can , boot into fastboot by holding down both volume keys and pressing the power key , then start recovery and do a factory reset .
i never heard there is a difference : factory-reset is factory-reset ( which is why both methods are often mentioned alternatively to each other : if you still can power up your device manually , you can use the corresponding item in the settings menu -- otherwise , you can go via the recovery-mode ) . usually , the menu item in settings says something like " reset to factory defaults " , while the corresponding entry in recovery says " wipe data and caches " . now , what is a factory-reset , in technical terms ? resetting all settings to the defaults of the currently installed rom , while deleting all data and user-installed apps . how is that done ? by . . . wiping /data ( user-apps and data , plus dalvik cache ) and wiping /cache ( app cache ) now comes the circular reasoning : is not that what the corresponding entry in recovery says -- " wiping data and caches " ?
i am not sure if the following will be a perfect match for you , but you always can adjust it once you have got the idea . in my example , i will refer to tasker only : not having worked with the secure settings myself , i can only tell things about it from the hear-say and what i have read . basic tasker knowledge assumed : conditions : State &rarr ; Wifi Connected , parameter : SSID set to your wifi 's ssid State &rarr ; Display is off task : Display &rarr ; Keyguard off 1 this is with plain tasker , and should solve half of your problem : when connected to the specified wifi , and the display is turned off , turn off keyguard . as soon as you turn on the display , the condition is no longer met -- and keyguard would automatically be activated again . problem will be : if you do not take any immediate action , that probably locks your screen again ( first action of keyguard ) . to prevent this , you could try adding an exit task : exit task : Tasker &rarr ; Wait , parameter is the time interval ( start with e.g. 10s ) Display &rarr ; Keyguard on 1 this would cause the keyguard re-activation to be delayed by the given time interval . i did not try this -- it might very well be that keyguard still would lock the device , even though you already might do something in another app . but you have already noted the " footnote sign " , so let 's go for that : 1 instead of handling keyguard directly , let secure settings do that . i know it has the ability to e.g. have keyguard only come up once ( initially ) when a condition is met . this would simplify things greatly : the task then would be Plugin &rarr ; Secure Settings , and the secure settings parameter should be to set keyguard as described : " only needed once initially , then no more until the condition is no longer met " . also drop the " display off " condition : when the display is off , you cannot unlock it either ( you see where your problem most likely was ) . so it should work as you have intended -- after the first unlock . not exactly what you wanted ( one-time unlock is still needed ) , but almost . the exit task would not be required in this case , as tasker automatically reverts back once the condition is no longer met . play a little with this , maybe secure setting even allows for something better .
do it after , just in case . rooting should not affect this process , but you never know . if it fails to activate you will need to bring it in presumably , and if they see it is rooted they will not honor your warranty . installing a custom rom can definitely screw this up , though , so i would not do that . the comments on my answer to this question have some insight into that experience ( fortunately he got it fixed ) .
android os versions 3 . x and above ( honeycomb , ice cream sandwich ) actually have a setting that allows you to specify " owner info " text that will show up when the device is locked . there are also many 3rd-party locks-creen replacement apps that allow for much greater configuration flexibility than the stock one , including the ability to specify any text on the locks-creen . take a look at widgetlocker or go locker , for example . for the " unlocked " state , you can always modify an image to include the " if found . . . " text , copy it onto the device 's sd card ( or internal storage area ) , and set that as the wallpaper . you can use one of the myriad of free image editing software ( e . g . paint .net) to add the text .
i fixed by giving the mobile calendar the same name as its called on google . . .
for posterity 's sake , i would like to point out that after doing research online , i have found out that this is an issue plaguing samsung galaxy s2 and s3 as well . most of the discussions on this issue end with , " why do not you just get a @gmail account ? " since i refuse to have an email with numbers in it , i am going to stick to my more professional looking email on @live.com. i do not want to put an ugly email like jsmith223@live . com on my resume or any other correspondence for that matter . anyhoo , long story short , if you have a hotmail email address (@hotmail.com, @live.com, @outlook.com, etc ) and you value a synchronized mailbox ( meaning , having all sent and read messages marked as such on your desktop , web mailbox and phone regardless of where you sent or read a message ) , then do not get an android device until there is concrete evidence online of someone being able to show that it works . pop3 is archaic technology from the mid-90s . imap is not a whole lot newer , but you can still get by with imap . unfortunately , microsoft has refused to offer imap services on hotmail accounts . so your only options are pop3 and exchange activesync ( eas ) .
*its probably talking about either talkback , soundback , or kickback . ( talkback being when you divert to home it with articulate " home" ; soundback producing a ping ; kickback producing a vibration ) but i would make sure to double think which one you prefer or really need being that you will not be able to uninstall once downloaded . once downloaded it should give you an option . *
i believe that feature was added with android 2.2 as my moto droid recently got the ability to do that . unfortunately , i believe you are out of luck until at and t pushes an update to your phone , unless you are willing to install a non-standard rom .
both facebook and twitter contact sync stopped doing anything useful sometime recently ( ics ? ) . they no longer provide a meaningful between your phone contacts and the actions provided by those clients . i think this has to do with changes to the android api that for whatever reason these companies have not adapted to . there is a stop-gap solution for facebook using a third party app such as contact sync for facebook or friends sync * but i do not know any solution for twitter other than the hack-it method of having a url listed and using the web client . * this publisher also has other sync apps for foursquare , flickr , and others .
i was able to take screenshots after rebooting the device and running the same screenshot app with root permissions . the golauncher screenshot feature gives the same results , corrupt image when ran as root and very small image when ran as non-root .
i did a reset from " backup and reset " menu in settings . and this got the digital clock back .
this approach will work ( provided there are no proprietary funny locks in place anywhere ) , but the recovery partition is no party to it from the very beginning . the default . prop is overwritten on bootup , copied from the boot partition , which is not a directly accessible file system . you need an image of the boot partition , which you will then unpack , make the change , and repack . assuming you know how to go about doing all that ( since you say you tried it with the recovery ) , i must warn ahead that often times it is necessary to include the base address when making the image with mkbootimg . there is no way to know when it is required , so it is safe to always include a base address . you can follow a tutorial here : www.freeyourandroid.com/guide/extract-edit-repack-boot-img-windows the script includes the od command with which you can get the base address , in case you want to make your own script . for more on the manual steps ( for reproducing on gnu/linux ) : android-dls.com/wiki/index.php?title=howto:_unpack%2c_edit%2c_and_re-pack_boot_images i do not recommend use of the unpack/repack scripts , as they have hardcoded lines not portable across cases . use split_bootimg . pl , then gunzip and cpio extract it , after which you will again use cpio and gzip it , followed by the mkbootimg command . the only exception is for mtk65xx devices , where you will need the relevant unpack/repack tools ( because they have very different offsets ; you will also skip the mkbootimg as the repack script does it for you ) : github.com/bgcngm/mtk-tools and here is an on-going example of a chinese rebranded phone going through the same thing to finally get root : forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1818146page=5 i am sorry i have to strip off proper links , but i am apparently considered potential spam . also , i have not been rather thorough because i am not really sure you had want more verbosity .
it looks like the key was holding down volume-down , power , and camera buttons until the capacitive buttons ( home , search , etc ) lit up , which was longer than until the screen flashed ( as stated in the cyanogenmod wiki ) .
the string "3.0.8+ root@ubuntu #412" is the kernel version of your android . it does not mean your device is running ubuntu , though : it is not unusual that the kernel version includes the name of the machine it was compiled on . so it just tells you what the dev of your custom rom uses for development .
i guess the easiest way is using an app like pocket ( formerly known as " read it later" ) . pocket accepts input from all kind of apps via the " share " menu ; i e.g. use it with my rss reader , twitter apps , browser , and more . so far for the " android end": even before the buffer starts filling , press " share " , select " pocket " , done . now for your pc , pocket offers addon for several browsers . for me , that is firefox , and it is addon works like a charm : i have got a small icon next to my url bar , which opens a ( paged ) list of saved entries which even offers a search/filter function – so it is easy to pick the wanted entry ( here : youtube url ) and watch the movie . the " share process " on your android device works in the background ( gives you status information via " toast messages" ) , so it does not disturb you in whatever you are doing . as a side effect ( you might already have taken that from my above description ) you can do the same with a lot of other stuff you want to " consume later " – as long as it provides an url : tweets , web pages , rss feeds , probably also podcasts and more . and if you decide to check some of the stuff while on the road , pocket offers a reader for that as well ( included with the app ) .
you could physical approaches , such as setting a fan blowing across the phone or other airflow maximization ( e . g . , if you can stand it up , then both the back and front are exposed to air ) . lastly , if it does not interfere with the radios , you could try resting it on an upside-down heavy-duty aluminum jellyroll pan ( "cookie sheet" ) which will function as a heat sink . you can combine approaches of course ; a fan blowing over the jellyroll pan will be even better . that you are getting several hours before overheat tells me you are close , so you probably will not need to do much to dissipate the heat . standing the phone up may be enough . a fan almost certainly will be .
launch chrome in the overflow menu , choose Settings under basics , tap the entry for your account disconnect the account ; you will be warned that the data will remain but you will lose your synchronization tap Sign in to Chrome at the bottom of the screen choose the account you want to use for synchronizing obviously for this to work you will need to have already added the account to your phone .
it does not support this out-of-the box , but you can swing it by using the xposed framework and the xposed gel settings module : install the xposed framework installer open the xf installer and select " framework " at the top of the menu , then press the " install/update " button on the next page reboot install xposed gel settings , either from google play or via the xf installer 's repo interface ( the " download " item on the main menu ) . launch xgels and open the app drawer ( tap the top left icon or swipe from the left edge ) . select " general " from the drawer , then switch on " rotation " on the list of settings . go into the xf installer and select " modules " from the main menu . check the box next to xgels to enable the module . reboot again
the rumored google babel may be the solution you are looking for . hopefully it will be announced/released before or at google i/o .
your contacts should all be backed up to the google account you registered your phone with , provided that you are saving your contacts to google and not your sim card . check to make sure that you are using google as your default contact list , and that syncing for contacts for that account is checked . update : you can use titanium backup to migrate settings between rom wipes for other apps/contacts .
to find out the actual size of the ring buffer , you can use $ adb logcat -g  to adjust the size of the ring buffer , you might try $ adb logcat -r &lt;kbytes&gt;  at least that is what some tutorials say . for more details , you might want to read " adb logcat " command options and log buffers . p.s. : i guess those settings ( manual adjusted ring buffer size ) will not survive a reboot -- just to consider .
the following is the way i enable additional spell checkers on my galaxy nexus which runs on vanilla android 4.3 , i hope it will be the same for your moto g : open your app drawer and go to settings > language and input scroll down to keyboard and input methods section : if your google keyboard is enabled , tap its settings button , if not , enable it first . on google keyboard settings screen , tap input languages on input languages screen , scroll down and enable polish . then tap back . you should be on google keyboard settings screen again : scroll down to text correction section and tap add-on dictionaries . on add-on dictionaries screen , scroll down and tap polski ( which it should say it is available ) . now it should appear a button to install this dictionary : tap it and wait until it is installed . now , the install button will be replaced for a delete button , and the dictionary status will say installed . exit settings screens . now you can use the polish spell checker in the phone . just toggle the language by tapping the globe key to the left of spacebar in google keyboard until it says polski and you will be ready to use it .
yes and it is called xposed additions - available as a free or paid version on the play store . i use it to disable the power button wake on my galaxy s4 and replace it with the " media play/pause " function and it works flawlessly .
you can use the itravelfree app to save wikitravel pages and view them offline .
hold volume up + home + power key wait for 3 mins press volume down 3 times press power button press volume down 6 times press power key that will do a hard reset .
you can not , unless the particular app provides a way . the android os does not manage or keep track of where apps decide to write on the sd card .
stock samsung software always mounts the sd card after the system is up , at least on my vibrant , so i would expect there is not too much you can do about that without hacking the startup scripts ( presumably difficult ) . as for the second problem , the market description says : " it can break some apps if they are not meant to be moved to the sd card ( such as widgets ) . " try moving any widgets back to your phone storage .
in android development there are different logging levels . for example , there is Log.v for verbose , Log.e for level error , Log.w for level warn . all these are visible in logcat during development . then there is Log.wtf which is like Log.e except it has level assert which may actually terminate the program depending on the system . ideally , this should never happen in your app . sidenote : wtf stands for " what a terrible failure " . android docs on this : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/util/log.html
unfortunately , offline voice recognition is only available for devices running android 4.1 ( jelly bean ) and above - anything below that will not receive support . there is , however , another hidden requirement - your device must have a sufficient amount of ram in order to be able to download the offline voice recognition files from google . my incredible s is running 4.2.2 and with 572 mbs of ram i do not see the option . should you receive an upgrade to 4.1+ ( by root or other means ) , you may go to Language and Input in settings and select Download offline speech recognition under Voice Search .
the problem with doing this is that the system holds your contacts and so any apps that reads you contacts will get the same contacts . this app is not directly what you want but may help ? https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=contacts.privatecontacts
the x10 is distributed in two varieties for different regions of the world , and they are internally referred to as the x10a and the x10i by sony ericsson . strictly speaking , x10 is just a general term for the hardware of either of the x10 phones , so there is no " difference " since an x10a is an x10 . as for the difference between the x10a and the x10i , you can find a good explanation on the wikipedia page . essentially , the x10a is sold in south america and the x10i is sold in asia and europe . both phones are sold in the us and australia , but on different carriers . for instance , in the us , at and t carries the x10a and t-mobile carries the x10i . because they are targeted at different regions/carriers , they support slightly different frequency bands . the rest of the hardware is the same .
you can create a screen shortcut for " home " or any location you use often . long-press on the home screen , select the shortcuts option , and scroll down to get a directions option . you will be prompted for an address , which can be either specific or general . choose car , public transit , or walking directions , ensure " turn-by-turn navigation " is checked , and give it a short name , like " home " . now you have a shortcut which will quickly get the directions you want from wherever you are . you can also " star " locations on the map that you use often . you can also use contacts to quickly get addresses for navigation . were you to have a " home " entry in your contact list , you could simply use the voice command " navigate to home " .
google maps navigation is currently available in the united states , canada , uk , ireland , austria , belgium , denmark , france , germany , italy , the netherlands , portugal , spain , and switzerland .
i share my experience and knowledge as an android developer : most widgets do not consume ( or use just a bit ) processor power when they are not visible , but some would consume even if your screen is off and phone is locked . it is based on what task the widget is considered to do , and how developer has written and optimized the code . as a general rule : more widgets would slow down your launcher ( desktop ) because your phone has to render ui of the widget every time it is shown to you . as i see , your phone is a low-end one and surely , it shows some lag when you add more widgets , but keep in mind that smartphones are made to do tasks , not to just scroll fast and be lag-free . so , if you really use those widgets , keep using them ! and one more thing , if your phone is running on android ics 4.0 or newer , you would not need any task manager or task killer . android itself best manages tasks and you should not worry about background tasks , as long as you have not installed any malicious app . killing background apps never improves speed on your phone or battery life .
the default location is already on your external sd card in the /bluetooth folder . it is not possible to configure it up to android 4.1 jelly bean : with the included stock bluetooth receiver you cannot change the location as of now , because it is hard coded . you need a 3rd party app like bluetooth file transfer which might be configurable here . in . /packages/apps/bluetooth/src/com/android/bluetooth/opp/ you can see it . constants . java defines this : public static final String DEFAULT_STORE_SUBDIR = "/bluetooth";  bluetoothoppreceivefileinfo . java has no switch for the location :
the power + vol- combo is not instant , you have to hold it for a couple of seconds . and , as you noted , press the power button first or you will get the volume control and power off your phone .
on Contacts tab of stock contacts app , hit Options button . then , choose more ~> Display Options . on this screen , un-check Only contacts with phone numbers . then , check all accounts whose contacts you want to delete ( like facebook , all gmail groups ) . and , un-check all accounts whose contacts you do not want to delete ( like phone , sim ) . tap Save button after you finished checking and un-checking . on Contacts tab , hit Options button again . choose Delete this time . on next screen , tap Select all and then Delete button . done ! after this , again go to display options to display your contacts which were not deleted .
browsing around forums and sites i found out the following answers to my doubts . i am not completely satisfied but it helped understand more . every device 's power management depends on some suspend/resume policies that are implemented in the firmware controlling that particular device . this is very device dependent : how and when each device turns off ( suspends itself ) and wakes up ( resumes ) depends on the hw specifications , you have to read the datasheets to understand which particular registries must be manipulated to suspend/resume it . you can control this stuff via software in the drivers of the devices , inside of the kernel 's source code , by accessing some funcions in the form &lt;something&gt;_suspend and &lt;something&gt;_resume . e.g. from the source code of the kernel of the emulator " goldfish": in file drivers/video/goldfishfb.c ( the driver responsible for the frame buffer ) so the early_suspend writes a 1 in the register FB_SET_BLANK to turn off the screen , or a 0 to turn it back on . so it seems to me that a process in the application execution environment needs to access and corrupt the devices drivers to manipulate maliciously power management of a device .
there are a few points to note on this . not all of them will help you on your issue , but at least explain things or point you to helpful information : some devs explain in their apps ' descriptions what they need those permissions for , others do so at least on the corresponding web sites ( e . g . in the faq ) . if they missed that , contact them and ask to have that gap filled . phone id + internet is required by most ad modules . to avoid that , check for payed versions . android apps are not really expensive , and of course devs like to be compensated for their work . the average price of 1 buck should be worth it . no real issue with the accounts stuff . for explanations , please take a look at what can an app do with the “use accounts on the device” permission ? what does permission “manage_accounts” mean ? i agree that a game rarely has a good reason to access your contacts , calendar , call lists , browser history , and bookmarks . my guess in those cases is , that in ~80% the dev simply made a " bad decision " concerning the ad module chosen ( there are some really bordering spyware ) . again , contact the dev and ask . according to a study i read a while ago , about 60% of the devs are not even aware of that issue ; being approached , they were open for alternatives ( unfortunately i do not remember the source currently ) . i also agree concerning phone calls , and even sms . they might be used for in-app purchases , but i do not think this is a good practice . further good sources can be found in our permissions tag-wiki .
the app has multiple input modes . in the default , tapping the display moves and clicks the mouse . in another mode , the display acts like a trackpad , so dragging along the screen causes the mouse to move accordingly on the remote system . see the " input modes " sections of the documentation for details . you can change the input mode from the app menu without disconnecting .
i have found the culprit ! i went to settings > call > internet call settings and deleted the sip account i had once created and forgot . the phone kept reaching the sip server ( probably to check for incoming calls ) . i had to install a packet sniffer on the phone ( tpacketcapture ) to see where the requests where going and realize i had configured a sip account .
this should get you started . please , carefully check your versions to make sure the files you use are intended for your phone .
no , the key parts of the rom would be the kernel and all the drivers for the hardware . the boot image is likely different too . these devices are not the same so you would end up , at the very least , " soft bricking " your device . even when a device is basically the same , take all of the galaxy s devices ( vibrant , captivate , facinate , epic , i9000 ) , all are basically the same device , but you cannot " cross flash " the roms between them . this is because the smallest change in hardware or boot image prevents this .
for doing the conversion on device itself , i would suggest searching the google play store for audio conversion apps . several results look like viable candidates : the file converter and convert audio , for example . the features to look for are downsampling , changing bitrate and frequency , conversion to more efficient formats like ogg , aic or flacc . i recommend trying each app yourself on one or two mp3 files to see if you get the results you want . play store 's 15-minute refund policy should give you enough time to figure out if the app is worth the price . with that said , i would highly recommend doing the conversion on your pc instead . first , by copying your mp3s from the phone to the pc you are making a backup . just in case something goes wrong during the conversion process , you will not lose the original file from your handset . second , there are a lot more choices in terms of software on windows/mac/linux for audio file manipulation ( especially the free and open-source variety , ) and may also be able to do this in batch ( i.e. . convert multiple files automatically . )
it is there all along ! open up the email app and press the menu button . go to view> folders you now need to tap the folder icon next to inbox and it will ' expand ' and display all the subfolders under it . this must be the icon and not the text . it wont work if you press the text so you must press the icon . i have to say this is pretty poor ui design , as it is not obvious to end users . i will try and add a screenshot when i next get the s3 .
does your device auto-mount its storage to the pc when connected ? on most devices you need to pull down the notification bar and click the usb notification to mount . you should dismount the same way , after dismounting in linux , before unplugging the device . and , how much free space do you have ?
did you try setting manually the ip+dns , instead of relying on dhcp , as it does by default ? Wireless and Networks -&gt; Wi-Fi settings -&gt; [menu] -&gt; Advanced -&gt; Use static IP
i do not think there is a way android will work on itunes natively . i would suggest look at media players that sync with the itunes program itself i have not tried this but http://www.winamp.com has this feature for a while and is free . its also mac http://www.winamp.com/mac os x 10.6 and above http://blog.winamp.com/2010/11/30/sync-your-itunes-library-to-android-with-winamp/ the media you talked about that is streaming will hopefully be synced into winamp through playlists , however if this does not work that is a whole other question and may be different from stream to stream . http://www.clementine-player.org/ is a good free opensource alternative for windows etc that syncs with android players quitewell and has many streaming features built in . if your itunes is stuck on a powerpc you might not have a choice but to backup your itunes library and restore it to another computer . so on your itunes on your old powerpc backup the library to some removable media to restore on your windows itunes http://support.apple.com/kb/ht1382?viewlocale=en_us there are also other methods here http://support.apple.com/kb/ht4527 it all depends on your setup and needs .
it sounds like you are happy using google/gmail as an intermediary for the sync , if you have already tried google calendar sync , if so then there are a few options . it sounds unlikely from your question , but if you are part of an organisation that is given you a paid-for google apps account then google apps sync is available for you . this syncs an outlook calendar , contacts and mail with a google apps gmail account , and from there you can easily sync with your phone . unfortunately this is not available for standard gmail/google accounts , or for free google apps accounts . other , third party , options to sync outlook with a gmail account are go contact sync ( free ) , companionlink ( paid app ) or goosync ( subscription service with free trial ) .
you need to find a wifi dongle with a chipset the device supports . each chipset requires different drivers , so you will have to find one that is supported . there a discussion thread on the site you linked to about exactly this .
data files are usually kept in either /data/data/ [ packagename ] / or they could be stored on the sdcard . [ packagename ] will be something like com . fitnesskeeper . runkeeper . pro . the data file your looking for will probably be in that directory ( well , one of the sub-directories any how ) . as for if they store the data on the sdcard , most developers do not follow the recommendations to store the data in /sdcard/android/ so if they are on the sdcard , i could not tell you where to even look . i would suggest , after you look in /data/data , to look for the [ packagename ] some where on the sdcard , or look for something with runkeeper in the name .
in facebook , you can change the notification sound from facebook > menu > settings > notification ringtone . i assume it would be the same for messenger , never used it though
i did some searching due to the other answer and found someone on xda claiming that this is a market/play bug , and you are seeing it because the market thinks one of your apps is actually that ojsc mobile app . even better , i found this just-published story on the verge : samsung has several pieces of software that it installs on it devices but that are not in the google play store ( for obvious reasons ) . however , every single android app has an app name that identifies it on the android system , in this case the " unique " name is com . seven . z7 , which identifies samsung 's email app . what appears to have happened is that russian developer ojsc mobile telesystems gave that unique identifier to its "мтс мобильная почта" app , and so these samsung devices were tricked into thinking it was an update to samsung 's email client . since google play allows for automatic updating of all apps , it was installed on many devices . i could not find the app in the play store anymore , so perhaps google has taken it down to resolve this . below is the original version of this post , which would still be applicable in more normal circumstances . if it is a system app for supporting cyrillic text , which is what it sounds like , it could hardly be called malware . crapware , perhaps , if you do not need it . if you do not need it , then no need to update ( unless you want to be rid of the notification , though in that case i recommend rooting and removing the app ) . no reason not to update either i would say &mdash ; you already have it on your device , so unless it is doing something nasty in the new version in particular then you have already been exposed to any dangers it may contain :p . of course , updating will require more space on your device unless you are rooted and can entirely replace the original version with the update ( normally the system keeps all original versions of system apps ) .
it looks like an update to acal has resolved my issues . so i still do not know how to troubleshoot , but it is working .
the app definitely uses less data than a browser , because it only loads the email 's contents , while the website loads a lot of stuff along with it . the app needs to download just the gmail content and some information about it ( sender , cc etc . ) . if you are worried about data limits , then go for the app . it is both faster and uses less data .
so i have managed to make it work by unchecking the option : " scale display to real size . " very strange . . .
the anonym with the vague answer is correct , just not nearly complete . for keyboard-less phones ( like my n1 ) , the trackball or trackpad can be used to scroll down the list of suggestions , and that will enter them into the text field for editing . for most phones with a hardware keyboard like your droid , use the d-pad next to the keyboard to select the suggestion for editing ( some of them still retain a trackball or trackpad ) . once you have the correct entry in the search box , tap it to continue editing . btw , i just discovered this , and it is going to make my life a lot easier .
if you root your droid and install cyanogenmod there is something called dsp manager included which seems to do what you want .
i went for swiftkey . still waiting for czech language dictionary though :- )
follow these steps , if the icon in ( 3 ) has a line through it then it will not store your location in your images . open the menu choose settings tap the location icon
to understand why nexus 7 can show more content than the galaxy nexus , i will first explain two concepts : screen density and density-independent-pixel . but before we go into technical details , it may be worth to clarify the design goals of using density-independent-pixels . the goal is to define a ui that is similar in dimension across devices , regardless of the screen size . so in this case the appearance of the menus is the same in the galaxy nexus and the tablet ( side by side should look very similar ) , but , as one has a bigger screen , more content can be shown . the designer selects an appearance that looks good for a certain size ( a 160 dpi screen is the base ) and this is " simulated " in this case in devices with higher dpi . screen density commonly referred to as dpi ( dots per inch ) . android groups all actual screen densities into four generalized densities : low ( 120 ) , medium ( 160 ) , high ( 240 ) , and extra high ( 320 ) . a device such as galaxy nexus has " extra high " screen density ( more specifically , the dpi value is set at 320 ) . the nexus 7 uses " tvdpi " - i.e. 213 dpi . density independent pixel commonly referred to as dp . this is the virtual pixel unit used when displaying content . the density-independent pixel is equivalent to one physical pixel on a 160 dpi screen . to calculate dp use the following formula : px = dp * (dpi / 160)  or equivalently : dp = (px / dpi) * 160  the reason nexus 7 can show more content than the galaxy nexus despite having similar resolutions is this : the dpi of nexus 7 is lower than galaxy nexus . galaxy nexus ( 320 dpi , 720 pixels wide ) (720 / 320) * 160 = 360 dp  nexus 7 ( 213 dpi , 800 pixels wide ) (800 / 213) * 160 = 600 dp  this means that when apps are rendering on the galaxy nexus , the width of the screen is actually 360 dp ( rendered using 720 pixels ) . whereas on the nexus 7 , the width of the screen is 600 dp ( rendered using 800 pixels ) . bonus if your galaxy nexus is rooted , you can use an app such as lcd density modder and change the dpi of your device to 240 . what you will get is something a lot closer to nexus 7 in a smaller package . on the left is a screenshot of the device at 240 dpi . you will notice we can see a lot more content when the dpi is lower . nothing to do with ppi the other answers mention ppi . the amount of content displayed has nothing to do with the ppi of a device . though commonly , vendors select the dpi that is closest to the ppi of the device . ( e . g . galaxy nexus has a ppi of 316 , but a dpi of 320 , where as nexus 7 has a ppi of 216 , but uses a 213 dpi ) . further reading http://developer.android.com/guide/practices/screens_support.html
i ended up figuring it out , but it took a lot of research and time . here 's what i did , probably not exactly like this since it took me a few tries to get right : root your phone . download the koush bootstrapper/loader and install it onto your phone , via their site or the android market . go to team defuse 's website to download the fission 2.2 zip file . put this on your sd card somewhere . boot into koush , apply the bootloader patch , and then reboot into the bootloader . clear cache/data , mount /data and /system , clear cache/data again , install update , select zip file on sd card , once that is done , clear cache/data again , and then reboot . you should then boot into a fresh install of " vanilla " froyo android . no apps . no settings . and best of all , no motoblur ! . . . i think i got all that right . if i missed something , let me know .
found the problem . it is not that picasa was not there as a share option , but rather it was not visible . there were too many items installed that offer this intent , and the gallery application does not have a scrollable menu . this is apparently a known bug and it is been there for quite a while so it does not look like it is going to get fixed either . i now use a different application for sharing to picasa .
this will not change the partition size of /system , but uses another approach : limit the data placed on that partition . so here 's what i did before flashing cm7.2 on my milestone²: download the file to flash . this is usually a .zip file ( otherwise , the following will not work ) open the .zip with your favorite archive manager ( alternatively : unpack to an empty folder ) look inside the /system/app folder of the .zip and remove apps you can live without ( make sure not to remove any app that is really needed by the system , like e.g. the launcher ) . this could e.g. be the calculator , livewallpapers , googleplus etc . copy those .apk files to a separate folder outside the .zip if unpacked to an empty folder , now zip it up again as you removed a lot/couple of apps from /system , flashing will require less space there , and no essential parts should be missing any longer . now if you still want to use e.g. googleplus , you can install it via the playstore ( which should place it below /data , so no prob ) or , if not found there , use the copy created in step 3 to install it manually ( for this , make sure install from other sources is enabled in your settings ) . if in doubt whether a file is really needed by the system itself , better leave it ( or at least ask first ) . but i am pretty sure you will find enough " easy removables " , so you will not need to touch those . before flashing , you could unpack the .zip to an empty folder and check the size of /system ( best : make a " before " and an " after " check ) . it should occupy less than 190mb ( better give it some additional safety margin , say " less than 180mb" ) for your action to complete successfully .
gmote will let you control your computer over wifi via your android phone . it basically treats it like a keyboard/mouse .
what are the bt yahoo ! mail settings for outgoing and incoming mail servers ? incoming mail ( pop3 ) server : mail . btinternet . com with port 110 outgoing mail ( smtp ) server : mail . btinternet . com with port 25 account name/login name : your email address ( including the "@btinternet.com" or "@btopenworld.com" part ) password : your bt yahoo ! password step-by-step online step-by-step instructions to help with your email setup .
the short answer is no , the baseband firmware is not for public usage ( read carefully , i am referring to the programmatic details of this , i.e. api 's ) the baseband radio is isolated and proprietary and does not " exist " outside the realm of android , rather , its using libraries which are closed source that interacts with the radio firmware . if you are curious to know exactly behind the scenes in how android works with the radio firmware , look at my answer on stackoverflow , it is technically orientated but will emphasize my previous paragraph . and also , for consideration , to be honest , there is a grey area involved in using the gsm frequencies for short band transmission like as in walkie talkies , and furthermore , those gsm frequencies are explicitly reserved for the usage of gsm network traffic , 900mhz , 1800mhz , 2100mhz . another aspect , you may have to acquire a license for this to be able to do so as far as laws are concerned within the jurisdiction of your country . - that i do not know ! edit : radio fm apps that receives radio broadcasts of music , news etc , that is a different story , that uses a fm transmitter which is a s-o-c ; this will vary depending on the chip-set used , so do not get that mixed up either with radio firmware as far as 2g/3g is concerned : ) disclaimer : i am not a legal expert , but if , and this is a big if this is possible , to do this - take heed and consult with your local laws .
this setting backs your data up to google 's magic cloud . it includes what apps you have installed , and some apps ' settings ( if they are written to take advantage of it ) which are restored when you first sign in to a new phone . relevant quote from the android 2.3 user guide , pg 18: you can choose to back up some of your data , such as your bookmarks , your user dictionary , your wi-fi passwords , and many other settings , to your google account , on google servers . some third-party applications may also take advantage of this feature . that way , when you need to replace your phone ( when you upgrade or replace a lost phone ) , or if you reinstall an application , you can restore your settings and other data . for information about changing this setting later , see “privacy settings” on page 370 . that setting controls apps ' ability to use this api , which includes google 's apps such as market .
the easiest and fastest way to move over pictures/albums from your phone to your computer is using a usb cable and connecting your device to your computer . if you have a windows pc , your device should automatically come up . if you have a mac . you will need to download a tool called android file transfer . i will provide you with the links below . anyways , it is really simple . like i said , if you have a windows pc . just connect the device , wait for drivers to load automatically and then open windows explorer : start > run > explorer and browse through the directories on your device , if your albums are stored locally on your phone and not an sd card . you pictures should be under : dcim\media\pictures this may be different depending on the device if you are on a mac . use the aforementioned application . simply download the app , install it , and plug-in your device . once the application recognizes your phone , you will be able to browse the phone 's directories . android file transfer
i do not know how to make the setting stick , but if you are using ics you can easily disable the samsung calendar app - so it will act as if it is uninstalled . you can disable it by clicking the disable button on the app settings page - just above the disable notifications checkbox . once this is done , reboot your device and it will act as if that app is no longer installed !
if you use the swype keyboard , holding the space key gives you a tab . smart keyboard pro also has tab , press ?123 twice for it . reference : http://androidforums.com/android-applications/151563-softkeyboard-tab-key.html
problem solved . i cleared the cache . to do this i restarted the phone into the bootloader by pressing and holding the power button and down volume key . i then selected recovery . from the next screen i selected wipe cache partition .
opensource iptableslog app does exactly that . the features are : real time log display hostname resolving per app view filters based on app name , hostname , port it needs root and busybox .
no , do not try to do this , or you will brick your device . shv-e160l and gt-n7000 have completely different processors ( qualcomm snapdragon apq8060 for shv-e160l , and samsung s5pc210 for gt-n7000 ) ; e.g. , see this comparison . there are some custom roms for shv-e160l in the xda-developers section for at and t samsung galaxy note i717 ( this device is closer to shv-e160l , but also not 100% compatible , so look carefully and use only roms which are made for shv-e160l ) .
i have installed the application " barcode scanner " from here https://market.android.com/details?id=com.google.zxing.client.android to install an application , i open the " barcode scanner " application and hold the phone up to the barcode . it scans and decodes it automatically and then gives me the option to " open brower " . i click on that and it eventually leads me to the android market when i am given the option to install the application .
well , i have wound up using alternativeto .netto specify alternatives to a specific browser , and limiting the results to android . it is not perfect , but it is actually very workable . it gives me a list that is fairly comprehensive , gives me an idea of user base numbers , and also includes enough at-a-glance information to help me a bit .
error "-18" ( see the previous-to-last line of your log ) is a typical app2sd error . trouble is , there were remains from a previous install left on the sdcard , and now the package manager cannot create a file with a name already existing . there are two possible approaches : if the app is already installed , and you are trying to update : move it back to " internal storage " ( e . g . via settings→apps , scroll to the app , open it is entry , and use the corresponding button ) . then try to update again . once succeeded , optionall move the app back to sdcard otherwise : attach the card to your pc using a card reader ( or , if you have root access , use a file-manager with root support , e.g. es file explorer ; without root , android will hide the folder you need to access ) . in the root of the card , you should find a folder named .android_secure ( note the leading dot ! ) . navigate into it . watch out for a file named smdl2tmp1.asec ( see the corresponding error message : Failed to create container smdl2tmp1 ) , and remove it . if you had used a cardreader attached to your pc : unmount the card safely , and put it back to your device . try installing the app again , it should work now . reading the log again , it looks like the cause was a little different here : executing /system/bin/newfs_msdos failed: No such file or directory is where the trouble starts . the system was unable to create a " handler " to deal with the fat file system on the sdcard , thus could not access it ( ASEC FAT format failed (I/O error) ) , and then could not deal with the " smdl2tmp1" container because of that . in short : it looks like there is a binary missing ( or it is there but lacks the appropriate permissions ) .
if you have a working cwm or 2e recovery you can flash darky 's with it just fine from a stock rom . if you have a lagfix , particularly the ext2 oclf , be sure to undo it first . ( it appears darky 's uses the voodoo ext4 lagfix , so no need to disable voodoo beforehand . see is the voodoo lagfix compatible with darky&#39 ; s rom ? ) note that your data will be wiped unless you are already using darky 's , as per the xda thread .
you need odin in order to install cwm without root ( or conversely , you need root to install cwm without odin ) . cwm does not root the phone . you do not need root for clockworkmod recovery , though you do need root for the rom manager app . edit : you can not install unsigned packages with the "3e " recovery , which was part of some official update packages ( most froyo ones and presumably all gingerbread ones ) . this prevents one from flashing a custom rom , kernel , modem , or recovery through the stock recovery ( since they are not signed by the manufacturer ) . the way to get around this is normally to use odin to flash a custom rom or kernel with a custom recovery . i am not sure if flashing a signed update to an older official rom , with the older recovery , would work ; it might say it is older than your current version and fail , or it might just work . i have never been able to try it , and i am familiar with odin anyways .
try using google search , works flawlesly on my magic to look for contacts in any way i like , you might need to update latest version from the market
i am pretty sure it is just that the app is buggy . push messages have never worked right for me either . the latest version of the facebook app ( released in the last week or two ) is better , but not perfect .
answering the question i have been searching for a solution to this issue since i have seen your question , probably when you have set a bounty . till now i have found tons of unhappy users complaining about the same issue , no pause/resume during a video record . i have read just about every first fifty results presented for every search that i came up with on google , been into google market , reference forums , etc . . . sigh ! the only answer that i have found relevant to be mentioned was provided by ryan conrad concerning this topic , for the same phone . ( no need for transcription to this answer ) since this is being requested a few years ( at least since 2011 that users are complaining at google forums ) , and since the functionality to pause while recording needs system support due to the api and hardware being used that must provide such capabilities , software developers cannot go around this . some devices may be capable of dealing with the pause/resume feature , but that is unclear . i believe that you will just have to wait until manufacturers and developers can not stand the voice of the unhappy user anymore , and improve this issue . the android api currently does not provide the pause method this is a bit technical , but was solicited on the comments . the public class mediarecorder , being used since api level 1 , does not has the capability to pause , as one can observe from the mediarecorder state diagram : when recording , the api allows us to either use the reset() or stop() public methods : reset() -> restarts the mediarecorder to its idle state . stop() -> stops recording .
you have a prety good tutorial right here : [ gt-i9070 ] [ root ] rooting your galaxy s advance without increasing the binary counter
personally i think that the easiest way ( apart from sliding right to left but thats not available on all phones ) to put the phone into silent mode is to hold down the power button for a short period , than select Silent mode .
the most frequently used site for downloading google 's proprietary bits is goo . im ( formerly goo-inside . me ) . however it can be a little confusing as it list all version so i recommend you check out this rootzwiki page as it list the recommended versions as well as the changelogs .
note that this is not guranteed to be the case with every update , and may vary from device to device . however , in every case i am familiar with , this has held true . ota/automatic updates ( and many but not all roms installed with a custom recovery ) will generally ignore anything inside the /sdcard/ directory . i keep everything in there and whenever i switch roms or update , that directory stays safe as long as whatever i am installing does not require a factory reset . devices with no physical sd card slot such as nexus , and kindle fires have treated that sort of as the default /home/user/ directory . downloads from chrome go to /sdcard/Download/ by default . music gets downloaded to /sdcard/Music/ etc . . . devices with a physical sd card slot seem to use that as the mount point for an inserted card . you can use it if you have a card inserted - otherwise , it is not available . some devices will be different . as izzy noted , the external sd card can have a different default mountpoint such as /sdcard/external_sd/ or something with /extSD/ . it could realistically be any point that the manufacturer or rom builder decides on . having said that , it is always a good idea to keep your data backed up . i have not had any emergencies , and my data in the directory has never been wiped when i was not expecting it , but it is always best to be safe .
in the new google maps app we finally have this feature . from this post on the official google blog : enhanced navigation : in addition to current traffic conditions , we’ve added two new features to help you navigate around traffic . you can now see reports of problems on the road that you can tap to see incident details . while on the road , google maps will also alert you if a better route becomes available and reroute you to your destination faster . this feature is available only on android and is coming soon to ios . from http://productforums.google.com/forum/#!msg/maps/hl8uxvgrmce/6pfnmzp8tiqj once you are in the " navigation " mode , you will see a status bar on the bottom that gives you an estimate of time remaining to your destination . the text of the time remaining changes color based on the traffic situation . the colors correspond to the former colored traffic light dot . if the words are red , that means there is some serious traffic on your route . yellow indicates areas of slowed traffic . green indicates that there are no anticipated delays .
not all rfid systems are compatible with nfc . nfc uses an rf frequency of 13.56 mhz ( so-called hf ) , but there are other common rfid systems that use frequencies in the range of 100-150 khz ( so-called lf ) or 860-960 mhz ( so-called uhf ) . your key may belong to an lf or uhf system . another possibility is that your key is part of an hf system , but uses a command set or an rf modulation scheme that is not compatible with nfc .
try the free os monitor by eolwral . you can see every physical or logical network interface with associated ipv4/6 and mac addresses as well as total rx ad tx . also has open connections and more , pretty awesome app for free if you ask me .
i think My Files does not allow you to create files . you could try a 3rd-party app like file expert though ; this app lets you create both files and folders .
samsung 's kies software only works with samsung phones running official samsung roms . the only way to get kies working with your phone would be to put an official samsung released os version onto it again .
there are several steps/things you can do before you do advanced troubleshooting . most of the problems can be solved following these steps . backup your data . backup your data first ( of course , if possible ) . you do not need to risk it . keep it somewhere else . it is better to have backups for personal data and app data separately . try rebooting your device . you can use your power key or a third party reboot app keep your device switched off for a while . make sure you remove your sim card ( and the battery and sd card as well , if they are detachable ) and wait about 30 minutes . try freeing some space . you must always have some free space . it is better to have more than 50mb free so that the apps can work smoothly . ( some say it should be 2% of total memory ) try re-installing apps . if you believe your problem is caused by a specific app , try uninstalling and re-installing that app . also you can try clearing the app cache . it will give you some more space . no hardware fixes . do not attempt to quick hardware fixes unless you have clear understanding of what you are doing . and keep in mind that you will lose your manufacturer 's warranty by doing such fixes . update your os . make sure that the relevant updates are compatible with your device , referring to your manufacturer 's website . if you are still in the problem , you can try searching help for your problem or contacting your manufacturer 's customer support personnel . remember to do this before you go to factory resets .
what sticks out to me is that your battery status says " not charging " instead of discharging . i feel like your phone may recognize that the charger is plugged in , but may have some error in the battery/phone itself . i feel like your phone may just be translating the charger power directly into the phone itself , and is not able to charge the battery . if this is the case , it is a hardware issue . sorry that there is not much you can do .
only by smb ( windows file sharing ) , another file sharing ( eg you can make on pc ftp server , etc ) , usb connection is always client-server and pc is server . unlimited access is possible only theoreticaly , if you manualy boot special os on pc ( any , what will not use disks to run ) and emulate android accessory protocol on pc ( no software available - need to create ) , what will handle your applications on phone and pc . . . fantastic scenario .
try pressing the power button for > 30 seconds . if it does not work , try to alternate power sources ( pc/laptop usb port , and ac adapter ) while repeating step #1 . still no go ? you may have to remove back cover and reconnect battery . warranty case . ( source )
hay it is a simple problem to encounter , go to settings reset the system do not forget to backup your important data before doing so .
on activation of a google account on your device , you will be asked whether you want to backup your data to the google cloud . while this must be explicitly supported by the apps to take effect for their data ( which only a few do ) , and thus will never be a complete data backup , many of your most private data will be affected here – amongst others your wifi aps including their ( plain text ! ) passwords , which even might lead to other issues beside privacy . but even if you answer this with " no " , your contacts , calendars , and more will be automatically sync'd with the google cloud without you being explicitly asked for . so here are some things you might want to consider . the list is definitly not complete , i certainly have missed some points ( and might add some lateron ) . " do you want to backup . . . " ( see above ) : this includes data of some apps which support it , a list of apps installed on the device – but also sensitive data such as configured wifi aps with their passwords in plain-text ( open issue #57560 ) in the sync settings of your google account , de-select what you do not want to sync . do this before entering any of your private data ( contacts , calendars , etc . ) , and remember you will have to re-do this after a factory-reset . side-effect : the less you sync , the less this can eat your data-plan . consider switching the default storage in your contacts/calendar/ . . . app from " google account " to " device " 1 android 4.4+: install an alternative sms app and make it the default one ( in settings→wifi you can chose which app to be used for sms ) to avoid your messages being mixed into hangouts . to be on the safe side , you can also disable sms support in hangouts . android 4.4+: install an alternative gallery app 2 to avoid your images being mixed with google+ ( looks like the separate gallery app will be gone soon as well ) . side-effect : again savings on your data-plan for not automatically syncing all your photos ( alternatively , photo sync/instant upload can also be turned off in g+ settings afaik ) . avoid services like google+ which are quite intrusive to privacy . if that is not an option for you , check their settings thoroughly , and opt-out from intrusives whereever possible . disable google maps and replace it by a good alternative . apps like the open-source osmand , oruxmaps , or locus map not only offer you much better offline capabilities , but also save your device 's juice by not constantly running in the background even without being explicitly started by you . if you followed all above suggestions , you now might as well think about disabling google now – it no longer can tell you it is "10 minutes to your parents " , or " you need to start to work earlier because of higher traffic " , as it does not know where ( or who ) your parents are , and where your work place is ( or what the traffic conditions are ) . and cannot give you advices like " buying this because your friends like it " . there are several more things you can do for your privacy , not being restricted to google 's services . if rooting is an option for you , things like xprivacy are definitly worth a look . a good starting point are our privacy tag-wiki and other questions tagged " privacy " . ps : turning wifi off when you do not need it ( with 4.3+ , remember there is also the " keep scanning for networks even if wifi is switched off " setting in settings→wifi→advanced to be considered ) could even protect you against being tracked by advertising trashcans . . . 1 there are alternative sync possibilities like owncloud , funambol , and others available 2 quickpic is a good candidate here
" alert " will cause a new window with the event details ( or a list of events with their info , if more than one ) to pop up on top of the active one and take focus when the reminder occurs . it also puts a notification icon in your status bar tray . the " status bar notification " setting causes the status bar icon to appear but does not automatically bring up the details dialog .
the android implementation of talk-to-text sends your voice to google 's servers , parses your speech into text , then sends the text string back to the handset . without access to the internet , it is unable to transmit your voice data to their servers .
found the answer via this site : http://www.grc.com/cookies/forensics.htm third-party cookies are accepted by the standard browser and also by firefox .
i would try editing extras\google\usb_driver\android_winusb.inf in the android sdk so that it recognizes your device . the file should have a section like this that you can extend : if you go into the windows device manager and view the properties for your device , you should see the id you need . for example , my vibrant says USB\VID_04E8&amp;PID_681C under device ids and has 3 entries with that and &amp;MI_00 , &amp;MI_02 , and &amp;MI_03 appended under bus relations . i would therefore add this to the . inf file : you should also reboot into the bootloader , recovery mode , etc . and see if that provides more ids . i know my vibrant installs new drivers the first time it is connected in each mode , so likely there are more entries needed . then just update the driver and select this . inf file . i think once you have done that then the usb mass storage drivers and so on will be auto-installed when you mount the device to the pc , but if not you could probably extend this process for that .
if your phone is rooted , it is possible to do this by modifying system files that govern the keyboard . a much easier ( and safer ) way would be installing a 3rd-party keyboard replacement app that has a french qwerty layout . out of keyboards i have personally used , i can recommend anysoftkeyboard with french language pack . it includes both azerty and qwerty ( french-canadian ) layouts .
not a complete answer , but some background information : your device can have more than 1 location provider , e.g. one based on gps and one based on which mobile phone towers it can see . android does not have a one single last known position . each location provider has its own last known position . a location has additional metrics , like accuracy , when it was recorded , what was recorded ( e . g . does it have an altitude component etc ) so it depends on which location provider the app uses and that can depend on or even change based on dynamic parameters . e.g. on start-up it could ask android for the fastest location provider to get going and then switch to the most accurate one to gradually get a better fix .
changing the starting day for mobile data is indeed non-obvious . you need to enable the mobile data connection ( 2g/3g ) before the options are available : enable mobile data . exit the data usage settings app . tap the spinner below the set mobile data limit checkbox . tap change cycle . . . . change date of each month ( i prefer the first day of the month , 1 ) hit set . undo mobile data if necessary ( e . g . if on wi-fi ) .
so far only honeycomb is a tablet-only version . other versions are used on phones , tablets and other devices ( tvs , android-x86 etc . ) .
download the song and use something like audacity to edit it . save to your ringtones directory on your phone . nothing else out of the ordinary needs to be done .
what abaout http://www.appbrain.com/app/andar-model-viewer/edu.dhbw.andarmodelviewer also http://www.appbrain.com/app/model-loader-3d-lite/com.okean.modelloader3dlite this was let me appbrain search for you http://www.appbrain.com/search?q=3d+model
unfortunately to this moment google not provide such feature to list all our reviews and ratings from google play . but there is method to search all of ours reviews by typing to google . com phrase : inurl:https://play.google.com/store/apps/details +"John Doe"  where john doe is our name we use in google+ , but of course this name should be unique .
well , now you can remove the unwanted apps from your market website as well as from the market history . all you have to do is delete from your all apps list . goto your play store app and select My Apps then swipe the screen to your left to see the ALL apps list . just click the crossed circle icon ( pointed with the green arrow ) to remove the desired app . make sure you have uninstalled the app before removing . you can uninstall the apps directly from the all apps list as well . note : it seems that this list only contains market installed apps . ( i.e. . apps other than user installed .apk apps )
tap the gesture button to bring gesture drawing screen . on this screen , you can find a gear icon in bottom-right corner . tap it and you will find 1st option on next screen for changing position .
you are right . sleep mode is something from motorola , not from android . so , cyanogenmod ( based on the stock rom ) does not have this option . it has several other options , and you just need to find something close to it . you could try airplane mode , which turns off all connections ( wifi , bluetooth , cellular , nfc , etc . . )
it is a bug with openvpn connect , apparently : you are absolutely right -- server-pushed keepalive parameters ( ping , ping-restart ) are being ignored in 1.1.12 and earlier . will be fixed in next release . thanks , james by using openvpn for android ( alternative ) , i can connect properly .
this is due to the fact that by default non google-play applications are blocked by default in android , as a security measure . to allow these to be installed go to ( this may vary in wording across android versions ) Settings &gt; Security &gt; Unknown Sources this allows things to be installed that are not form the known ( google play store ) source . you can , in later versions , set only the inital install to process or allow any further ones to install . in android it is similar to this ( slight variety in different versions ) on the kindle it is slightly different :
yes a few parts of the rom are region-specific like support for local fonts in that region , apps that come pre-installed based on region like flipkart app in india . and few more things . even sometimes the rom are in local languages instead of english .
you should probably use the imei . the imei ends with a checksum , whereas imei sv ends with a software version number which should not be relevant .
i would say it is expected behavior . i mean , the big " delete " button in the gmail web app tosses the whole conversation to the dust bin . you have to dig a little deeper on the individual message to delete it out of the conversation . ( also , unlike the web app there is no option to view individual messages like a classical e-mail client . ) by the way , have you downloaded the latest gmail app from the market ? there are quite a number of significant improvements over the stock app .
the apk file is also generated in the bin folder of the project after running the app at least once . i have copied the apk file from the bin folder and installed it successfully on three different phones without any problem both copying directly on phone memory or sending it via email .
see my answer to a similar question - the problem is that within the bluetooth ad2p profile ( for stereo quality audio ) android phones are not designed to be a " sink " ( a receiver of media ) only a source . you are right in that this is a limitation of the bluetooth stack on your phone , but so far the info i have found says that trying to alter the stack comes with moderate amounts of pain and compromise . perhaps you are more adventurous than i ?
i updated my phone to motorola system version 2.3.340 and it took care of this issue . steps to update : press the menu button from the home screen . touch `settings` touch `about phone` touch `system updates`
those " analyze board " links are coded to open a popup window using javascript . your desktop browser ( using an extension ) is overriding this default behaviour it would seem , in order to open in a new tab instead . those links are not programmed in a particularly accessible way unfortunately - if you do not have javascript enabled you get nothing . under google chrome on the desktop for instance i cannot avoid opening a popup window , it simply does not work if i choose to open the link in a new tab ( i get a blank page ) . having said that , using the default browser on android 4.0 , does open a new tab when those links are clicked - i do not get a floating popup window . i would have said that the problem is a combination of the website ( not being accessible ) and of the default browser on your mobile that is unfortunately unable to deal with this situation . can popup windows be controlled in the browser settings ? in some cases you could disable javascript on the mobile to get around this , but on this website if you did that you would get nothing ! edit : you mention that you do not have much room on your device to install an additional ( full blown ) browser . have you considered perhaps opera mini ( 858kb ) or dolphin mini ( 1,014kb ) - these have a reduced storage footprint .
i went against the original clause in my question and used image shrink lite .
i recommend trying to toggle with your volume button up or down to when the screen shows " recovery " in red . press the power button once again for selection , your screen would go black and reboot . see this post for more info . hope that helps . good luck .
when unofficially modifying your phone , nothing is safe . . . but if others say it worked , give it a shot . just keep in mind that anything can go wrong , so back up your data and have a plan b for recovering your system . edit : plan b ( how to recover your phone ) : recovery software : http://www.archos.com/faq/index.php?action=artikelcat=120id=301 stock rom : http://update.archos.com/afmv1/storage//files/full/a40ti/20130922.101129/ota972121_8916_v007049.zip
right-click on that " samsung_android " and select Uninstall . then make sure the Delete the driver... option is checked , and click the OK button . this should clear out the old drivers from the system . now unplug the phone and try uninstalling and re-installing kies . reboot the pc and try plugging the phone in again . if you are on windows 7 64-bit , you may be able to bypass kies software by installing this driver ( remove the " samsung_android " from device manager again before installing the driver . )
changing the network connection from dhcp to a static ip address has resulted in connection stability . ( i can not reclaim my own bounty , and it would be a shame for all that rep to simply disappear , so , someone can still claim it by providing an answer that is informative and helpful in some other regard . ideally a solution that does not require using static ip , but also maybe information on why dhcp is unreliable , or even just alternate workarounds that are equally effective . or something else entirely . )
i have used dolphin hd for some time now , but every time i try to compare its features with dolphin mini i get frustrated , there is no clear documentation everywhere . that said , dolphin mini is a version of the browser that is optimized for velocity and reduced resources use , so i came to the conclusion that dolphin hd is the right path to go if you have a terminal with decent resources ( 700mhz o more powerfull processor , 512mb of ram or more , 800x400 resolution , etc . . . . ) while the mini version is here to that ones that do not have this kind of terminals or that prefer a more faster browser even at the cost of missing some features . so with the two versions being free i choose dolphin hd if the terminal is powerfull enough to allow you to maintain 3 or more tabs open an user flash .
if you have a rooted phone which i assume you do since you are on cm6 , see this post detailing how to change the font of the clock on the lock screen . basically you need to replace clocktopia . ttf in the /system/fonts folder with your desired ttf font ( remember to rename new font as clocktopia . ttf ) and reset permissions to be similar to the old file . if you are willing to use widgetlocker , there is the freeware make your clock widget beta - that will , as the name suggests , allow a user to customise and create a clock widget as per your taste . you can then use this custom created widget in conjunction with widgetlocker .
a possible solution is to reset all the defaults : Settings &gt; Apps &gt; Menu &gt; Restore App preferences (or something, I have a Dutch version installed) 
if you are rooted , use titanium backup . you will not be able to restore some things , since the nexus one and htc magic have some very different system apps , but most should carry over . after backing up with tb , copy /mnt/sdcard/titaniumbackup/ to your pc . then on the n1: install tb , copy the folder from your pc to the same location on the phone , then run tb and restore . if you are not rooted , it is difficult to back up most things , especially all at once . i would rely on google 's backup for your list of apps and that sort of thing , as the other answer suggests .
if the developer keeps releasing updates to the app as the same packagename and you already purchased the application previously , then should receive updates for the application for free . e.g. if you went and purchased my app then you should get updates so long as i keep updating this specific packagename of the app : net.mandaria.cardashboardpro however , i could at some point in the future decide that i want more money for the application and release a newer version of the application under a new packagename : net.mandaria.cardashboarddeluxe you would not get a free update to this app , even if it is technically the same application , i have chosen to release it as a separate app in the eyes of the android market ( which determines two applications to be different solely by their package name ) . however , i could still charge you for more money by including ( optional ? ) in-app purchases or subscriptions that did not previously exist without changing the package name . carrying the same example , i could still use net.mandaria.cardashboardpro but have an in-app purchase for the " deluxe " features . most developers will not do these things to users who have already purchased their application , but it is not impossible . once such example of a developer trying to charge for a newer version of his application was psx4droid . the backlash was so vicious from his users that he went back and updated the older ( version 1 ) of his app to the newer version ( version 2 ) . he now has to maintain three versions because of this ( version 1 and 2 , plus a free version ) instead of two . talk about a developer headache . so ultimately it depends on what the developer decides to do . in the majority of cases , the developer will keep supporting the same app and you receive the latest updates for free after your purchase .
my phone will not sync if i have low space warning in my notification bar . i have cleared out the data of a bunch of apps which were hogging my internal memory and as soon as i had cleared the low space warning my phone sync'd !
just kill the apn connection settings . somewhere under settings . and there is actually a switch for mobile internet . disable that as well . worked like a charm for me . if you can not find it , add the power savings widget to your home screen , it has that option
free space here you must distinguish between the several partitions : /system: this is mounted read-only in normal mode , and the place where " the system " is installed ( android core apps plus most of the pre-installed " bloatware" ) . no matter if it shows "220 mb available " , as a normal user cannot make any use of that " free space " internal storage ( /data ) : this is where the user installs his apps , and where all the user data reside . most crucial part , and the place where your report states "11 mb free " -- which most likely will trigger the " insufficient memory " error , see insufficient-memory ) . to free up space here , you can do things like . . . uninstall apps you once installed but no longer need ( most efficient part ) move apps to sdcard ( see app2sd ) . apps must explicitly support this ( though there are root-methods to enforce the others , it might have side-effects ) . still , parts of those apps will remain here -- unless using things like link2sd . cleanup cache ( only temporarily helps , as cache will fillup again ) internal sdcard : some devices ( not all ) offer this as additional storage . app2sd may move apps to this place . aside from that , you can store files here ( documents , media files , etc . ) external sdcard : no need to explain this one , right ? unless you really know what you are doing , you should not manually change the partitioning ( e . g . to move some free space from /system to /data ) . you might break things , especially future updates ( where the android system may need more space than it currently does ) . sdcard just a short note on that . while one should no longer " save money " buying anything below class-4 , additional money for class-10 might be " wasted " . my recommendation is to go for class-6 as the best compromise between speed and spent money . compare the specs for read speed and write speed between class-6 and class-10 when in doubt . if you still want to go for class-10 , make sure your device supports it . swap controversely discussed nowadays . depends very much on how much ( physical ) ram you have available in your device , and what kind of apps you use . i tend to say with recent hardware and a recent android version ( 2.3 and higher ) there is no need to go for swap . the android system does a good job on handling memory , and if your device has 1 gb ( or more ) ram available , i do not see where swap would improve performance . but as said , that also might depend on what apps you are using . also for your question concerning swapper : keep in mind that swap only creates " temporary data " . so with " swap broken " , you could simply de-activate it without losing data ( as it holds no permanent data ) . partitioning as said above , i do not recommend to touch this yourself unless you are really experienced with it . rather leave it to the " experts " . especially i would never make the /system partition smaller , for given reasons : you might encounter problems with future updates -- not only with newer android versions , but also with different roms , as different roms also go with different selections of pre-installed apps . file system types i cannot imagine any tutorial recommending fat32 for /data -- you must have misread that . i even doubt fat32 would work here , as it imho does not allow for the unix permissions to be supported and required by /data . however , fat32 is recommended for the " data part " of the sdcard , for compatibility reasons : it is the file system readable by most operating systems . the " app partition " usually is /data , and many roms use ext4 here ( some older ones might still use yaffs2 instead ) . but coming to that point , i am pretty sure you misunderstood the " targets " -- and " app partition " versus " data partition " is referring to the sdcard , which brings us to the last point of your question : partitioning the sdcard this is usually not required but optional , and makes only sense in combination with either app2sd+ or link2sd to move apps out of the " internal storage " ( see above ) to gain free space in that most crucial place . it might need a little additional information : some apps support app2sd to move larger parts to the sdcard . however , with usb mass storage ( ums ) , when you connect your device via usb to a computer the entire sdcard would be " moved " there , and apps as well as data residing on it become " inaccessible " to the device itself . this is one of the reasons some apps will not support app2sd -- especially when providing widgets and/or services . several approaches exist to circumvent this problem : app2sd+ / link2sd use a second partition on the sdcard . android would only " give away " the first partition of the sdcard via ums , so this second partition remains untouched , and its data/apps/ . . . stay available to the device switching away from ums and using mtp ( media transfer protocol ) instead , the card is no longer offered to the pc " as a whole " ( i.e. . including physical access ) , but in a logical way the computer is permitted to access files on it . so even while mounted via mtp , the device has full access to the card . this is what recent android versions do -- though some users might have a hard time to get it working with their os 's where it is not always supported " out-of-the-box " . conclusion : if you want to stay with ums , a second partition on your sdcard might prove useful . switching to mtp instead , there is no need for that anymore , unless you want to use app2sd+/link2sd for other reasons ( e . g . not only move the apps , but also their data/dalvik cache ) .
while dpkg --add-architecture i386 command is not needed in the current version of ubuntu ( 13.10 ) , it is required in the current debian versions ( 7 . x ) and it will be required in the future ubuntu versions as well . so i am going to leave it in . just ignore it for ubuntu 13.10 . sudo dpkg --add-architecture i386 sudo apt-get -qqy update sudo apt-get -qqy install libncurses5:i386 libstdc++6:i386 zlib1g:i386  update : aapt indeed requires zlib so i added it to the list . but you should not be needing any lib32 packages .
i just did this ! /data/property/persist.sys.dalvik.vm.lib is a textfile containing one of two values : ' libart . so ' or ' libdvm . so ' . you can change from art to dalvik simply by editing this file . ex : adb shell ' echo libdvm . so > /data/property/persist . sys . dalvik . vm . lib '
there is a way to sync reminders to your android device described on cnet . the solution consists of two apps , smoothsync for cloud calendar and tasks . with this combination , you will have a separate reminder-style app that syncs with your icloud account . first buy and install smoothsync and add your icloud account to it . after this , install tasks and wait a couple of minutes for the sync to happen , and after this the setup is complete and ready to use .
if you touch an individual item in the call log , and press the menu ( vertical ellipsis ) you will see a " clear from call log " option .
shark/sharkreader in market ( tcpdump frontend )
assuming you upgraded your galaxy 5 to android 2.2 , you can do the following : to sync and see calendars from both accounts : a . if you already added your other gmail account , skip to step c . b . add your second gmail account under Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Accounts &amp; sync -&gt; Add account -&gt; Google and follow directions there . c . tap on the newly added account and make sure the " sync calendar " option is selected and exit out of settings . d . open up the calendar app and go to Menu -&gt; More -&gt; Calendars expand the newly added google account , which should show you all of its available calendars . keep tapping the button to the right of each calendar until both icons are enabled , and the text under the account name reads " synced , visible " , and tap the ok button . e . you should now be able to view the second calendar 's entries in the calendar app ( or any app that accesses google calendars . ) any events you create on your phone via the calendar app and assign to a gmail account will automatically sync to your online gmail account . instructions for sharing your google calendar with a friend can be found here .
beware : the instructions are for clean installing an os . that means all your data will be permanently lost . if your phone was previously rooted it will be brought back to an unrooted state ( whether you want it or not ) . please , remember to make backups of any important data on your phone . it will be lost . 1 . turning on usb debuging turn on usb debugging on your device : go to system settings / developer options and check " usb debugging " . 2 . fastboot you will need the fastboot tool . it is an official google command line tool intended for developers . you can follow the official instructions for installing the tool , but they are pretty complicated . if you are on mac os x or linux you should probably do what i have done and use the adb-fastboot-install open source tool . just download it , unzip it and use one of the following command line instructions ( depending on your operating system ) : sh ADB-Install-Mac.sh  or sh ADB-Install-Linux.sh  obviously while doing that you need to be inside the directory containing those files . there are plenty of instructions on how to install fastboot on windows ( for example this one ) . see also user17512 's answer for an alternative method for windows users . 3 . going to device 's fastboot mode you need to connect the device to your computer using a usb cable and then access your device 's fastboot mode : on nexus s : turn off your phone . press and hold volume up , then press and hold power . on galaxy nexus , nexus 5 and nexus 10 : turn off your phone . press and hold both volume up and volume down , then press and hold power . on nexus 4 and nexus 7 : turn off your device . press and hold volume down , then press and hold power . 4 . unlocking the bootloader execute the following command on your computer : fastboot oem unlock  note : this step will remove all your data from the device . 5 . downloading the factory image download the factory image for your particular device and your desired android version directly from google . 6 . installing the system unpack the archive ( if you are on windows you will probably need to download additional software for unpacking . tar . gz files . 7-zip will do the job . mac and linux users have all the required software installed already ) . go inside the newly unarchived directory and execute the following command : ./flash-all.sh  note : this will wipe all data from your device after some time your device should reboot and boot to your newly installed operating system : ) 7 . relocking your bootloader this step is not strictly necessary , but it is a good idea for security reasons . reboot to the fastboot mode again ( see step 2 above ) and execute the following command on your computer : fastboot oem lock  this worked great for me , i hope it will be helpful to other people : )
from the reviews on that app , it sounds like they are doing part of it in their app , and part of it by sending you to the website . this may well be two separate authentications . the official google docs app is now part of google drive , have you tried that to see if it works more how you had want ? it does not ask me for any authentication when i use it .
probably the easiest way is to use x-parts ( formerly known as cwm installer ) .
yes you need to unlock the bootloader to flash the factory image . yes it will void your warranty but you can lock your bootloader again and reset the tamper flag to get the warranty back no unlocking bootloader is not rooting . here is the useful link . unlocking bootloader flashing factory image
if i got your question correctly then yes yout art environment should not be changed . the script will run at flashing time will wipe dalvik cache and cache itself and will not touch your personal settings . so you are safe to flash the nightly as a dirty flash . however i have not flashed any latest aosp kk based rom but it should follow the same procedures as all custom rom does . i flashed many time dirty flash on my current device which is running on stock based custom rom and have no problem at all . i will suggest you to make a nandroid and make a dirty flash afterwards so if anything goes wrong you can restore your backup and start from scratch .
how much more /data space does ics need in comparison to gb ? easy answer : the same . 3rd party installed apps need as much storage on both gb and ics and maybe ics ' internal apps need a little more storage , but that is negligible . most often it is just the user apps that grow bigger and bigger by time ( with bigger devices . it is the same with bloated websites as connection speeds grow ) . i have installed ics on all of my current devices and can say that it is not a big difference . i typically need 400-800mb with some games ( maxpayne , gta3 , etc . ) and consider myself a medium-to-power user ( with number of apps installed ) . so i guess , you need around 80-100mb for the minimal stuff ( maybe less ) and on top of this all that you want to install . i think the comfort zone starts at 250mb if you move apps to the sdcard and 500-750mb if you will not .
if you go to settings -> storage , then hit the menu button , you will find an item called usb computer connection . here you can set usb settings .
i ran across this by accident , but it is exactly what i was after ! hope it helps others . https://market.android.com/account and the orders tab
there are several versions uploaded to the play store . i cannot personally attest to the safety or nature of them , but they generally all claim to be " pulled from the sdk " or similar . one exception is that i do recall trying the one named " android 2.3 launcher ( home ) " briefly in the past and it worked fine and was not doing anything shady ( it is review average is ~4.2 stars at the moment ) .
first , in the facebook app , under its settings , enable synchronization for all contacts . open up your contact list and select the google contact you would like to merge . then push the menu button and select " edit contact " . then hit the menu button one more time and select " join " . choose which contact you would like to merge it with and you should be good to go .
that feature does not exist , the only thing i could suggest is to submit a feature request on the android issues tracker .
the cookies , for the default android browser , are stored in /data/data/com . android . browser/databases/webview . db . the problem is that other applications , for security reasons , do not have access to files that do not belong to them , like the database file . in order for what you are asking to be possible , the browser application would have to implement this functionality .
i have a htc desire , but i am assuming the menus/behaviour should be similar : settings -> language and keyboard -> touch input -> international keyboard select the languages you want to use . that should restrict the keyboard list to the ones you have specified .
i suspect that the ' battery saving software ' might have caused the issues . did you experience these issues before installing the app ? there is a couple of ways which might help restore original settings : a factory reset might set it right . alternatively if you have a backup of your original firmware you might want to try reflashing your phone after backing up all data . ps : the name of the app you were using might help out .
alright , i went through the sourcecode and the answer is surprisingly obvious : yes , this can often be muted by simply using the volume keys while using the app or adjusting the volume of the media audio channel in the preferences . the media volume is used , regardless if the device is in normal , silent or vibrate mode . but it depends on where you bought your device if this works ( i guess ) , some devices enforce audio over a channel that can not be muted . more ( technical ) details : the camera app checks the device configuration ( system property ro.camera.sound.forced ) whether it should play the camera sounds over a system-enforced audio channel that can not be muted . if this setting is off , it uses the media and music channel instead . in case that it uses the music channel , it ignores when the device is in silent mode though . this might be a bug/small oversight by the authors . this is why you have to adjust the channel volume instead . i guess the property mentioned above is set depending on where you buy your device , since the sound is required by law in some places/countries as explained by eldarerathis in the comments .
as far as i know , this should in no affect your app 's rating . this is something i do myself constantly with testing of my own apps . the only thing that will ultimately affect your rating are the number of stars your users give you . yes , you can rate your own app , but you can only do it once . uninstalling/re-installing should not change your own rating to your own app either .
i have used this app in the past to edit my tags audiotaggerfree
i will try to answer my own question here . the short answer is : get a rom that just works ! ( no , not a room , a rom ! get a rom ! ) here is the same screenshot image of the SD &amp; phone storage menu , this time with a rom called supernova . you can find an installation guide here . as you can see from the image i now have 1.86 gb of internal storage space . no additional apps have been installed yet , except for some apps that came with the rom , and the stock htc apps that came with the phone . how-to you will need root and s-off before you continue . it is also possible to install this rom with s-on , but it will require some additional steps , for more details see the developers website . you will also need a custom recovery like clock work mod ( cwm ) or 4ext recovery . the latter is recommended . you will also need to flash stock hboot , if you do not have that already . you will find the stock hboot on alpharev website . go to the download page of developers website . download " supernova 2.4.0.1 extreme rom " . you will see at least three mirror download links . here 's one direct link to dev-host . power off the phone . enter hboot on the phone . enter recovery ( i used 4ext touch recovery ) . format and partition the sd card with one ext4 partition and one fat32 . power off the phone and take out the sd card . mount your sd card to the computer . copy the supernova_2.4.0.1_signed . zip file to the sd card . put the sd card in the phone . enter recovery and choose " update from zip " . select the file above . this will now flash the new rom . reboot the phone . first boot will take longer time than usual . when you get to the setup wizard , skip setting up a google account . reboot the phone . you will see a blue led go and off . this means data2sd is loaded and working . now you can setup your google account and wi-fi , and what not . remember , complete installation instructions can be found here . that web page can be overwhelming , especially for newbies , which is why i tried to put it in a more condensed form here . if you run into the " download was unsuccessful please try again " message when downloading apps , this means that the app you are trying to download is too big and the android market cache is too small . this problem is covered in the faq at developers website , it is question 28 . the suggested workaround involves using scriptmanager app and a script , and this must be done every time you reboot . but i have found that installing the latest version of play store ( replacement for android market ) manually solves the problem permanently . here 's a short how-to on that too . download the apk file for play store . connect the phone to the computer . if prompted , choose to mount as disk drive . copy the apk file to the sd card . disconnect the phone . go to menu , settings , applications , and enable unknown sources . start a file manager app ( i used es file explorer , but astro is good too ) . browse to the file ( /mnt/sdcard/ ) and tap it to open . you will be prompted if you want to replace a system app . tap ok to continue .
do you find any lag when opening applications or does it slow down when multitasking ? if no is your answer then it is a very normal behaviour . my phone has 1 gb of ram but more than 600 mb is always occupied and it does not lag anytime . you can read about ram management in android in so many developer forums if you had like to .
nova launcher apex launcher trebuchet ( cm9 's official launcher ) as far as i know , you must install all of these to /system ( which requires root ) in order to have widgets appear in the app drawer , and trebuchet does not support being installed to /data at all .
i would recommend installing installing " mybackup pro " from android market and backup everything to the sd card or internet , via 3g ( or similar ) . then i would do a hard reset of the phone . i guess it would be something like : settings -> privacy -> factory data reset . if this doesnt work , i would reinstall to a standard rom with the usb cable connected to a computer . if it still doesnt work with a standard rom , there might be a hardware problem . if the standard rom works , you can try to install the newest version of cyanogenmod .
the gmail app already appears to do this on a per-account basis . simply open an account , then navigate to (Menu button)-&gt;More-&gt;Settings-&gt;Select Ringtone . this works fine on my version ( 2.3.4.1 ) and allows me to set a different ringtone for each account . you can also use this to cause some accounts to provide vibrate/audible notifications while others do not . for example , my work account is set to vibrate " for all notifications " , but my other accounts have their vibration set to " never " .
it is a problem with your router . after android successfully connects to a wi-fi network , it tests to see if it can use this network to access the internet . this is because it is commonplace for wi-fi networks to redirect all requests to some kind of login page , until you have logged in . the " sign-in to wi-fi network " notification is nothing to do with authenticating to the network itself : it appears when android detects that the network is redirecting requests . given that you have said any page brings up this 404 error page from your router , that fits perfectly with the fact you are getting the notification . the fact that the router will not give you pages from the internet is the root problem : it is nothing to do with wpa or anything like that . does the 404 page tell you anything helpful ? perhaps the router is set up with a list of devices ( by mac address ) , and the new device is not on the list so the router will not give it internet access .
try bluetooth tethering instead . benefits : consumes less power , you can leave bluetooth enabled 24/7 . works out of the box . drawback : bt 2.1 may cap your maximum umts speed ( usually not an issue on the go ) . there are two profiles for this to tether via bluetooth : bluetooth pan : supported by android 3.0+ out of the box . see wikipedia entry for more info on pan profile . bluetooth dun : needs 3rd party app like bluevpn ( ics version here ) . see wikipedia entry for more info on dun profile . stock android 3.0+ and custom roms like cm should support bluetooth pan . your nokia e71 supports only dun profile ( archos users can enjoy added dun support out of the box however ) .
that recommendation from the seller was true for old batteries , and it seems they still keep saying that to customers ! nowadays , batteries are often Lithium-Ion or Lithium-Polymer and such batteries ( as i have read many times and based on my own experience ) would be stronger if you charge them often . the first time charging and " wait-until-full-discharge-before-recharge " and " do not-use-when-charging " are not applicable to these modern batteries . li-ion and li-polymer batteries , if charged often , after about 1 month , would reach to their maximum performance , and you are recommended to charge them every time you find an outlet ! in stock help application of my sony android device , in a section about battery life , it reads : charge your phone often , this will not affect the lifespan of the battery .
the specs for the device state it does not have gps . gps : no google maps is using ' best location source ' for you which is network / wifi signal on your device . if you have all of them turned on it will revert to the most accureate one it can find , which are in the order Network &gt; WiFi &gt; GPS generally . basically google maps is not using gps for you , it just is not giving you an error message . the prestigio site does not mention gps at all . this link is not in english but mentions no gps in several reviews . e.g. trocha ma štve gps , ktorý telefon nema it annoys me the phone has no gps . another quick translate turned this up : i was disappointed inability to run the gps . neither the manufacturer 's website is not clearly stated whether the gps is present or not . due to the navigation application on the phone , i assumed that it will run . unfortunately , the opposite is true . i would therefore asked how the gps is really whether it is hardware gps device in the phone is present and could be a problem installing the software and possibly what . thank you
applanet is that rather shady-looking place that claims to let users download and install ' thousands of free and paid apps ' for free . since the original authors of the apps have little say in whether their app appears on the site , i think it is fair to say that all bets are off when it comes to the apps ' integrity . also bear in mind that it is recently been proved entirely possible to download malware from the official market ( google blog entry ) . so , in summary : impossible to say , and , yes .
if you are just talking about files , i would take a look into ftpsyncx or foldersync . i can only talk for ftpsyncx , as i am using it myself -- but most of the following should be valid for both apps : you can setup directory pairs ( one on your device matching another on your pc ) , and have them sync bidirectionally or unidirectionally . you can configure the sync interval : globally , per server , or even per directory-pair . you can even tell it to only sync when you are in your home wifi , or only when you request it ( via widgets , from within the app , or even event-based controlled by tasker . if this answer did not catch your intention , feel free to comment , ask , or update your question : )
this is a known bug in android ( even in certain eclair systems ) . there is a widget called headset blocker that when added to any of your homescreens and activated prevents the music player from playing whenever you unplug your headest . freeware and it works . see if it helps .
a good resource on questions like this is the tasker userguide ( link goes to the " actions " page here ) . quoting : menu show a selection dialog and perform a different action depending on which item the user selects . sounds like exactly matching your purpose , though i have not tried it . you can even specify a default action , which then would be executed on timeout as well ( i.e. . when you did not notice the menu " in time" ) . the menu element belongs to tasker scenes . please refer to the userguide index and check the " scene " section for closer information , if needed . you should be able to combine ( or wrap ) this with an if statement in case you only want to be asked on a given condition like " display on " .
mru is right about the android and me news widget . based on the dock at the bottom i would also say mru 's right about that being the sense ui as well , which means the clock and weather widget is stock , but you can replicate it with these : weather forecast and clock widget beautiful widgets i have the fancy widget but it is no longer available because htc thought it looked too much like their widget ( you could probably find the apk out there somewhere ) the battery widget is called . . . battery widget . also , you may be able to get those sense icons by using the sense ui icons app for pandahome . the wallpaper is his own formated for a g1/hero ( 640x480 ) . more on sizing wallpapers for specific android phones .
you can get this functionality with these launchers : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.sudomakemeanapp.sudoquicklaunch http://www.droid-life.com/2013/01/23/lmt-launcher-brings-pie-goodness-without-the-custom-rom/
i think i did it . i tried to delete the folder /storage/sdcard0/android/data/com . google . earth but even with root/su i was unable to . so i renamed it and it was renammed successfully . next time i opened the app it worked . but i still have a folder of 13mb that i can not delete . suggestions ? update : i found this that suggests : i see in mount points something that gets my attention /dev/fuse on /storage/sdcard0 type fuse (rw,nosuid,nodev,relatime,user_id=1023,group_id=1023,default_permissions,allow_other)  here you can see that /data/media is mounted with specific user and group id . i discover by executing ps and id commands that 1023 id belongs to media_rw user with wich the /data/media folder is mounted . i think login as media_rw user should do the trick but what i did in order to delete the folders was : login as root ( unnecesary if connected via ssh with sshdroid ) su mount /system with write permissions mount -o rw,remount -t ext4 /dev/block/mmcblk0p9 /system run sdcard command again ( as root ) /system/bin/sdcard /data/media 1023 1023 go to /data/media and delete the unwanted folders ( let 's say they are called . trash y . garbage ) rm -rf .trash .garbage mount /system with read only permissions again ( for security reasons ) mount -o ro,remount -t ext4 /dev/block/mmcblk0p9 /system check that the folders does not exists ls -lsa /data/media/ the output must be something like this ( no . trash or . garbage folders in here ) this may solve other problems like this .
install sip user agents on both phones and pc . you can use sipdroid or csipsimple for android and a softphone program like x-lite on the pc . note that you need to set up local accounts when configuring the software . you can then call other parties on the local network directly by their ip:port . if you do not want that , you need to install a full blown voip proxy like asterisk .
file expert app can do this using both http and ftp .
you basically answered the question . a widget is a ' view ' on an application that will update and can be embedded in apps like the home screen . a ' program ' in the home screen sense is a static link to an full-screen application startup . see the first para of the android developer docs for more details about what a widget is : http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/appwidgets/index.html
the sony liveview may fit the bill .
the cyanogenmod wiki has some info on this . basically , their old version of apps2sd ( now called apps2ext ) required an ext partition on the sd card . their current version does not require partitioning , it is just a matter of overriding the preference of the app and moving it to the sd card anyways . since froydvillain is based on cm6 , you do not need to format your sd card ; cm6+ uses the new apps2sd , not apps2ext .
the beyondpod podcast player will download new podcasts directly to your device , on a schedule . for example , i have it run every morning to look for new podcasts . and , it can be configured to " share podcasts " with the default android music player . i have never used the share-with-default-player feature , so i can not really comment on how well that works in practice . but the basic podcast management and download features have all worked nicely for me .
go to Settings -&gt; Date and Time and ensure your time zone is properly set . this should be enough , but you can also check Automatic or Use network time or similar to ensure it picks up the proper time .
thanks you all for your answers , i have no idea what happen but yesterday i updated like 15 apps and now the icon is gone . i dont know which app made that happens but the good news is that its gone : ) just fyi it did not act like a regular app icon , it did not gave the option to see " app info " or " remove " it was staying in all the screens no just in one . and when it was press it opened a search that when was press to search was searching on google . any way , thank you very much greetings iair
google talk is available for most android versions , and in fact is pre-installed on all google-authorised android devices that have the android market and gmail installed ( because both of those apps rely on talk to do their authentication and communication ) . it may just be called " talk " on your device rather than " google talk " or " gtalk " . if you are talking about google voice , then that app is available to all devices using android 1.6 and higher , but you can currently only use the service within the us . skype use is blocked by some phone networks , but is generally available otherwise if you are outside the us , see this previous answer for some of the options .
this menu button is a backwards compatibility feature . it is displayed on all apps that say they are designed for a version of android from when android devices had physical menu buttons . ( that is froyo or earlier . ) the android system can not tell whether such an app needs the menu button or not , so it has to display it to make sure the app is usable on newer devices without the hard button . if the button annoys you , contact the author of the app and ask them to update their " target version " . they can do this and still be compatible with older versions of android .
bookmark the page in chrome for android . go to your bookmarks , long-press on the bookmark , and click " add to home screen " . source : http://howto.cnet.com/8301-11310_39-57416489-285/how-to-add-chrome-for-android-bookmarks-to-your-home-screen/ works on my galaxy s4 and nexus 7 .
this app allows you to set duration of vibration vibration notifier makes sure that you don’t miss important email and sms messages this app allows to have settings based on conditions such as in a dock with locale and the dock plug-in condition , your phone can automatically perform actions based on whether it is docked in the car , desk , or undocked . automatically launch an app with the shortcut plug-in when docked at home , enable bluetooth in the car !
after enough frustration with this issue i actually moved to a custom rom . this mainly happens due to rotation as mentioned by colin i used to face this issue when i had the phone in landscape mode , in an app and then locked the phone ! when it came back on there was major juggling and it used to end up this way ! software fix : pray that samsung fixes it ! or get a custom rom ! temporary fix : 1 ) dont lock your phone without exiting an app in landscape mode sorry but this was what i used to do , given s2 is a pretty old phone i highly doubt an official fix for it .
the rootfs ( / ) as well as /system have to be mounted with rw permissions . so , to check for that execute # mount |grep -i rootfs and # mount |grep -i '/system' if you do not see rw for the permissions , do # mount -o remount,rw / and/or # mount -o remount,rw /system
the other answer works ( to remove the search bar and rearrange icons below the ::: button ) works fine , but only in a landscape orientation . even in landscape , pathological arrangements of icons can be stumbled upon . i have settled on this method : use a firewall ( e . g . , droidwall ) to block ' google search ' , which i never use , and which i do not want broadcasting my task-switching . to switch to another app , press the home key and then begin typing the name of the app ( the search button is not necessary . ) when the app shows up , down-arrow to it and press enter . how convenient this is obviously varies depending on the names of the apps you wish to switch between , and on the other apps you have installed , and on whether you indeed do not ever use google search . it is also about half as fast as the 3.2 method .
try nova launcher from the play store . you can import your old home screen pretty easily and it allows you to " infinite scroll " . press Menu on the home screen > press Nova Settings > press Desktop > check Infinite Scroll
currently xperia phones with newer erom , bootloaders can not be unlocked via the above mentioned test point method . got the information from http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=30675295postcount=108
these files are for the transformers : dark of the moon film which was included promotionally with your nexus 7 . the movie was not , at least in my case , pre-installed on your device , as it takes a considerable amount of your available storage space ( especially if you have an 8gb unit ! ) . i am guessing you must at some point have unknowingly hit the small ' button ' on the video telling it to download the film for offline use . the first thing that came to my mind was , that this may be a webm video file ( matroska container + vp8 video stream + vorbis audio stream ) . it would have made sense . but feeding the file to mediainfo looks like this : an avc video stream and aac audio stream , is what one would expect from a regular mp4 , but mpeg-ps format ( ps = program stream ) is unusual . this is how a regular mp4 looks in mediainfo : the file [ from the nexus 7 ] even plays for a few seconds in vlc and in mplayer , but then i get error messages . so either the format is not yet supported or it is sort of encrypted .
the actual update should take at very most half an hour , the download time may vary though . other than a backup , i do not see what else you had need to do . if you have trouble , come back and post a separate question with details . the update usually either fails entirely ( in which case you can try again ) or works fine , you should not end up in some half-updated broken state .
a little bit yes . ( see comments below ) the app will make this seamless but should still use a bit of data . edit : after checking google help i found this : by calling your own google number when you call your own google number and sign into the google voicemail system , you’ll have the option to place a call . just press 2 and enter the number . for calls within the u . s , enter area code and number . for example : 212-555-2222 . for international calls , enter 011 , the country code , and the number ( or "1 and the country code , " depending on where you are calling ) . for example : 011442012345612345 or 12464260200
the two more popular sms apps in the market - handcent sms and gosms have options that allow you to set reminder tones and led flashing to alert a user to unseen messages . lots of configurable options in both apps .
try rebooting the phone after re-inserting the sd card . some older launchers ( e . g . eclair stock ) simply do not refresh their app drawer when you re-insert the sd card , even though the apps are re-mounted . you can check that the apps are indeed back by going to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications and seeing if the " missing " apps are listed there . if so , a reboot will fix it . alternatively , you can simply restart the launcher app by going to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications then scrolling down to " launcher " and tapping on it , and then tapping on the " force close " button . now if you press the home key , the launcher will restart and should have all the apps back .
the Common: Better support for mouse and usb keyboards found at the changelog refers to all devices supported , meaning that there was an overall improvement on the usb support for mouse and keyboard devices . but take into account that the words " better support " means that there was an improvement , but it may still be buggy on certain devices under specific situations . as a side note : to your particular case , you are referring that you have a huawei u8160 , but on the changelog , the support goes for huawei u8150 . so , it may not be fully supported with or device . relevant links : the changelog can be found at : github - cyanogenmod cyanogenmod forums : cyanogenmod 7.2 released ! ( 2012-jun-16 ) wikipedia : list of devices supported by cyanogenmod
it does not seem to be possible . at least not in the post it self . in the list of posts it is however . the only way i am able to scroll in posts , is sideways , which changes the post . it could be done programmatically though , by combining and rewriting some stuff . but then it is of course no longer google reader : ) a suggestion however ( which is what i do ) is to make a small hole in the thumb of the glove . then the skin is able to make electric connections on the touch screen : )
total = application + data application = size of apk file of the app data = space consumed by /data/data/&lt;Package_Name_of_App&gt; ( it contains data stored by the app ) other stats details : if Force Stop button is active , it means the app is running in background . you can use this button to stop the app from running . Cache section shows how much data the app has stored in /cache partition . if Clear Defaults button is active , it means the app is set as default to complete an action like sending email , open url etc . you can tap this button to clear default ( s ) . on the same page , you can get list and small description about Permissions the app has . if you need explanation of permissions , check this article out .
yes if you have previously set your current tablet to back up your data and settings to google 's servers , then during the initial setup of your new tablet you should be given an option to restore your previous settings and data . the settings that you need to check on your current tablet are in settings -> privacy settings . see below for more info on this from the official android 3.0 ( aka honeycomb ) user 's guide : page 13 backing up and restoring your data you can back up your settings and other data with your google account , so if you ever replace your tablet , you can restore your data on the new one . if you choose to use this service , your data is backed up automatically . if you previously used the backup service with the google account you just used to sign in , you can also choose to restore your settings from your google account to your tablet now . important if you want to restore your settings , you must do that now during setup . you can’t restore data after setup is complete . many kinds of data are backed up , including : your android settings , such as your wi-fi networks and passwords , user dictionary , and so on many google application settings , such as your browser bookmarks the apps you download from android market some third-party apps also make use of the backup service , so if you reinstall one , its settings and data are restored . page 132 privacy settings you use the privacy settings to manage whether your settings and other data are backed up to google servers , using your google account . you also use these settings to erase all the data on your tablet by performing a factory data reset . back up my data check to back up some of your personal data to google servers , with your google account . if you replace your tablet , you can restore the data you’ve backed up , the first time you sign in with your google account . if you check this option , a wide variety of your personal data is backed up , including your wi-fi passwords , browser bookmarks , a list of the applications you’ve installed from market , the words you’ve added to the user dictionary used by the onscreen keyboard , and most of the settings that you configure with the settings application . some third-party applications may also take advantage of this feature , so you can restore your data if you reinstall an application . if you uncheck this option , you stop backing up your data to your account , and any existing backups are deleted from google servers . backup account displays the google account that your settings and other data are backed up with . this is the account you need to sign into on a new android tablet or other device , if you want to restore the settings from this tablet to that device . automatic restore check this option to restore settings and other data when you reinstall an application . this feature requires that you are backing up your data with your google account and that the application is using the backup service . to wipe your current tablet ( after you have ensured that it is been backed up , from the same privacy screen you should also see this option : factory data reset opens a dialog where you can erase all of your personal data from internal tablet storage , including information about your google account , any other accounts , your system and application settings , any downloaded applications , as well as your music , photos , videos , and other files . if you reset the tablet in this way , the next time you turn on your tablet you’re prompted to reenter the same kind of information as when you first started android .
what ended up working was re-installing the stock nexus one ( a . k.a. passion ) image . there seem to be several different ways to go back to a stock installation , but what worked for me was : download the PASSIMG_Passion_.zip file from shipped-roms . com re-name the file passimg.zip and copy it to the sd card via usb booted into hboot ( hold the volume down button while powering on the phone ) selected ' yes ' when asked if hboot should install the image the above steps were inspired by this post in the xda-developers forum . after doing this , ota updates started working again .
the typical audio only jack has 3 rings , usually call tip , ring , sleeve ( trs ) . these typically map to left , right , and ground . phone manufactures wanted to make this jack work with existing headphone so they used a connector with 4 rings , called tip , ring , ring , sleeve ( trrs ) . these map to left , right , and ground just like the 3 ring , but the final connector maps to a microphone . this makes it so that if you plug an audio only cable into it , the microphone input gets connected to ground so nothing is hurt . it also means that if a headset with microphone is connected to an audio only device , the microphone is connected to ground , also hurting nothing . sources : what protocol does a headphone jack use ? leads direct : jack plugs and sockets
no . what you are describing is something like the " hibernate " option you get on pcs . it would need support from the kernel and the userspace parts of android . since 4.2 , the boot process on android has been a lot faster on real devices , so typically it would be slower to boot from hibernation than to boot in the conventional way .
there are multiple solutions available : using an usb cable if you connect your device to your pc via an usb cable , it shares ( parts of ) its storage to the pc . with versions prior to android 4 . x your device usually identifies as usb storage ( like any external disk/usb-stick attached ) , never android versions might use mtp instead , which might require special drivers on your pc to be used . once connected , you can transfer files easily between pc and android device . using a card reader if your device features a slot for sd cards , you could simply remove the sd card from your device ( remember to unmount it first via the device 's setup menu ) , put it into a card reader , and attach it to the pc . it should then pop-up on your pc as " usb storage " as described above . wireless solutions ( browser-based ) there are a bunch of wireless solutions available -- and this is not the place to list them all . principially , you can install any ftp/web server , and configure it to offer the directories you wish to access . as this might be too complicated for many users , there are quite easy solutions . the probably most well-known is airdroid , which offers a nice interface to manage almost your entire device from your pc : as the example screenshot shows , a file browser is included -- and permits you to upload and download files to/from your device . a second example for an easy-to-use app would be wifi file transfer , which -- as the name suggests -- is specialized to transfer files via wifi : there are many more possibilities , just check the playstore . a good starting point are the playstore pages of the mentioned two examples , then lookup related apps . other wireless solutions there are many more wireless solutions available . as logos mentioned it in his comment , i will add some examples here for completeness : samba you can use apps like samba filesharing to turn your android device into a samba server . in short , samba ( or smb , or cifs ) is the protocol used by windows shares . linux also understands this protocol . using samba , one thus can access the android device 's file system ( without root , this will be restricted to the internal/external sd card ) like any samba-/windows share . webdav several apps like e.g. davdrive can share the android device 's storage via the webdav protocol . this works via http , but can also be accessed like a " shared drive " using the appropriate software on the pc . bluetooth do not forget that we also have this available -- at least on our android devices . but also keep in mind this is much slower than wifi . nevertheless , it can be facilitated using apps like bluetooth file transfer . ftp the file transfer protocol also is an option . there are several apps available turning an android device into an ftpserver . . . other solutions for completeness , let 's just name them in short : ssh server , web server , file synchronization tools ( like e.g. foldersync ) , and probably several other options i am currently unaware of . . .
download the latest cwm recovery available for your phone from here , put it in the root of your sd card , reboot into recovery ( power off and press and hold some key combo , that depends on your phone ; google for instructions ) and flash it . you can also try twrp , another popular custom recovery . let me know if you need any clarification !
yes , totally normal . this is the ui 's way of telling you that you have reached the edge .
yes , this is possible without apps . the icons on the lockscreen are the same ones that you chose for the home screen : here you see the icons i originally had on both screens : by changing the apps on my home screen adjacent to all apps , this change is mirrored on the lock screen : to change the icons adjacent to all apps on your home screen , long-press them until you can move them around then drop the old icons either into the trash can ( that appears when you long press ) or into a free space on another part of the home screen . you can then replace it with an icon of your choice .
from what i can tell , this issue has been resolved with gingerbread 2.3.5 . i no longer have the issue with my device running gingerbread 2.3.5 ( actually i think cm7 is based on 2.3.7 now ) . from what i am seeing in the reported issue is other people are saying the same thing about it being fixed . i am not sure if your device has an update available or not though .
this is now possible ( may 2011 ) : check out the demonstration video . note that this is available only for the Nexus S for now , but it should soon work for all android 2.3 devices .
after you enter the starting point and destination , the app gives you the possible routes . on that screen the best route has a start navigation option ; selecting this causes the app to crash . instead select the route you prefer and then hit the start arrow at the bottom right corner . works for me .
most of the time when a unpacked and modified rom gets repacked , it will become unusable/unstable because it failed to get resigned with the proper key . you need to have the zip package resigned from the original firmware key . that is why you are experiencing those hiccups . also if any of the apps depend on libs and/or resouces , you would need to make sure they are in place as well - prior to repacking and resigning for a decent write up take a look at this : http://androiddomain.weebly.com/build-your-own-rom.html . this will show one of the proper ways of repackaging a rom .
the second account probably has nothing to do with the other . you will want to go to Menu | Settings | Accounts &amp; sync and click on the account that is not working . ensure that " sync gmail " is checked . if that does not help , then you should try what i do for all truculent apps . force stop if that does not help clear cache if that does not help clear data if that does not help restart the phone ( turn off/turn on the phone , unless you have a " restart " option ) and if that still does not help , try the nuclear option : uninstall and re-install
i use beyondpod ( the full version ) to watch ted talks all the time . it pulls in a list of the videos from the feed and you can choose to download which ever ones you want and then play them right in beyondpod . there is no data connection required .
my phone is also on 2.3.3 . the updates get pushed out depending on a number of factors including region ( as mentioned by crashhh in his comment ) and carrier . from my understanding , often the releases will be controlled by the manufacturer ( and in the case of samsung and most others , customisation occurs ) . once the manufacturer is ready to support it in a particular region , it will release the software to the carriers . many carriers will also make their own modifications ( and add their own bloatware ) . only once this process is complete , will the update be available in kies . with the release of gingerbread in australia from my carrier , i know that the release went back and forth between samsung and the carrier a few times , delaying its release to customers . i am speculating , but the update you received may have been some sort of patch to the manufacturer/carrier specific software , and therefore i would not expect it to increment the version number of the os .
yes - there is a setting you need to change . the notification bar 's actions are based on what you have gmail set up to do when swiping away an email within the app . to change it from Archive: open Gmail and go to Settings there change the Swiping conversation list from Archive/unlabel/delete to Always delete this changed my notification bar action from Archive to Delete
i think i found the problem . i turned option off that lets use 3rd party apps internet connection as was recommended on one blog on power plan optimization on android .
adb shell ls -l /data/data command will get you the file and directory listing you are looking for . specifically for angry birds space , try adb pull com.rovio.angrybirdsspace.ads/files/highscores.lua C:\abs_highscores.lua
there are two ways , depending on your firmware version . they work on both locked and unlocked bootloader . requirements having adb drivers installed ( usually installed with sony pc companion ) having enabled Unknown Sources having enabled USB Debugging pc companion must not be running 12.0 . a . 1.211/257 ( c5302 , c5303 , c5306 ) ; 12.0 . a . 1.284 ( c5302 only ) ( credits for doomlord , guide from this thread ) download this archive and extract it . connect your phone to your computer . in the extracted folder , double click on the runme . bat file . follow the instructions ( usually one key to tap ) . reboot your device if it does not do it itself . 12.0 . a . 2.245/254 ( any device ) ( credits for doomlord , guide from this thread ) in these versions , sony has patched the exploit , so we need to flash an older kernel that has the exploit and then reflash the kernel of our actual firmware version . this requires flashtool . download this archive and extract it . download the kernel file from 1.257 firmware . if your actual firmware version is 2.245 , download this kernel file . if it is 2.254 , download this one . open flashtool , click on flash icon ( see image ) , select flashmode , browse to 1.257 kernel ftf , validate . disconnect your device , shut it down , then while pushing on the volume down button plug your device to your computer . the illumination bar should go green . wait for flashtool to finish , then reboot . close flashtool in the extracted folder , run the runme_ file ( exact name depends on your os ) . once it is finished , shutdown your device . open flashtool again , repeat the same steps as before , but select the kernel ftf for your actual version ( 2.245 or 2.254 ) . plug your device in flashmode . when flashtool has finished , you can reboot and finally enjoy your root ! jelly bean 4.3 ( 12.1 . a . 0.266 ) ( any device ) as for 12.0 . a . 2.245 and 12.0 . a . 2.254 , the exploit is fixed , so we need to root while being on an older firmware ( 2.254 preferably ) , flash the new stock rom zip via recovery and flash the new kernel via flashtool . ( thanks to niaboc79 for this method ) . downloads : 12.1 . a . 0.266 ftf ( full or kernel only ) recovery stock rom deodexed or any stock based rom of your choice superuser fix update to 12.0 . a . 2.254 . root using the 2nd method . close flashtool unzip the recovery archive and run the . bat file . put the rom and fix zip on your phone . reboot in recovery ( power off your phone , then power on and press ( not maintain ) volume up on multiple times until it vibrates ) . flash the rom . flash the fix . advanced -> power off if it ask you about a su overwrite , select no open flashtool and flash only the kernel from the . 266 ftf . ( see screenshot from niaboc79 ) unplug , power on and enjoy android 4.3 with root !
no , this will not cause any issues . i am having the same case as yours ( using xperia l 's usb cable with a nexus 4 ) and have not faced any issues with nexus 4 or the xperia .
you cannot simply edit the hosts file on android , as it resides on a read-only file system : /system/etc/hosts , see : how to edit etc/hosts file how to change the hosts file on android alternatives are : use a dns server like dnsmasq in your local network to take care for that " centrally " use " root powers " to force-edit the system file as described above install a " local dns server " on your android device to use that , e.g. dns server
if your computer has bluetooth ( most laptops do , and some wireless keyboards and mice connect through a bluetooth adaptor ) , then there are apps that will allow you to share your phone 's gps device to the pc as a bluetooth gps adaptor . see this previous question for some of them : can i use the nexus-s gps as an external gps for another device ( via bluetooth ) ?
in order to root an android phone , you have to take into account the manufacturer of the phone and the model , and also you need to take into account the android version installed . the process to root a phone is based on some exploit in the system , and each android version with each model has a different method , which takes advantage of different exploits . there are common exploits across some models , but in general , you need to look for a rooting method for your phone model and the android version it has . i have used this page on some occasions to look for tutorials , but you can also look in xda developers
edit : to only sync the calendar you first have to switch off everything else : go to settings -> accounts -> your google account and un-check all the sync targets you do not want ( chrome , gmail , drive , contacts , . . . ) /edit then you can take care of when to have it sync . generally , this is left to 3rd party apps . you can always pick your favourite 3rd-party app to get that feature , and there is a ton of it . some samples : juicedefender ( free/plus/ultimate/beta , you will probably have to buy ultimate for the feature you want ) tasker llama ( not sure if it supports your use case ) or just search google play for ' profile sync schedule ' ( or similar ) the latter two examples are somewhat complicated to set up but are very powerful . i would try juicedefender .
most probably , there is no way . your tablet screen and your tv screen use different resolutions and refresh rates , which is generally too much to handle simultaneously for the graphics chip in your tablet .
you can now download it using your network only , no need for wifi . the wifi only option was until 23 november . i am currently downloading 4.4 over my mobile internet only .
this could be achieved with tasker : you can create a " task " performing the HTTP_GET you need , and then create a shortcut to that task on your homescreen ( the same way you had create any other shortcut there : tasker task shows up in the list of available shortcuts , and lets you select the task to create the shortcut for ) .
it is possible that you are long-pressing the icon and then sliding it over to the other screen . this is also how you could put it back where you want it without deleting and re-adding the icon/widget . several times i have inadvertantly rested a finger on the keyboard long enough to bring up the menu .
you could try this post on the droidforums .netthat has a custom app to manage brightness . requires root though .
android does not have a distinction between " text fields " and " text areas " like html has . one control , called TextView ( or EditText , but they are both the same underlying control ) handles all text fields , whether they are editable or not , and whether they are one line or several . that is not to say that every text field behaves the same way . TextView gives the app the opportunity to set hints for the keyboard , to tell it what kind of text is being edited ( called the input type ) . one input type tells the keyboard that the text being entered is a search filter . the keyboard 's free to interpret these hints however it likes : in this case , google keyboard does not show any word completions/suggestions when the input type is a search filter . you can avoid this problem by using a different keyboard app which interprets the input type and other hints differently . for example , swiftkey shows word completions for search filters just like for normal text . ( i have just tested it on google search . ) swiftkey also supports gesture typing like the default keyboard . if you are interested , you can learn more about the different hints apps can give to the keyboard by playing with my app im prove . ( it is a free app with no ads , so all i get if you use it is a warm fuzzy feeling when you leave a good rating . ) with this app , you can set all the hints , and see what effect they have on your keyboard . you can compare different keyboards this way .
make sure your device is connected . open Device Manager . in USB Devices , find a SAMSUNG composite device ( can not capture a screenshot because it goes away ) . right click , choose Uninstall and make sure to check " get rid of that sheet of driver software " . . . well . . . i mean " delete driver software too " . disconnect and reconnect usb , or clik detect devices button windows detects the phone and installs the plain old mtp driver . optional step : report to samsung optional step 2: upvote : )
i am also a user of samsung galaxy s2 . mine is rooted but all the indicators of your phone are pointing to a hardware problem . there is most probably a short-circuit like instantaneous electric jumps inside the motherboard . most of your problems can be answered rationally by uncontrolled electric jumps . for instance plugging the usb cable ( namely a power source ) directly starts the phone , indicating that there is a short circuit which transfers the usb power to the power button of the phone whereas they should be insulated . when you power-off the phone , it restarts . this may be explained with a short-circuit of the phone 's battery with the power button . so on and so forth . . .
in settings , go to developer options and un-check the show cpu usage :
you should be able to just tether and while your phone is connected to the wifi network that connection should be used . if this is not the case turning off the mobile data should force it to use the wifi connection
no , you do not need to have your phone rooted to enable a portable hotspot . not quite sure why it is not working for you , but here are the reasons it has not worked for me at various times . no cell data connection . i have tried using the hotspot as a relay to another wi-fi network without any success . the original wi-fi connection is shut down . misconfigured wi-fi security on the attaching devices .
my first thought is for manual sync . ical import/export can export your events . the second step would be to import those events to google ( in google calendar -> other calendars -> import calendar ) . not tried it myself , but you get the idea .
these voices were the result of having the so-called " roaming tone " enabled in the sound settings . strangely , the description of this setting is : roaming tone set notification tone informing the status of cellular service after disabling this option , she no longer speaks to me when i receive a phone call or turn on/off airplane mode . though i have no idea how a speaking voice is considered a " notification tone " . . .
definitly not ! that is nothing like what a developer needs . and a developer requiring you to send that i would avoid in the future as well . all that might be needed can be provided by e.g. adb bugreport ( which is the most comprehensive data collection known to me to be useful for a developer concerning his development ) . requesting all your addresses is harvesting , and rather used for spamming . tl ; dr : i would not send that information . you might contact that dev and ask for an explanation , and then maybe decide different . but i cannot believe this being a " mistake " or simply " carelessness " .
dual file manager
i do not think there is any support for the x10 from cm for the v9 release . for reference : xperia arc => anzu xperia neo => hallon xperia pro => iyokan xperia mini pro => mango xperia ray => urushi xperia mini => smultron xperia arc s => ayame xperia neo v => haida xperia active => satsuma live with walkman => coconut xperia neo l => phoenix edit : cyanogenmod is a rom that targets a lot of handsets . a souped up/bloated version of the stock vanilla aosp android ( the ones found on the nexus series handsets ) the freexperia project was founded by jerpelea who ( unofficially works for sony , gets freebies and contributes to porting cm for that handset etc ) . also , freexperia project is officially merged into the cyanogenmod tree . not all legacy devices are supported using the cm rom , especially for the newer v9 and v10 ( ics and jb respectively . if visiting this get cm you will actually find that cm is not supporting the legacy devices ! have not tried freexperia , but have heard it is not 100% stable , as some things are broken on it ( if anyone wants to correct me , feel free to say so in the comments ) : )
navigate to market , select menu > downloads and you will see the list of apps on your phone . notice the my rating section where you can star and comment on the app .
i actually did not know this until just a few minutes ago but you can use pdadb .net's pda-chooser to search by release year ( so not exact date but at least its something ) . obviously if its not in the database it will not appear and i am guessing that only confirmed devices/dates are entered . that along with gus 's answer should help . you may also want to check out engadget
there is an alternative browser , skyfire , which purports to support at least some flash videos on android 2.1 . it should be available in the market .
a number of 3rd-party " social " apps have this feature . personally i use tweetdeck . when internet connection is not available , it will save my tweet , and throw a notification saying that it will be sent when connectivity is re-established .
for your reboot problem , it sounds like your boot order is booting off the . iso , i.e. , cdrom , before it looks for the disk partition where you installed android . shut everything down and disconnect the . iso . you can just delete the cd device under the controller within virtualbox settings-> storage . you probably should not just change the boot order or you will have trouble reinstalling if you ever need to . however , if you want to change the order , look under settings-> system-> motherboard .
try changing usb cable . bad cables can cause this ( at least i had this problem once , which went away simply by using another cable ) .
most pre-installed keyboards are system apps . system apps can not be uninstalled without root access .
from what i can see in the video , the fluctuations are within about 1° in the first app , and 0.5° in the second . that is not exactly " random numbers in a wide range " . accuracy within 1° is acceptable for most intended use cases : mobile games , screen orientation , gestures , etc . it is quite possible that motorola decided to use a cheaper sensor since the phone itself is intended to be a very low-cost device . i would not say that it is defective . possibly subpar , but not defective .
just installing supersu do not give you root - it is only tool for controlling access to root account on rooted device . from app 's description : supersu requires a rooted device ! ! !
starting in 4.0 ( actually 3.0 , but few devices used that ) , most android devices use the mtp ( media transfer protocol ) class rather than the mass storage class . this was done for various reasons , including the annoyances attendant to having to unmount the sd card from the android device to access it from the pc . samsung has embraced this new way rather fervently and does not allow mass storage at all under normal circumstances ( if you have root , you can force it on some devices . not sure if it works for a tab 2 ) . mtp mostly " just works " on windows since xp and on mac , though getting it working on linux can require a bit of effort if you do not use gnome . the arch linux wiki has a useful article on the ways and means of accessing mtp devices on linux .
it works in a very similar way to how one user 's apps are isolated from each other . whereas apps ' private data used to be stored in /data/data , now it is stored in <code> /data/users/ n </code> , where n is the id of the user profile . each user gets their own directory , and each app that user uses gets a directory within that . posix file system permissions protect the data directories , not only from other apps , but also from other users . because android uses the existing posix process , uid , and file system security mechanism , the same way it does for different apps , the implementation is already secure without needing anything special at the os level , or a more complicated ( and thus battery-hungry ) solution such as virtualization . virtualization would work poorly for this anyway : providing virtualized access to the network , bluetooth , nfc hardware , etc . such that all users could control it would add a lot of unnecessary complexity to the driver stacks . when both users run the same app ( such as the launcher ) , there are actually two instances of that app . they share one apk file , but they have two separate processes running under different posix user ids , and they each look in their own data directory . this way , nothing they might write to is shared between the two users , but read-only parts ( such as the app 's executable code from the apk file ) are shared , reducing ram and storage use . both instances might be running at once , and switching users just changes which one is the foreground app on the screen . nothing needs to be reloaded or restarted . this works the same way whether the app is a built-in one , or one installed by the user . there is an awkward side-effect of that : when one user upgrades an app , the upgrade affects all users , even if the new version needs more permissions . only apps with the interact_across_users permission are special . such apps get access to apis within the android framework to look at all the users ' data directories at once . the lock screen is an example of such an app : in one instance , it needs to be able to read each user 's settings and profile picture , in order to show the " switch users " gui .
use the app management option to move programs to external storage . while apps can be installed on the sdcard , they still need space on the internal storage for actually running .
jelly bean unfortunately , there is no setting that you can enable to show battery percentage on the system icons tray . without using an app , all you have is : battery indicator on the top right corner of your screen . access to the battery settings , level and usage details : go to : settings > device > battery app using the battery app by macropinch available from google play store , you are able to get the percentage on your status bar :
it does this in order to break up large . tar files into chunks of 1000000000 bytes : even if the resulting file is under the 1000000000-byte split limit , the .a file will still be generated : -rwxrwx--- root sdcard_r 0 2014-03-19 14:29 system.ext4.tar -rwxrwx--- root sdcard_r 484504064 2014-03-19 14:30 system.ext4.tar.a  you can combine these split files back together using the following syntax : on windows : copy /b finelame* filename e.g. copy /b data.ext4.tar* data.ext4.tar on linux : cat filename* &gt; filename e.g. cat data.ext4.tar* &gt; data.ext4.tar
no , you can not update it from google play . it would be like buying your phone from carphone warehouse and then expecting phones4u to help you out with a problem just because they sell the same phone . or buying a music download in google play and expecting to be able to download it from itunes . you have paid samsung for the app , not google . if you uninstall it via the button in google play , the app will just uninstall in the usual way . you will be able to reinstall it from the samsung app store if you change your mind , but you still will not be able to download it from google play unless you buy it there . just wait a week or two to see if there is an update . apps uploaded to samsung 's app store have to be " certified " , just like apple 's , so there is often a delay before a new version will appear there .
based on this do you have some switch near volume button ? if yes , try changing it .
i found the solution . i can give a static ip to my beaglebone via shell scripts ( or adb ) : ifconfig eth0 up 169.254.13.13
i added several additional emergency contacts using these instructions . now 911 is just one of several numbers that can be called from the emergency call screen . i made most of the numbers " dummy " numbers that do not actually connect . while this probably will not prevent all emergency pocket calls , at least 911 should not be a common selection any longer .
you most probably left some residuals of the ( moved ) app on your sd card . the easiest way to remove that would probably to pull out the sd card and remove the moved app on your computer ( it is not accessible on your phone easily ) . for example , the full path to the moved tricorder app on my phone is : /mnt/sdcard/ . android_secure/org . hermit . tricorder-1 . asec just access it on your pc and remove the appropriate . asec file in the . android_secure folder . background ( why not to do it on the phone ) : moved apps are located in a cryptoloop mounted container file which is stored at /mnt/sdcard/ . android_asec/* . this is however not accessible so that normal apps cannot mess around with moved apps ( there is a tmpf mounted over /mnt/sdcard/ . android_secure with 0kb space to inhibit access ) . the original . android_secure is bind mounted to /mnt/asec/secure where the system can access the containers .
open the message thread in the messages app and it should say " sent " and the time at which it was sent .
if you cannot access the main ui , but the system powers up , boot in to recovery . try and find out what your recovery keys are ( e . g . it is usually vol+ , vol- and power on samsung phones ) online or by reading your device 's manual , then holding them as your device boots . once in recovery , use the volume keys to select an option and power to use that tool , unless your device has a d-pad or older android style buttons ( menu , home etcetera ) . also : you can use adb to force the device to reboot to recovery mode if it is enabled , like this , in a terminal or command prompt , with the device connected to a usb port on the computer : $ path/to/adb reboot recovery on linux/mac os x ; and C:\&gt; path\to\adb.exe reboot recovery on windows replace path/to/adb or path\to\adb.exe with the location of adb found in the android sdk platform-tools folder ( the sdk can be downloaded from http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html - choose sdk for an existing ide )
i had a similar incidence , in my case i left a service open . please check if any service related , is open ? to check you can use , this link from stackoverflow
i am a big fan of quickpic : it is simple and truly fast : )
full rooting instructions for huawei ideos x3 ( u8510 ) are posted on this thread over at xda : download the automatic root enabler for the x3 . for more recent versions i suggest checking original thread and the forum it is in as i may not be able to update this thread all the time . install the latest usb drivers for the x3 . search for the latest version of " huawei android phones usb driver " from the huawei downloads site . turn on usb debugging from settings -> application -> development on the x3 . connect the x3 to your pc via microusb . run the automatic root enabler and it should start rooting your phone automatically .
yes . locking the bootloader is possible after you have installed a custom firmware . a locked bootloader will not allow you to ad-hoc boot custom binaries ( using fastboot boot boot . img and will not allow you to directly write to the flash chips . an unlocked bootloader however does offer you this and newly available commands are : fastboot flash partition image fastboot boot kernel-image so , if it is locked you will only be able to either boot the normal or the recovery system which themselves need to enforce the chain of trust and ensure security . current custom recovery images will not enforce any security , so you will have to install a safe stock recovery after you have installed your custom firmware . regarding the stock recovery , this will not allow you to install any upcoming custom builds , only stock firmware ( that is digitally signed by google ) will install . so , to have a working chain of trust with no holes in it , you will need to first unlock the bootloader , then install a custom recovery , install a custom firmware ( etc . ) , then re-install the stock recovery ( extract it from google 's stock image ) , then re-lock the bootloader . the procedure to upgrade to newer firmware builds will be a bit tricky at the moment : i think there exist user-land tools to unlock the bootloader from a regular ( rooted ) custom firmware ( like cyanogenmod ) without the penalty of a full wipe . this way you can unlock the bootloader without a wipe , then ( temporarily ) boot a custom recovery ( via fastboot boot cwm-recovery . img ) , do an adb sideload update . zip and finally relock the bootloader using fastboot oem lock again . one note : i think i have read somewhere that the nexus 4 does not to a full wipe with subsequent unlocks after it has been unlocked/relocked once . i am not sure about this , you will need to test this once .
as you have come to realize , official updates ( ota or manual ) will most likely patch previous exploits to obtain root and you will most likely lose root during the process of updating . it is recommend to not allow updates if you wish to keep root . certain mods , such as cyanogenmod , will automatically block ota updates to keep this from being a problem .
google talk this will syncs to your gmail account . this offers free instant messaging to all your google contacts that you have invited to “talk” with . you can use the services within the gmail web page , or download google talk and install it on your computer or smart phone . google+ messenger originally called “huddle” , which is a sub service to google+ . the big difference with google+ messenger is that this is the instant messaging service that is synced to your google+ account , not your gmail account . people who are added to your “circles” are the ones that are able to be messaged with . one major difference with google+ messenger is that it allows people to have group chats . source
espier launcher might be the closest thing you can get to an " ios experience " . i gave it a test run , it does not have an app drawer . . . it is pretty much exactly like ios .
here is qr droid private . it does not access your contact information . usually the reason they want contact access is because you can store contact information in a qr code . so when scanned , it sees that it is a contact and adds it to your contacts . without access to your contacts , it would not be able to do this . another reason is that some of the apps allow you to create qr codes from your contacts . it would need read permission to do this . here is an example of a vcard stored in a qr code : here is the data that is stored in there :
try using a 3rd-party keyboard replacement app . i have previously used anysoftkeyboard , and can confirm that it does show word suggestions on other languages . for hebrew you would need to install the corresponding language pack as well .
short answer - no . there are advanced options accessible by typing the url opera:advanced , but most of those deal with the rendering engine .
can you use adb to copy or install the apk file on the samsung tablet ? for example : $ adb push my_app.apk /mnt/sdcard  or $ adb install my_app.apk  i do not have a galaxy tab so i do not know whether /mnt/sdcard is the correct location on that device . edit : oops . forgot to say that when you connect your device via usb select the charge only option - do not mount the sd card !
simplenote is updating all of their apps , and that also means that they have released an official android app . the official app does not require an account to use ; you can take and store notes locally on your device before signing up to the free service for cloud syncing . although third-party apps were previously available , the official option is a welcome one that gives android users an experience in line with the ios app . simplenote 's expansion to android comes just over half a year since wordpress owner automattic bought the service , pledging to improve its mobile apps . simplenote on google play
in order to remove the book/app from your cloud , you will need to visit visit amazon.com/myk . log into your account and find the book/app . click the " actions " link to the right of the title . under it you will have the option to delete it permanently . after you do so , you will have the repurchase the book if you want to read it again .
is it in the internal sd card ? try file://mnt/sdcard/Download/AnotherFolder/here.html .
yes , htc iqagent is carrier iq software .
it is an artificial geographic restriction that amazon have put in . essentially the . com amazon kindle store is accessible to any amazon customers worldwide ( except for customers who is account has an address in a country that has its own kindle store ) . country specific kindle stores , like amazon . co . uk 's kindle store are only accessible to amazon accounts that have an address in that country . so , the amazon . co . uk kindle store is only accessible by uk devices , based on a uk amazon account . the amazon . com kindle store is accessible to everyone worldwide who has a non-uk amazon account . the same thing happens for the newly launched amazon . de kindle store , only users with german or austrian addresses can use it . it is based on your account 's home address/billing address , not on which website 's account you use . you can apply to amazon to have your kindle account moved from . com to the country-specific site , if you created your account before your country 's site was available , but you can not use two sites at the same time . presumably when more countries have their own kindle store , they will be locked out of the . com store , and other countries will be locked out of their country-specific store .
you might want to look for applications that do require this permission : android.permission.MODIFY_AUDIO_SETTINGS then uninstall it and set the alarm a short while after that . if everything is back to normal you have found the application in question .
xposed is not a separate service : instead , it is a wrapper in every process , which replaces some built-in functions from the android framework . for this reason , it is very likely that it'll have some effect on system performance , but exactly what effect depends on the particular modules . for example , it would be possible ( but unlikely ) for a module to replace a built-in function that is called frequently with a different version that runs more slowly and uses more battery ( and probably even gives the wrong answer at the end ) .
i had manually exported contacts to google csv , uploaded to google spreadsheets . edited manually table by copying comments column to phone number column , deleted extra text , upload csv to contacts again
assuming , you have a nexus , the internal memory should show up as a normal sd card would in other phones . when you connect your phone to a pc and then mount it , it ought to show up as a removable drive . you can use aldiko - it is an ebook reader ( currently freeware ) that works well with epubs . copy the . epub file and drop it in your phone ( after mounting ) place the . epub file in * phone_directory/ebooks/import unmount , and start aldiko press the menu key , and hit import , give it some time to copy the file , and you are done ! the newly imported book should now show up on your bookshelf . the official faq might also help . edit : an alternative ( easier ) method using the same app , available on google play . i found that i could import the . epub without connecting the device to a pc . this was verified with a nexus 7 , which does not have an sd card . navigate to aldiko 's main page . after selecting files , you can browse the files on your device . select the . epub file you want to read and select import . the . epub will show up in the aldiko library .
there are the two things of note that i see in your data : the instructions indicate that you should use fastboot -i 0x1949 boot u-boot.bin . this is actually not correct , because the fastboot boot command is intended for hotbooting a boot . img , not a bootloader ( they are different ) . the original xda instructions give the proper command , which is fastboot -i 0x1949 flash bootloader u-boot.bin . this will install firefirefire on your device , overwriting the stock bootloader . generally , if your kf hangs at the boot splash screen , it is stuck in fastboot mode . you can reset it to the normal boot mode by connecting it to a pc and executing fastboot -i 0x1949 oem idme bootmode 4000 and then rebooting . if you have firefirefire installed you can leave off the -i 0x1949 flag because it uses a different vendor id .
i called up verizon support and they had me simultaneously hold the three keys : volume up power home but after 30 seconds , still no response , so they had me remove the battery for ten seconds and reboot . after reboot , the phone seemed back to normal .
as you can see on the right , it contains the private data for all apps . if you want to delete these data , you can do it by uninstalling apps or by clicking " clear data " in the apps manager .
if you have ever partitioned a disk , you might know how one partition can fill up , even though the disk itself has plenty of space . this is one of the drawbacks to partitioning . well , android partitions the disk , and then mounts the data partition onto the filesystem so that it all looks like one disk . the data partition is usually called , confusingly , " sdcard " ( the reason for the name is another story ) . this partition is mounted on the directory "/mnt/sdcard " . the size is fixed by the manufacturer , and can not be easily changed . it would require root access , and a program to resize partitions . recent versions of android allow programs to store parts of themselves on the sdcard ( named " extsdcard" ) if you have one . i do not know why you can not use the data partition instead , but apparently you can not do it this way . the result of all this is that without root access and knowledge of disk partitioning and the android filesystem , there is not much you can do except delete what you do not really need .
let me guess . . . you turned on gpu rendering in the developer options ? some apps that do not properly support it will do that . try turning that off . also , on an unrelated note : you can take screenshots by holding power and volume down .
i am pretty sure that you wont lose the functionality of lock screen camera . but check once before encrypting because you need to hard reset/repair to decrypt xperia phones .
you can use a new dialer which supports this . i have tried swipe dialer free and it does this ( you get the same icon for all outgoing calls whether they were answered or not but for the un-answered call , you will have " not answered " mentioned " p.s. - if your dialer shows the duration of call then i think for non-answered outgoing calls , it will show "0m 0s " . all other calls will have different durations . so , you can differentiate between them ( if this is what your purpose is ) .
those permissions ( call , sms ) are in most cases used for " quick-access-widgets/shortcuts " the launcher provides . to create a call widget for a contact , the contacts need to be read , which again might need the account data in some cases to retrieve them . so all those permissions are obviously making sense in context of a launcher . of course this does not mean they cannot be abused . so i would either stick with a heavily used / well known app , or have additional protection ( pdroid , lbe ) . you explicitly mentioned apex , which i use on some of my devices . on others i use golauncher ex . i also use lbe to keep watch . none of these two launchers ever misused these permissions ( at least i never got a warning ) -- though i must admit i did not check all the logs thoroughly all the time .
although infuse 4g is not officially supported by cyanogenmod yet , there are quite a few gingerbread ( android 2.3 . x ) based roms for it available on xda developers forums . an unofficial port of cm7 is currently under development for infuse 4g . if you are feeling adventurous , and are somewhat knowledgeable in linux , you can compile your own version of it from latest sources , as described here .
audiogalaxy supposedly does this . i have not used it for myself .
according to the specifications your phone has 512mb memory , which is quite close to the lower limit for actual 3d games like n.o.v.a. 3 . because the os must read the game data into the allocated ram for the game-process ( a lot less than 512mb ) . the game-data is propably bigger than the total allocated ram space so android starts to cache the stuff internally ( internal flash space , not sd card ) . so after loading the game the sd-card class/speed is not the most important part . a faster sd-card will probably just speed up the loading progress but not the gaming experience itself .
do not think about android as a heavily modified linux distribution . because it is not . the nearly only thing that android shares with a linux distribution is the kernel . and even this component is modified . also other core components , like the libc , differ . android has no /etc/fstab you do not need /etc/fstab to mount an partition . but there is iirc no mount command either . dev_mount should work ( root required ) . to answer your questions title : all startup system mounting is done with the/etc/vold.fstab helper script .
you should not need to do this for the archos 70 . do you have the archos 70 internet tablet or the archos 7 home tablet ? the link you have is for the archos 7 home tablet , which is an older model . if you in fact have a generation 8 , archos 70 , here 's the link you want : http://forum.archosfans.com/viewtopic.php?f=63t=42067 all you have to do is open the apk file on your tablet .
the answer depends on what you want to do . adb and ssh serve different purposes , though they have some things in common : you can remotely access your android device , and execute commands on it . with adb you can do a lot more -- you will get an idea if you read the adb tag wiki and also follow the links contained there . one more thing in common : both can be used interactively . and one more shorty : they do not depend on each other . ssh to use ssh , you will need to install a ssh server on your android device . if the latter is rooted ( as a linux user , i do not need to explain that " root " is the administrative account , and also known as the " super-user " who has full access to everything ) , you can set it up to use the default ssh port -- otherwise you need to chose one above 1000 , as it is with linux . now you can interact with the device : copy files with scp , or log in to the device directly . this way you reach a shell , and can work on the device like on any other linux machine ( almost -- of course there are some restrictions , like e.g. no x-server being present , and a limited set of commands ) . adb with adb you can also establish such a " terminal mode " , by simply executing the command adb shell without any arguments . this directly brings you to the shell prompt . similar to ssh , you can also directly execute commands by simply pass them as parameters . in this case , as with ssh , you will be returned to your local terminal prompt once the command has been completed . adb offers additional commands , not only " shell " . so you can e.g. use adb push or adb pull to transfer files ( comparable to scp ) . all the other capabilities go beyond the scope of your question -- but above mentioned tag wiki should get you started here as well . one last word on adb : similar to ssh , this is a client-server model . which means , to execute adb commands from a client , you must have a server running . this is started when you enable " usb debugging " in the settings of your android device .
the facebook app does not have an option for it , so basically : you can not . facebook also provides no way to easily export contact information , so you had have to do it manually ( or with some crazy script/app that scrapes the info from the website ) .
i think you are talking about expanded desktops . can not you disable it from the power menu ? image from phandroid .
if you install different countries rom , you will get some different app that follows in that country region .
4 months later support finally shared me the latest rom that solved all the above issues .
i think formatting is your last resort . sd cards do have a limited life , and only can perform so many read/writes before they give up the ghost . try to backup your sd card on your pc if you can . you could use an sd card reader . try your sd on another phone and see if it works . if it does , you know something with your phone is not right . use this opportunity to back up the sd ! try a different sd on your phone and see how that works . lastly , you could format the sd card and see if that helps , but you will permanently lose all data on it . if your rom has an sd-ext partition , your os will not boot . ( unlikely in this specific case , but worth noting for others . )
according to the official bug report here , starting at about post 26 , it seems the sentiment is that this is a hardware issue . i have contacted verizon and they are shipping me a replacement . i will update the question again if this does not permanently resolve the issue . http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=23789q=label%3apriority-mediumcolspec=id%20type%20status%20owner%20summary%20stars
you can go to Settings &gt; Sound &gt; Volume and turn down the media volume all the way to 0 . i used automateit to mute media sound unless the earphone is plugged . a hack that i used to do is to just cover up the speaker hole until i can turn down the volume .
samsung has two types of mhl cable : an 11-pin one for their more recent phones , and a 5-pin one for their older phones . the 5-pin one is standard and will work on non-samsung phones . the 11-pin one only works on newer samsung phones . third-party manufacturers tend to also sell both kinds , so look at which phones the cable says it is for . if it says it is for samsung galaxy s4 , or if it is y-shaped with a second usb output , then it is an 11-pin one and will not work with your phone . see my other answer on how does mhl work ? to learn more about the difference .
you may not get 21mbps downloads on hspa+ , but otherwise , voice calls and data access should work just fine , provided you get a compatible sim card from the local provider .
have a look at this discussion . is your problem same as the one discussed here ? if so , google is working on a fix .
i have solved the problem in a direct way . i have restored the phone to the factory state , and it worked . and i am convinced it is because of z4root ! i have tried the second time and the result was the same . be careful when you root the galaxy 3 samsung i5800 with z4root .
gtalksms ( google project page ) does what you want ( and much more ) . edit : after actively developing gtalksms , i decided that it is time to spawn a new project called maxs . see my second answer . note : according to the faq i have to disclose that i am involved into gtalksms . gtalksms is an open source gpl licensed android app . everyone can contribute .
android jelly bean has extended emoji support . there are various possibilities to type emoji by yourself : install an emoji keyboard and enable the language switch button on your default keyboard , to fast switch to the emoji keyboard . for example : new emoji keyboard use a messaging app which has in-app emoji support ( obsolete since android 4 . x+ supports it by default ) , like whatsapp or handcent sms or other 3rd party sms replacements you can enable basic emoji on android 4.1 jelly bean : simply go into settings > language and input > android keyboard ( settings ) > add-on dictionaries > emoji for english words . you may have to go back into add-on dictionaries , click refresh and install again . now , whenever you type out one of the emoji keywords in the regular android keyboard , you should see an auto-complete suggestion for an emoji icon . ( this is for aosp android , it may not work on custom roms or samsung/htc/lg/sony etc ) if your rom does not support the above possibilities , then maybe obtain root and install emoji font updater ( root ) to get natively supported emojis , but yeah you already have native emoji support as i understand from your question so this is mainly obsolete and i just write it if other readers wanna try : ) emoji keywords : up , down , left , right , star , smile , voltage , warning , victory , wheelchair , five-eighths , seven-eighths , liter , soccer , woman , man , telephone , phone , flat , sharp , note , multiplication , plus , minus , divide , snowflake , flower , question , exclamation , circle , paper , rock , scissors , arrow , baseball , soccer , golf , fahrenheit , celsius , degree , aries , taurus , gemini , cancer , leo , virgo , libra , scorpius , sagittarius , capricorn , aquarius , pisces , phone , telephone , airplane , sailboat , aleph , king , queen , bishop , knight , rook , pawn , church , temple , differential , plus , minus , multiplication , divide , trademark , male , female , five-eighths , seven-eighths , one-thirds , two-thirds , happy , heart , star , hourglass , infinity , integral , reference , sharp , flat , wheelchair , warning , voltage , victory
made it . . . after going to market account -> settings -> edit , i chose " show in menus " and now it works .
you can try market helper ; requires root . market helper is a tool for android that helps users to be able to change/fake their rooted devices to any other devices . for example , it can turn your nexus 7 into samsung galaxy s3 in a few seconds . no reboot is required .
ma is not the same as mah . the former is a current rating , and the latter is the capacity of the battery . 1000 mah means the battery can supply a current of 1000 ma ( at its rated voltage ) for 1 hour , or equivalently , a current of 500 ma for 2 hours , etc . it tells you how much energy the battery can hold . the number in ma printed on the phone tells you how much current the phone can draw . it is like a safety rating , though i suspect the numbers are somewhat made-up for phones : it would be very unusual for the phone to actually draw that much current , and most of the time the amount drawn will be much less . there is no reason for those two numbers to be the same .
until google does something about issue 1008 , ( which seems unlikely since it is about five years old now ) you are unlikely to get a better answer , but for what it is worth , this might help someone in a similar situation . at the moment you can not alter the mtu without root access to the device . in linux this operation requires root , so on android you either need to root the device , or google needs to provide system functionality that applications can use to perform the operation ( i.e. . resolve issue 1008 ) . there is an off-market program mtuchanger which can be used on rooted devices to change the mtu . if you can root your device you can sideload this and work around the issue . of course , you should complain bitterly about charter ( and rogers and the dozen or so other isps ) deploying 6rd in 2013 , when the rest of the world is moving past transition technologies and is doing native dual stack . 6rd is essentially isp-private 6to4 tunnelling , which is why the mtu has to be lowered from 1500 . as such , any company that deploys it is eventually going to have to do it again , and do it right .
there is a repligo reader for android available . . . if you want some alternatives you should take a look at repligo reader alternatives for android
you might wish to check with are there any solutions other than flashing gapps , to have google accounts on cyanogenmod ? – where i named an alternative : on xda , you can find the nogapps project , which basically is an opensource replacement of most google apps ( including playstore ) , often mapping to free alternatives ( e . g . openstreetmap for maps ) . the " elements " come as separate packages to install , so you can pick the ones you want – and simply skip the others . status is different for each of the services : some are actively developed , some are " not yet usable " , some seem even to be " abandoned " ( like the playstore replacement blankstore , which is discontinued since 2012 – but luckily seems to have a successor named blank store ) . i have not ( yet ) used it , so i cannot tell which parts are essential or how well those replacements work . but head over and check out for yourself . marvin seems to still actively be on it ( last update of the " lead post " was just a few days ago ) . as for " zero bloatware " and " android without google " , you might also wish to check my answer here ; )
the sync options are located within the facebook app itself in settings . for example , photo sync options are located under Account &gt; App Settings &gt; Sync Photos .
applications do not have to care where the storage is . they just ask the android system to give them a " pointer " to it . there are specific api calls for this , like getExternalStorageDirectory() . for details , you might check on our sister site : get the right external storage from android devices .
google play was formerly android market . your phone would originally have had android market ( i am assuming its an old one , probably gingerbread ) . when you did a factory reset all the updates were reverted back included on android market ( aka google play ) . android market automatically updates itself so give it some time and it should update itself to google play .
here 's a great article someone wrote on the effect of changing it , very detailed : http://ryanolson.wordpress.com/2010/07/13/test-how-changing-the-max-amount-of-memory-per-vm-heap-can-effect-your-rom-cyanogen/ in short , with the g1 , it can cause bigger applications to crash . i would just recommend you keep it default or find a value that you do not see any crashes in applications with . as far as anything else goes , in the short period of time searching else where and reading over different posts . could not personally find any other effects , other than possibly battery life .
stability battery life you should be able to get an idea from reviews/comments/etc . about how well each rom performs in those areas . for an ereader that is really all you need .
go here and follow the steps : official cyanogenmod thread for htc one download latest version from here : official cyanogenmod downloads for htc one regarding your problem , getting stuck in a bootloop may mean that you forgot to flash the kernel ( boot . img ) or did not flash it properly . do that again .
long tap the colornotes app , then it should be in the home screen . let me know if you already tried this .
since the anwer seems to be : " no there is not " , my workaround was to use an rss-reader widget , and the following rss url : search.twitter.com/search.rss?q=keyword . i think its strange i have to go through such hoops , since twitter provides a html-widget for exactly this purpose . i was expecting at least one android app to mimic this functionality .
it is not the battery retaining state , it is the phone circuitry retaining state . even when you use a " power off " command and your phone looks powered off some of the circuits will still be connected to the battery so that the phone can be turned on by just pressing the button . so there will be some circuitry powered on even after the phone was " powered off " . this is likely a bug in the circuitry . this actually happens to devices - you sometimes need to " power cycle " them by unplugging them from the power source and then plugging them back . in case of a mobile phone that requires removing and then installing the battery .
according to this review , you may need to create playlists in the android 's stock music player app , and micoach will pull those playlists in .
google maps navigation also provides live traffic information along your route , updated every few minutes . a red/amber/green light in the corner shows if there are any traffic problems anticipated along your route . if there are , you can see where the holdups are and have the option to press to re-route which will find a route avoiding the traffic holdups . source : http://mobile.jack-frost.co.uk/google_maps_navigation_review_uk.php also : http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/android/thread?tid=4f7b34dd18f74b75hl=en ( via : google search for " google navigation amber green light " )
make a full backup , wipe everything , remove memory cards if present , send for repairs , restore backup after you receive . this is neither difficult nor time-consuming if you use something like nandroid backup . http://www.addictivetips.com/mobile/how-to-perform-and-restore-a-nandroid-backup/
izzy 's comments lead me to correct path , so i have managed to root the device . if somebody else having the same problem ( auto-root programs do not work but you can access device using adb root ) , here is complete how-to to root your phone manually : install Superuser from clockworkmod on google play directly to your phone prepare adb as root and make /system writeable : adb kill-server , adb root , adb remount ( you might need to kill adb.exe in task manager if it hangs ) pull the just downloaded apk to your computer : adb pull /data/app/com.koushikdutta.superuser-1.apk ( note : it may have different name in the future ) on your pc : open the apk using zip ( for example rename extension to .zip or use winrar ) copy from zip system\bin\su to your working directory push it to your phone : adb push su /system/xbin/su be sure that owner is root : adb shell chown root:root /system/xbin/su set suid and sgid bits on the binary : adb shell chmod 06755 /system/xbin/su reboot phone : adb reboot try su from adb : adb shell , su ; prompt should change from $ to # try su from phone : install terminal and use command su or use Root Checker Basic from the store if su from adb works but does not work from phone , repeat whole process from 1 but download different Superuser application from market ( for example chainsdd 's version did not work for me )
there is a list of things one can do to improve battery life . the easiest ( attention , black humor ) is turning the device off , next to switching it to airplane mode . in general these two things are not worth a consideration -- but with all things operable , i have seen no smartphone yet lasting more than 2 days . my old htc buzz currently makes it a week ( 7 days , and still 40%+ left ) -- but it neither has a sim card inserted , nor wifi enabled ( so you see , most energy goes for being permanent online ; i just carry the buzz as backup , since i did not yet transfer all apps to my new phone ) . my motorola droid 2 ends up at about 70% at the end of the day ( after about 17h runtime ; so it would basically last ~2 days ) , and i am not really doing that much . but to provide something useful , here comes a short ( and incomplete ) list : one of the largest energy consumer is the display -- so this area is where you can save most : make the display timeout as small as possible ( and just as large as needed ) . 30s is a good value . you probably do not need 100% brightness , so turn it down as low as possible . handicap : if it is not bright enough when you need it , it is hard to find the appropriate setting . on some devices/roms some toggle-switches are integrated into the status area ( if not , there are apps to do this ) , so you can blindly draw it down and hit the correct corner to toggle it up . at least on the motorola droid , there is one consumer clearly topping the display using twice as much : umts up/download . so if you do not really need to constantly transfer big data , or rely on umts as there is no gsm available ( unlikely ) , switch 3g off and force your phone to gsm mode . not relevant for data only , but also for talk ( just with less energy difference ) . wifi is also a main consumer -- even in standby . so when not needed , switch it off ( same for bluetooth ) . as we are in this category : though often suggested , gps standby is not worth mentioning -- as long as it stays standby . only problem here are apps that will then make use of it for localized ads and the like . so if you rarely use gps , just turn it off as well . i could almost write a book on this , as there would be so much more to be mentioned . so just some little additional hints concerning apps which might be of assistance : battery saver has an interesting concept : running a service in the background , it regularly checks the systems report on the strength of cell and wifi signal ( the system updates those data either , so that is no costly action ) . finding one ( or both ) of them too weak to be useful ( e . g . if you are sitting in a bunker , or some faraday box ) , it switches them completely off -- and checks in intervals whether it makes sense to turn them back on . this is especially useful if you often experience " dead zones " , where your cell radio would then power up to max , desperately trying to find some cell tower . and talking about " limiting your smartphone experience " makes no sense here : you either get no contact , as thee 's no signal ; ) juicedefender is available in multiple versions ( ranging from basic to plus to ultimate ) , and some hold it very high . it tries to save energy in several ways -- the best known being to " stutter " your data , by switching off all background sync , only permitting it in intervals . it offers much more possibilities , also depending on the version used . again , these are only very basic hints -- there is much more one could do . so you could use some profile apps like e.g. tasker or easyprofiles , timeriffic or llama -- to adjust your settings based on different situations . so you can e.g. put your android device to airplane mode when you sleep ( time based ) , adjust screen timeout when reading ( "when runs" ) , switch wifi off/on when leaving/returning home ( location based ) , and many other things . guess you have got the idea : ) edit : if you are still awake at this point , and like to read more , checkout what can i do to increase battery life on my android device ?
unckecking the Sync gallery will not remove the albums . just uninstall Facebook application from your phone . this will remove all your facebook albums from the stock gallery . upon reinstalling facebook , do not forget to uncheck Sync gallery . this did the trick for me : )
flashing the stock image may have erased your backup . however , since the g2 supports an external sd card , i do not think it would have . from the sd card 's root , it should be at ./TWRP/BACKUPS/ . restoring a backup from here using twrp will re-root your device ( if your device was rooted when you made the backup ) . you can also use apps like titanium backup to selectively restore parts of it . . . but titanium backup requires root . you may , however , be able to selectively pull files from the backups - a full backup of your phone 's filesystems .
do not think its meant for persisting . . . see dianne hackborn 's comment also had a mosey around the ics source code found in packages/apps/Settings/src/com/android/settings/DevelopmentSettings.java source code to the related screen , found on android 's github . by looking for the variable that is associated with settings > developer options > background process limit ( see line number 103 ) and ( see line number 215 ) called mAppProcessLimit . with that in mind , keep looking further down in the source , the routine that is responsible for saving the settings for this particular screen called onPreferenceTreeClick . that is , in programming parlance , called a " listener " that is monitoring the changes made on that screen and writes it out immediately to the backing store by android . ( see between line numbers 790 and 858 ) unfortunately , the " listener " , in this case , does not have a reference to the persisting/saving of the value for that variable mAppProcessLimit ; which is what the op is experiencing , set it for the duration of when the handset is alive , then upon reboot , it gets lost . in short , you cannot do anything about this as that is built straight from the oven , and bundled onto your handset , but with that in mind , you can roll-your-own-custom rom variant of ics with a modified version of the source to do that .
on nexus 7 2013 , Settings &gt; Storage &gt; Hamburger icon (top-right) &gt; USB computer connection .
afaik , openhome icons are specific to openhome . if you switched to another home scren app , the icons would revert to the default icons . if you want to keep openhome but not their icons , you would need to replace the icons through openhome .
i am using a nexus 5 and using next launcher as the app launcher . just counted the apps in one of my folders and noticed that it has 13 apps inside ( and can fit more as it uses the general swipe command for the next list within the same folder ) . . . presuming stock launcher your using ? try a different one like next or nova ? ?
i installed next 2 ota updates and got my trace keyboard back . the first one was a small 10mb os update which was still android 4.1.1 but software number as 2.22.720.7 . this required booting after upgrade . the next was a htc sense update which required no booting and got me my trace keyboard back . the stupid power saver notification which came with the jelly bean update is still not gone but trace keyboard back is good enough . never going to update the os again on this phone ! ! !
you could download the actual facebook for android app from the marketplace . this would mean that you use the actual facebook app rather than facebook for htc sense . not sure if there is any difference between the two , but i know i have both installed on my desire and use the actual facebook for android app .
1 . using command line : here 's how you can copy files to an sd card image . you have to use adb push to copy files from desktop to emulator and adb pull for the reverse . here 's the syntax to copy files to or from an emulator/device instance : copy from desktop to emulator : adb push &lt;local&gt; &lt;remote&gt;  copy from emulator to desktop : adb pull &lt;remote&gt; &lt;local&gt;  here &lt;local&gt; is path of file / folder on your desktop and &lt;remote&gt; is path of file / folder on your emulator . here is an example : adb push foo.txt /sdcard/foo.txt  foo . txt will be pushed ( copied ) to the emulator . 2 . using ddms ui : here 's how to work with emulator 's file system using ddms . in the devices tab , select the emulator that you want to view the file system for . to copy a file from the device , locate the file in the file explorer and click the pull file button . to copy a file to the device , click the push file button on the file explorer tab . i personally prefer the adb pull and adb push commands as you can copy multiple files ( in a single directory ) with just one line command , using ddms you can copy only one file at a time ( no directory ) .
simply press the enter/return button in your key board . it is located at the right botton corner of your keyboard . in some cases , this button sends the sms ( or submit applications , in cases of forms in websites ) if your device does that , simply hit enter/return button while holding the shift button or the upside arrow hope this helps .
if all you want to do is transfer your sms messages to another device or back them up , use an app like sms backup and restore - that allows you to import / export / back up your sms messages for posterity . it also allows a user to selectively pick and choose which conversations you want to backup or restore .
this is called ' recents ' - you can see info about it here
titaniumbackup also displays this when you go to the batch ( backup/restore ) tab . you can have it sort your apps by date of installation , name , size and so on .
the following is no complete solution , but at least a work-around , avoiding a long reboot : there are apps like quick boot ( others have things like " fast reboot " and the like in their names/descriptions ) . other suggested by those names , they do not really reboot your device , but simply restart the system server ( for details , please take a look at can somebody explain the boot process of an android device ? – the system server is started at step 5 of 6 boot steps , so this skips more than half of the way down and up , effectively resulting in a process about 3 times as fast as a complete reboot ) . while this way all your apps are killed as a side effect ( as they require the system server to work ) , it is still a lot faster than a real reboot , and thus " less hazzle " .
quick marketplace search for wifi notify resulted in the following : wifinotify
there is unfortunately no way to directly edit the dictionary . you can delete any user-added word by highlighting it and hitting the swype key .
apparently wep support is thoroughly broked in android 2.0.1 and above . http://answerguy.com/2009/12/11/android-2-0-1-update-breaks-droid-wi-fi-wep-encryption/ http://www.droidforums.net/forum/droid-general-discussions/1253-wifi-problem.html ( also includes a possible fix for wep by disabling/enabling the router firewall , though i have not tried it and ain't gonna . . . ) http://www.draconos.com/blog/2009/11/19/wifi-on-the-droid http://www.611connect.com/howto/merben_how-to-enable-wi-fi-on-the-motorola-droid ( comments ) ( also suggests that , if you initially upgrade to wpa to get it working , you can later drop back to wep and it will continue to work . . . ) http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/android/thread?tid=130d8d289ec5c8f2hl=en that said , wpa is a better choice all around anyway .
if you are using the stock launcher , you can not . if you use an alternative launcher like nova launcher or apex launcher ( one which has support for scrolling and resizable widgets ) , then you can . put the gmail widget on your homescreen by long-pressing and selecting the label of choice . then long-press the widget itself and from the popup menu , choose resize and resize the widget 's dimensions as per your liking . you have not mentioned what version of android you are using and nova/apex work only on v4+ ( ics ) . if you have an older gingerbread version , try adw launcher . instructions are similar , if not exactly the same . you may also have to enable the functionality for " scrollable widgets " from within your launcher 's settings panel to get the full benefit .
you can use an tasker to kill apps when you launch your game . and you are also able to do the opposite , when your game gets closed , tasker can initialize other apps . you may use the trial version to test this , but i believe that better results can only be achieved with root . tasker tasker by crafty apps available from google play store ( 4,49€ ) from their website you have a free 14-day trial download .
prior to android 4.0 ( aka ice cream sandwich ) it is called " droid " , and comes in serif ( regular , bold , italic , bold italic ) , sans ( regular , bold ) , and sans mono variants . a new font family " roboto " was released with 4.0 . wikipedia article on droid ( font ) google+ post on roboto
since you already had cm10 installed , you should be having the zip file with you . if you do not have it , you can download it from the previous source and place it in your sd card . if you do not have and do not know the source from where you already downloaded , you can try the one from where i had downloaded ( courtesy ) . the reason i am trying to stick to your previous download is that these zip files are unofficial cm builds and are compiled from same source by many developers , each adding their own bells and whistles and most importantly bug fixes . hence you already know what is working and what is not with your previous rom which will avoid you any nasty last minute surprises . as far as the rom that i am using , apart from what is mentioned in the blog , google location service is not working . which means that news and weather app , google maps etc will not get your location without gps . after deciding which rom zip file to use , place the zip file in sd card and switch off the phone . please backup whatever you want as the following steps is going to erase all except the sd card contents . reboot your phone into recovery mode . to do this , press and hold home button , volume down button and while holding both down , power on the device . do not release the home and volume down button until you see the cyanogenmod recovery console . then simply follow the steps as said in the blog .
one solution to this problem : use a tasking program such as locale or tasker and create certain conditions that will enable your wifi ( essentially writing a script as you described ) . for example : use gps and determine if i am at my home ( i believe you can use real gps , which will consume quite a bit of power , or base it off of which cell tower you are connected to , which you would already know anyways if not in airplane mode ) . or you could even setup certain times of the day you know you will be at home , or work , or wherever you regularly have wifi .
jumping between roms in the same development series is usually safe without backing up or wiping the data partition ( although the cache and dalvik cache should always be wiped ) , unless the installation instructions specifically tell you to wipe the data partition ( which seems unlikely in this case ; if such a drastic change were needed , it should not be a release candidate any more ) . i would nevertheless back everything up just in case , both application backup like titanium backup and nandroid backup from the recovery partition , but then i am paranoid like that . jumping to a different series ( say , cm6 to cm7 , or cm to aosp ) you should always back up everything and wipe everything .
install iw and then issue : iw dev wlan0 scan freq 2417  it synchronously scans only the frequency ( ies ) you specify . this can give your multiple results per second !
they are most of the time baked right into the monolithic linux kernel ( or sometimes available as loadable . ko kernel modules located in /system/lib/modules/ ) . note : linux kernel modules are build-specific and cannot be interchanged across devices , different firmware versions . see the wikipedia entry for linux kernel modules
alright , on the forum thread of that specific cusom rom ( linked in question ) , someone said that he re-formatted through windows with fat32 as type . so i tried this as well . while the device was on , i plugged in the usb cable , and put it into lock . then , as usual , the drives showed up in windows ( sd and internal that is ) , and it forced me to format the internal drive in order to acess it . pressed ok , then formatted with fat32 . after format , i did not even pull the device off the lock , i just quickly pressed the reset button on the back . then flashed it , and turned it on . it works perfectly ! now i have android 2.1 instead of that less-worthy 1.5 build ! thank you to everyone who proceded help : )
finally , someone from xda shared his nandroid backup for stock rom , here is the link ; http://docs.google.com/file/d/0b06fizeukdchulbvzfzpretos0k/edit?usp=sharing the original thread on xda : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?s=c89f980ba9f35f7e5ec9ae6b6bf11beft=1975140page=139
nope you cannot only selectively disable video calls . the least you can do is disable incoming invites from the app settings .
enabling usb debugging essentially starts up the adb daemon on your device , which allows it to communicate with adb on another device to enable debugging commands . it is used when developing and debugging applications , and allows you ( primarily ) to : transfer data between a computer and your device ( both ways ) read log data easily from logcat debug applications , including breakpoints and heap monitoring install and uninstall applications access a stripped-down shell on the device , for command-line interaction . leaving it enabled all the time will have a negligible impact on battery , if any at all . some other things to consider about leaving it on ( or not ) : pro : if your device has a hardware problem that prevents you from accessing the screen , usb debugging could be helpful in recovering data ( especially on a rooted device ) . pro : you can install applications , reboot your device , and generally do some other convenient things without having to actually interact with your device physically , even with the screen locked/off . pro : on a rooted device it may be possible to regain entry if you have forgotten the screen lock password/pin/pattern ( also a potential con , see below ) . pro : you can take advantage of port forwarding over usb debugging to use tethering apps like pdanet ( i believe that is how it is implemented since it does require it ) . con : if your device is lost or stolen , an unscrupulous individual could attempt to steal data from the device regardless of whether or not you have got a screen lock . if you are rooted , they can get pretty much everything . con : i recall reading that some devices can have trouble with accessing the sd card as a mass storage device when usb debugging is enabled . i have personally never seen this issue , but i have seen people allege that it was a problem . see also : using hardware devices from the android sdk documentation which discusses debugging applications on physical devices ( rather than the emulator ) . there is also a documentation page regarding the android debug bridge ( adb ) which explains its purpose and its commands .
unfortunately the adbd ( adb daemon ) is not enabled on any current google tv hardware , so adb connectivity is not possible via usb , ethernet , or any other means . however , a few crafty tinkerers from gtvhacker site managed to hack the logitech revue unit to enable this functionality . keep in mind that this is a hardware hack and includes physically opening up the revue box and soldering connections on the motherboard . you can read more on this mod here . needless to say , this hack is not for everyone , and carries even more risk of bricking the stb as a plain software hack .
not sure if you mean you still want to use gv services , but with your phones ' native number ? or do you mean you want to completely circumvent using gv sometimes ? if you meant still use gv , but with your native number : voice-> settings-> this phone 's number then just choose your phone 's native number ( you are still using gv services , but caller-id will show your phone 's number , not your gv number ) . if you meant completely circumvent gv and use your phone as if gv was not installed : voice-> settings-> making calls . choose either Do not use Google Voice to make any calls or Ask every time I make a call
the focus function is achieved by moving the lens back or forth so it is actually a mechanical thing . you can try it yourself . download zxings barcode scanner and fire it up . you will hear a click every time it tries to refocus you can also see the lens moving back and forth .
the apps will not just change when your version changes . all apps have a minimum api version which is required to use the app . so if your apps all have a minimum api version of e.g. froyo and there is no special version for gingerbread all will stay the same . the properties of the android version cannot be changed , only if you compile your own system and write a different version number in there . but this will not solve the problem of the api versions : if you fake an android 4.0.3 with 2.3.6 real system version , some apps will probably not run because they need to have api version 15 and not 8 .
after days of attempts the problem was the two step verification ! i was trying to login a htc desire with android 2.2 while my account has teo step verification so i was not able to setup the account ( i do not know i on last version of android is it possible to login with two step verification ) . i solved : stop " two step verification " login on the smartphone set " two step verification "
do this ( at your own risk ) if that is a default widget came along with os because those widgets are unrecoverable once deleted . 1 perform a backup of your important data ( remember ' not the settings' ) in the tab to a pc or cloud . 2 then do a " hard reset " of tab . ( every handset has a unique way to do a hard reset . so google it . ) 3 tab will be reset to its initial state of course . 4 restore backup again . -this is bad idea if you have large amounts of important/sensitive data on your tab and also ignore this answer if that is not a default widget-
it is the logo of the video 's uploader . uploaders can choose to display their logo near the beginning or end of the video , to make it easier for you to subscribe to their channel .
as avio 's answer says this is normal , but i assume you are wondering why . it is because the battery does not have enough charge to keep the voltage level up . the hardware will only work within a certain voltage range , just like pc hardware for example . most ( all ? ) phones do not have the redundant circuitry and so on to allow them to be powered directly from the usb port while the battery charges , so you have to wait till the battery charges to the minmum required level . as an aside , android normally shuts down with about 5% of battery left , avoiding this problem . unless you turned it back on after this point , it might be that your version does not do this or that the battery stats are messed up and need to be wiped .
on xda someone has a set of tools/instructions to determine the dependencies : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1476797
user dictionary manager might be what you are looking for . from the description : udm is an application that allows you to edit/export/import/delete/clean the user dictionary words found on your android phone .
i tried a lot of things . i think switching usb cables made a difference . after i switched and tried the vol down button holding while inserting the usb cable , the phone was recognized in emma but it was locked . but i was able to make flash mode work . so i retried pc companion , the update option which mentions resetting the phone/having trouble which opens a new menu . there i had to download the latest firmware first and then i had to do the vol down thing again after which it started installing the firmware on the phone . emma and pc companion are sony software .
from the sources , it looks like it is printing out the contents of the SignalStrength object : this object is described in detail on the android developers reference here . the string representation of the signalstrength class is defined here ( search for " tostring " function ) : this basically tells you the columns in the dumpsys output .
if you have a custom recovery already , where clockwork mod recovery is the most popular one , there is an option there to do a complete backup , sometimes called a " nandroid " . as long as you have this backup folder lying around ( it will not disappear when doing wipes from cwm ) and you can enter cwm , you can restore that backup as well . since the backup includes everything it also includes things like the kernel , the rom , apps and all that . it basically creates an image of your entire device that you can later return to . the tricky part is getting a custom recovery on your tab , but when you have that you should be reasonably safe as long as you remember to always backup . it does not hurt to put your backups somewhere else as well for safekeeping ( like your computer ) . i highly recommend you start reading the samsung galaxy tab forums on xda-developers . the q and a section probably already has all your questions listed , and the " android development " section has a ton of different roms you can choose from . as long as you have a backup lying around , do not be scared to try a couple of them out : ) ( remember that rooting your device and/or unlocking the bootloader will void the warranty , so if you can not re-lock it before sending it to samsung they will not replace it )
a brief post about speeding up a htc hero . are you with sprint by any chance ? this thread and this thread have at least one suggestion : have a look in menu > settings > about phone > system updates > htc software update . apparently there is a . 6 firmware patch . unfortunately , most of the posts are not reassuring . perhaps time to upgrade/change phones ?
i think " phone idle " just means general power use from the phone being on ( listening for user activation , waiting for scheduled app actions , basic memory and cpu " being on " stuff etc . ) whereas " cell standby " is about keeping the phone active on the cell network ( brief signals back and forth with cell towers alerting them of your presence , listening for calls or sms ) .
it is the blur tool . you can apply linear or radial blur with this tool . ( more details in the instagram help center ) this tool is mostly used to simulate tilt-shift effect ( used by photographers to highlight a plane or exaggerate a minimal depth-of-field ) .
yes of course , so long as you have access to that database . if we are talking about mobile phone apps , then most will have an embedded sqlite database or equivalent . these typically are " stand alone " databases that do not have user authentication to access , you simply need access to the file ( "someapp . db " , or " someapp . sqlite " , etc ) and the proper utility installed to read it ( sqlite version 3 for example ) . on linux you would do something like sudo yum install sqlite -y sqlite3 someapp . db and it will open the database and you can issue all your sql commands from there . keep in mind some apps go through lengths to " hide " or otherwise make their database impossible for average-joe to access and get into . edit : also , on android specifically there is an app in the market ( paid , like $3 i think ) called " sqlite editor " that allows you to browse all found sqlite databases on the phone and edit them if desired .
disable syncing in google chrome . remove stored sync data on your google dashboard . enable sync again in google chrome making sure that only the passwords are encrypted . disable and enable sync browser in ics . there is a more detailed howto with photos on my blog if you need it .
i think that there is no other way as to simply delete the files on your android device . make sure you have a copy of the files on your pc or an external hd . i am not sure if one can download the mp3s easily from the google music cloud . you have the files in google musics cloud , why do you need them on the device too ? the music app will cache the files on the device for fast/offline access .
its been my experience that only paid apps remain in your my apps list after data is erased from your phone . i believe that the list of downloaded free apps is stores in the phones memory so its lost when you wipe it . this is the benefit of services like appbrain . edit : as thunsaker points out , if you use google 's android backup service and you have a 2.2 or later device it will save the list of your downloaded app ( among other things ) and restore that to the market after a restore .
for android devices the answer is : 18 months is the maximum supported lifetime . i found this in the google android faq . it is said that the 2 year old galaxy nexus does not recieve an update to android 4.4 " kitkat": galaxy nexus , which first launched two years ago , falls outside of the 18-month update window when google and others traditionally update devices .
i would suggest clearing the data . also , are you sure that the contact is actually being synced by the facebook application . the facebook application may not think that the contact is the " same person " that you know that it is . i would clear the data and reset up the syncing for the facebook app . there maybe something in there that is preventing the image to update . maybe a corrupt image , or data .
the problem is caused by a bug in jelly bean that causes apps installed via google play to be installed to the external storage regardless of the " internalonly " qualifier in the application manifest . source : android bug tracker 1 and 2 the issue of widgets disappearing can be resolved with a work around using titanium backup . you install beautiful widgets through the store , back up and uninstall beautiful widgets using titanium backup , then reinstall beautiful widgets to internal storage via the backup . i believe titanium backup requires root access so i will not be using this solution on my personal phone but i have tested with a rooted dev tablet and it works . the issue has been marked as fixed for the next android release so aside from rooting my device , waiting for an update is the only solution .
try combined search words to narrow down the result list . if you e.g. look for an alarm reminder , " alarm reminder " gives you 1.000+ results -- while " alarm-reminder " ( note the " minus " replacing the space ) shrinks it to 48 , relating to both terms ( and not just either one of them ) . sometimes also the rules from google 's main search engine apply here ( i could not yet figure out when they do and when they do not ) . so " alarm +reminder " should list only apps whose name/description contains both terms -- while " alarm -reminder " should list only those containing " alarm " but not " reminder " . as said , this works sometimes , while the first rule mentioned seems to work always . i just tested it , and surprisingly even some more advanced keywords work : " clock +intitle:alarm " really lists only apps having " alarm " in their name ( and " clock " in their name or description ; though this i did not verify completely ) . i suspect the playstore search is just a " customized google search " -- so you might play with other " tipps and tricks " from its " big brother " .
in the settings of the gmail app there is a setting called " email notifications " . uncheck that setting , and you should stop getting notifications from it .
you need to do a factory reset via Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Privacy -&gt; Factory Data Reset ( this may be under a different menu on newer versions of android . ) factory reset formats your device , erasing all 3rd-party installed apps and their settings . it also dis-associates your accounts ( google , or any others you may have added ) from the device , removing any synced contacts . you may also wish to format your sd card if you are giving it along with the phone . apps , books , music and videos that you purchased via google play store are tied to your google account . you will be able to re-download them to your new android device after signing in with your google account .
there is this graph from over at wikipedia , which uses the data from google 's dashboard .
i do not think that there is any standard way in the market for developers to declare what license their app is developed under . a normal text search of the market for " gpl " comes up with hundreds of apps that have specifically put the word gpl in their title or description . other than that an awful lot of the android gpl developers seem to host their code on google code , everything there is open source and there are ways that you can search that by license type , that might well be the closest that you can get ( though you will obviously miss out on developers who host their code elsewhere ) .
answering an old question , i know , but android 4.2 has " always-on vpn " in the menu on the vpn settings page : setting a vpn profile under this will maintain the vpn connection , and only allow network traffic when connected to it . more info : http://support.google.com/nexus/bin/answer.py?hl=enanswer=2819573 ( it may have been added in an earlier version of android , but my nexus 7 auto-updated before i got around to setting up the vpn : )
sounds more like a virus . the only guarenteed way is to flash a fresh rom and start over . malware is getting smarter and smarter and may be able to hide itself on the os unless you start fresh .
yes , it works fine for me without sim-card . i can still use wifi for accessing internet .
to return to the last page you visited , you can just tap on the screen to notice a bar in the bottom . if you look closer you can see a blue triangle that marks the last visited page . click on it and you will return to that page ! click image for larger version hope this helps .
the app blacklist plus mentions exactly that as one possible use : there are four block modes of call blocker : blacklist all except the whitelist all except contacts all numbers ( emphasis mine ) . there are plenty other similar apps available , just search for " blacklist " or " call blocker " on the playstore .
files and directories below /data/data are protected from the " average user " , so you cannot simply " pull " them unless the adb daemon is running in root mode . other than the file you were referring to ( /system/buildprop is at least readable by all apps ) , folders below /data/data are " invisible " ( except for root ) , so they cannot even be read . to be able to use adb pull on them , you need to make your adb daemon run in root mode first . depending on the device , a simple adb root command might do that – but most devices will refuse to do . in those cases , you can use chainfire 's adbd insecure : install this app on your device , start it there , and manually switch to " insecure " mode . now the pull should succeed . remark : it is called " insecure " because running adbd as root gives everybody with a computer and an usb cable access to everything on your device . just in case you wonder .
no one answered my question , but i found the answer . i earned a badge tumbleweed . . lol because , battery drivers do not implement the same .
on ics , click on the applications icon , then select menu &gt; edit . you can now drag-and-drop any application icon you want to the row with the default icons . note that you can remove the phone and contacts icons , but not the applications icon . i am not sure if there is a similar feature in the touchwiz launcher on froyo , but alternatively you can look around and install a different launcher that does allows you to customize everything . you may want to start by reading this article
here is some performance tips : have plenty of extra space in the internal memory . the phone uses the internal memory to store apks and caches , if you have very little internal memory , it might make it difficult for the phone to find contiguous area large enough to store and load the cache . while flash-based storage are not as badly affected by fragmentation as disk-based storage , there will still be a major performance hit if the apks or cache file is fragmented into 1000 pieces . you should not need to clear caches . the caches are needed for the best performance of the phone . if you clear caches , and you have performance improvement , that is just because you have made an extra space and that makes it easier for new programs to create and load their caches . while you might be happy with this , it is only a temporary fix until the program rebuilds the cache and it becomes sluggish again . best way to resolve this situation is to keep an amount of empty space ( about 10-30% of the internal memory , the optimal figure depends on the size of your internal memory ) , do not install too many programs and uninstall programs you do not use ; this way you prevent program you do not use to build caches you do not use . prefer small programs , which generally produces smaller caches . avoid app2sd for applications you frequently use , unless you have class 6 or higher sd card . put only big applications that you do not use frequently on sd card ( e . g . games ) ; homescreen , keyboard , and widgets should be in the internal memory for best performance ( android prevents you from installing them on sd card , but it is not impossible to force move them to sd ) . avoid program that have background services and avoid home screen widgets . while there are valid reasons for programs to spawn background service ( e . g . music player , im , etc ) and while some home screen widgets are very useful ; they can degrade performance if you have too many of them . background service and home screen widgets will eat up rams that the os cannot reclaim as easily as sleeping applications . android usually will reclaim memory from unused applications first , but only in very dire circumstances that it kills background services and home screen . this is not an outright ban on background services and home screen widgets ; just to be a bit conservative in the use of widgets since no os in the world can smoothly run more programs than it was designed to handle .
their website does not say that you need to be rooted to use it . just need a nzb file and a usenet account .
tethering an ios device to an android device will cause a wormhole to open and suck them both in . i do not recommend it . the non-sarcastic response to bt tethering on honeycomb
specify ssid in the wifi connected context to be ABC/XYZ this will activate the context if you connect to abc or xyz , reference : http://tasker.dinglisch.net/userguide/en/matching.html
i would keep the phone rooted , with the sale option of restoring to stock rom ( if that is what the customer wants ) . or you can give the phone back with a stock rom with root . clockwork should let you do that . make sure you factory reset the phone before you give it to them ( rooted or not ) and format the sd card too .
i found out that this was caused by installing supern64 . strange that it caused something across the entire phone and every app , not just itself .
an update might include a new radio-firmware ( see : what is radio firmware ? ; basically you can think of it as the " hardware-layer " or an api to give the installed ( android ) system access to the hardware ) , which is not included with a nandroid backup . it could also include a " recovery-image " ( see : recovery-mode ) , which you did not include with your backup . for the latter , you could simply include it with your nandroid backup . the radio-image is a different thing : i know of no method to extract/backup it from a given device . you could , however , check which radio version is currently installed with your device , and see if you can get a " ruu " ( radio unit update ) specifically for that .
as far as i now android device slowdown can occur for several reasons : very low amount of free ram . check under settings> apps> running how much free ram you have if your free ram is too low ( 70-150mb or less ) it is probably the cause so check which app/apps , if it is not an app maybe it is a bug in the rom . ( see 3 ) low free space on internal storage . ( check under setting> storage ) if the free space is too low ( ~2gb or less ) , try free up some space and check if that helps kernel bug/misconfiguration . try to check your cpu usage stats , clock speed , governor , number of active cores etc . . . ( if you havn't flashed a custom kernel and never changed the governor/clock speed or other performance settings it is probably not the problem ) rom bug you can try perform a nandroid backup , then reinstall the rom after full wipe and see how it performs , if it is still slow , try clean install of the version that previously worked fine ( only if you know what you doing ! ) bug in one of the user apps . if your cpu/ram usage is too high for no reason maybe one of your apps eating it . i recommend you to try osmonitor or any similar app to find which app eating your cpu/ram . ( lack of trim , trim does exist in android 4.3 and up so it is not the problem ) ( in some rare cases bad sdcard can cause such problem but it is not the problem too since galaxy nexus does not have card slot )
automated solutions could involve tasker : make a job running in intervals ( e . g . all 3 hours ) , with the task to shell-execute rm -rf /data/log/* as root , should keep the folder clean . tasker has a " run shell " command , where you can tick " use root " – that is what you would need .
generally speaking , no , clockworkmod ( and other custom recoveries ) do not backup your bootloader . you can physically look at your backup directory to verify this , but i have never seen a custom recovery that included a bootloader in the backups . what you typically get is : boot partition system partition data partition ( also /sdcard/.android_secure depending on the recovery/version ) sdext ( if you have it ) wimax partition ( if you have it ) the general rule is to make sure you have the correct hboot version before you restore a nandroid backup , and you had have to flash it separately .
this seems like a bug in one of the apps you use . best you can do is report it to their developers through the play store .
when your android device is rooted , you should be able to flash images . there is a " gapps " package that contains the google applications ( like gmail , . . . ) that is delivered with most aosp roms , so you can flash that through recovery . if i am not mistaken , this enables the google play store on the given rom . i think the gapps package must be ( somewhat ) compatible with the rom it is being flashed on . there are also separate apk files that you can install directly ( without flashing ) , though i have no experience with those . and again , they probably must be compatible with the rom you are currently running . please refer to xda-developers . com for more information .
it depends on what you would like to achieve . if you want to just send a link from your computer to your android device you have several possibilities : send an email to yourself containing the url . of course you need to have that email account synched on your android phone . then open the mail there and click on the link . admittedly , this is a not very elegant approach another approach is to use chrome2phone . it consists of a mobile app and a google chrome extension that adds a button to your chrome browser . by clicking on that button , a link of the currently open tab will be sent to your mobile phone and directly opened there on the browser . here 's a youtube video that explains how to set it up : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pqb243nimlg if you want to have links on your android homescreen , you may create bookmarks in your android browser and then add them by long-pressing on the homescreen , then choosing " shortcuts " followed by " bookmark "
this problem went away after i installed a kernel and rom that was developed more specifically for my particular phone , the sc-02c . the lesson learned was to be really sure before rooting or upgrading that one is working with the exact right rom and kernel .
you have done your research right , bro . another recommended way is using the commandline fastboot which can be easily followed-through here . i am using the same custom rom as you are , though , i can not utilize the bootloader interface on the phone as i already cut off the flex of its volume rockers ( yields nonbooting issues for me already ) . it'll work just like it did on mine . not an official wwe ( international ) radio , though . the latest wwe applicable is 12.65 . xxxx but gps will not function already when using jellytime r30 ( which is based on the latest pull from cm10 ) . since you already have flashed a custom rom i believe it is safe to say you do not have to deal with issues regarding s-off
one part of google maps is a so called " location service " , which kicks in on a couple of intents ( e . g . always when your network connectivity changes -- which happens when you login to a new wifi network , or to a new cell tower ) . it caches your current location to the " location cache " , which should serve to faster provide your current location when needed ( and to update google 's location database , as the cache is contents are submitted in intervals ) . without being rooted , there is not much you can do about . but if your device is rooted , you have several options : use an app like autorun manager pro ( yes , here you need the " pro" ) to disable the listeners which cause it to kick-in 1 use titanium backup ★ root to freeze the app when you do not need it , and un-freeze it on demand 2 which method to prefer ? i personally would go for the second . titanium backup lets you create a widget on your desktop to toggle the " frozen state " of an app , so you can easily switch it on/off . disabling some listeners might work well -- but the app also might start behaving strangely .
i managed to work it out with the nexus root toolkit in the end . however , i did not get around scrapping the existing contents this way . so what i did was to back up all my data and applications and then flash a new stock rom ( 4.2.1 ) . this worked fine , but it means i needed to re-encrypt the device and restore from the backup whatever i wanted . so it was more tedious than expected , but well worth it in hindsight . especially the multi-user system is worth it for me .
yes , you need an otg cable . the pin layout is different than a regular micro usb to usb cable ; essentially , it is equivalent to shorting pins 4 and 5 on a normal cable . this is what causes the phone to know that it needs to be the host rather than the slave . in fact , you can do this yourself if you are handy with electronics and have a cable you do not mind taking apart , though they are also readily available at many online retailers ( amazon , newegg , monoprice , etc ) .
add a time context to your profile . there is a repeat option ( check box ) .
if you are sure you can remove the apps , you need to be rooted ( see how do i root my phone ? ) to do so . i recommend using titanium backup to uninstall them , you just load titanium and then click on the app name to bring up a menu where you can uninstall it .
the term " bluetooth headset " is very broad . different headsets support different bluetooth profiles . the most common profile is hsp ( used mainly for phone calls ) , which seems to be independent of the headphones jack you are referring to . so pairing your android device with a cheap headset that supports hsp only ( e . g . plantronics 242 ) will not affect audio routing to the headphones jack at all . your bluetooth headset and your android device will continue to operate in parallel , but each handling a different audio stream ( channel ) . if you are looking to disable the microphone only in your android phone , it seems that only a headset with an a2dp profile could be a possible solution . you may want to read at the following thread : sending bluetooth audio from the stereo ( a2dp ) to headset ( hsp ) profile
a boot animation is a series of images ( frames ) in a folders ( parts ) . there is a text file ( desc . txt ) that defines the parts , the frame rate , and how many times it loops . a desc . txt looks like this : 480 427 30 p 1 0 part0 p 0 10 part1  the first like is the height and width , then the number of frames per second the next 2 lines define the parts that will " play " . the " p " indicates the line is a " part " the next digit is the number of times to repeat , 0 = infinite next is the pause , this is the delay before it starts the next " part " ( or frame if looping ) after the last frame in the part completes . finally , is the name of the part ( the folder name where the frames are ) inside each part your png images will " play " in order , so what ever you name them , just make sure they are ordered how you want them to " play " . for example , frame001 . png , frame002 . png . i added the extra 0 's because if i have more then 10 frames , the order may be mixed up . the boot animation is then put in a zip archive with " store " compression , with desc . txt at the root of the archive . the file is named bootanimation . zip , and placed in /system/media/ ( you need to remount as rw ) or you can place it in /data/local on some devices ( should work on cm7 ) . when the boot animation is in /data/local , it will take precedence over /system/media , this way the " default " can stay on the device unharmed .
from wikipedia : 720p is the shorthand name for a category of hdtv video modes having a resolution of 1280×720 ( for a total of 0.92 megapixels or 921,600 pixels ) and a progressive scan . the number 720 stands for the 720 horizontal scan lines of display resolution ( also known as 720 pixels of vertical resolution ) , while the letter p stands for progressive scan or non-interlaced . when broadcast at 60 frames per second , 720p features the highest temporal ( motion ) resolution possible under the atsc and dvb standards . the samsung galaxy s is capable of recording 720p video from it is rear-facing camera . the nexus s is not ( max resolution of 720x480 ) .
since you have already rooted and flashed your rom , you can give the miui rom a go , see http://en.miui.com/ i feel that is sort of the iphone feel rom for android . . . no app drawer , newly installed apps get put onto the next available space on your screens . folders to organise etc . even the settings look iphone-ish .
if you lock a message , when you delete a conversation with a locked message , every message other than the locked message will be erased from that conversation .
if it is a wall charger with plugs that match your outlets , the input range should be covered . normal usb chargers are 5 v at up to 1.8 ma . the voltage is the main concern -- standard usb ports for pcs only go up to 900 ma , which is why they charge slower . you can see the usb power specs on wikipedia : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/usb#power ( in sum , any usb charger that you can trust to do what it says on its specs should work fine . a crappy no-name charger might lie , but two samsung chargers should be 100% interchangeable . )
nope , at least not as of now . you can factory reset your device to remove the first account you set up ( on some devices , you can just remove all the accounts without the reset ) and then add the other one first , if you would like to use it instead . but if you actively want to use both , you are stuck .
first of all , since you have modified the system , the ota update could very well fail partway through -- most of those are distributed as patches against the existing binaries . the easy way to update is to find a pre-rooted stock rom , like this one . you may need to update your radio first though , information and download links are available here . i think the one you have was the official froyo radio -- you will need the gingerbread radio for newer roms to work properly . 2.15.10.07.07 is the official gingerbread radio . however , if you want to go the hard way , keeping root ( or at least the ability to re-root easily ) is easy provided your incredible is nand unlocked ( aka s-off ) . recent versions of unrevoked do this automatically , but depending on where you downloaded from and when could affect that . to check if you are s-off , reboot into the bootloader ( aka hboot ) . to do that , power off the phone , then hold down the volume down button and power it up . keep the vol dn button held until you get a screen like the following : you can also see the notification that it has s-off at the top of the screen . that is what you want to see . if that is missing ( or says s-on ) , then you do not have s-off . if you are not , get the latest unrevoked forever . once that is done , you can flash whatever you want and still be able to reroot easily by simply flashing your recovery of choice ( often clockworkmod ) from hboot and then reflashing a root/superuser package from recovery .
in opera mobile , you can enable opera turbo to use the same proxying technology as used by opera mini . android stock browser does not use compressing proxy at all and i believe neither does firefox mobile ( though given that firefox mobile has plugins system there might be a plugin for that ) . several lesser known browsers in the market does use similar proxying technique , but i can not recall off the top of my head which ones though .
1 ) no there is currently no way to sort them . as you have noticed you can hide them and give them different names but not remove them . from my experience they disappear after 9 months without checking in to the play store , so simply hide any that you do not want to see . 2 ) again i do not think this is possible at the moment via the play store .
simply put , fastboot oem lock puts your bootloader into a mode that prevents you from overwriting your recovery image , without a subsequent fastboot oem unlock . this serves as a security precaution , primarily where the default recovery and firmware is installed . because : the default recovery will only allow manufacturer/google signed firmware to be installed and does not allow you to do much of anything else . unlocking the bootloader will erase all data . . . . . you can rest assured that , under this configuration , no one can take your phone and , say , bypass a screen lock by installing a custom firmware where the security considerations are different . note that as this merely locks in your recovery , and then again only from bootloader-overwrites , this is most useful where the recovery is stock , and the installed rom is an official one that has no security vulnerabilities . this is important because in most recoveries , and in some roms , there are ways to clandestinely access data via usb , bypass security settings with fixed button presses or unpatched backdoors , or install custom recoveries .
problem solved , and i think i am finally getting a handle on all of this after several hours of some serious digging through the interwebz , and a bit of trial and error . so here is what i ended up doing , step by step : locate a stock rom as suggested by matthew read and user12295 . this was possibly the hardest part as there were so many dead links out there , and i ended up using a link i found to the shipped roms website . i elected to download the file labelled RUU_Ace_Gingerbread_S_HTC_WWE_2.50.405.2_Radio_12.54.60.25_26.09.04.11_M2_release_199042_signed.exe . fully charged the battery on the phone . located the original htc cable in a fit of paranoia and connect my phone to my laptop using a usb2.0 port . for some weird reason the usb3.0 on my particular laptop would not let me connect the phone during the flashing process the first time i tried to do this . ran the ruu utility that i had downloaded , crossed my fingers , and waited for the phone to be wiped and flashed after navigating the various screens of the ruu . saw my phone go through a reboot at the end of the process . . . and all connectivity was working with full networking/identity data restored . so it turns out that the imei number is flashed to a different bit of the phone 's internal memory , and the stock flash somehow picks this up . so all systems go , but i miss many of the features of the phone , including the better battery life that i had under a better rom and because a couple of my own experimental apps will no longer work . all of a sudden i wish i would downloaded the 1.72 version of the ruu as it seems i need to go through a downgrade process in order to root the phone and get a custom rom reinstalled . after a bit more interwebz digging , i came across an application called ultimate multi tool , and i worked through the following procedure : connected phone to laptop ( as per earlier process ) set phone to charge only on the phone , enabled settings -> applications -> unknown sources on the phone , enabled settings -> applications -> development -> usb debugging ran the ultimate multi tool operations -> temproot operations -> gold card . clicked on the cid button to get the id for my sd-card . clicked on the " free htc goldcard generator " link and filled out the form on the screen to generate a goldcard image . clicked on the load goldcard . img button and located the goldcard . img file clicked on the create goldcard button . operations -> downgrade . i needed to locate a file called pd98img . zip before i could begin the downgrade process . the downgrade process was very slow . took about 30 minutes for me , but your time may vary . as an afterthought , simply applying an earlier ruu may have been a better approach , but i thought i should document exactly what i did . phone rebooted into hboot menu , and i simply followed instructions on pc and phone screens . waited for downgrade to complete and rebooted phone . repeat steps 2 , 3 , 4 , and 5 used on screen buttons to push visionary+ and superuser to the phone . on the phone , ran visionary+ checked the set system r/w after root checkbox selected temproot now after process finished , selected permroot now superuser asks for permissions , so pressed the allow button phone reboots set phone to charge only once it had finished rebooting completely back to ultimate multi tool , and selected file -> check s-off/cid/sim superuser asks for permissions , so pressed the allow button tool now reports back that the cid is a whole bunch of 1 's , phone is s-off , and sim unlocked . :- )
since this is of the samsung galaxy family , the following may help you : on my galaxy s3 , the setting is controlled as ' alerts on call ' . see : dialer\call settings\call alert\alerts on call - uncheck this and calls will not be interrupted with notifications .
no , the droid is a cdma phone . in general you can assume that phones on verizon and sprint will not work on at and t or t-mobile , and vice-versa .
after rooting you will still be left with stock android just with elevated privileges as you have said . remember , your data will be wiped , so i would recommend doing a backup first ! if a new os update comes along you will not be able to install via the normal over the air method , but you can still download the update manually and flash it via twrp . if you take a look here you can see all the other things you gain by rooting .
at least in this device , the network configuration dialog is plagued with bugs . what i did is to create the network , save it , then long click to modify it and the options appear . i have also used wifi manager to configure the network . good to know someone developed an app to do what google could not get right . and i have seen some other bugs in this dialog too . for instance , when you type the ca certificate name , then you save the network , and then you open it again to modify , the cert name is no longer there ( this field used to be a spinner in previous versions , but now it is a regular text field ) . a similar problem happens with the password . after typing it and saving the network , then opening the network again to modify it , the password field only contains a single character . and it somehow seems to save the configuration mostly ok , it is just the dialog is not initialized correctly with the previously saved fields .
just about every samsung device can be flashed with odin , regardless of what firmware is installed on it at the time . for specific instructions you can refer to this xda thread , which explains how to flash a rooted fc09 image : put your device into download mode connect to your computer and make sure odin recognizes your device flash the clockworkmod . tar . md5 . make sure everything is unchecked including autoreboot ! ! ! ! once odin does its thang , unplug your phone and pull the battery now reboot into cwm recovery by pressing and holding the power button , camera , and volume down button until the capacitive buttons at the bottom show now locate the rom . zip . it should be called deodexedfc09 . zip wipe data/factory reset , wipe cache partition , wipe dalvik cache , and if you want wipe batt stats now reboot , and you should be running stock rooted fc09 ! odin : http://www.mediafire.com/?66csfeo1ce95ysw cwm tar : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1357655 stock fc09: http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1580931 you should be able to get the epic into download mode by doing the following : you enter download mode by shutting device completely off . then open the physical keyboard press and hold the 1 key and then press power for a few seconds . downgrading , rooting , and then updating seems unnecessarily complicated . the updates probably would not apply on their own once the device was rooted , so you had need to install them manually anyway . you might as well just install the image you want straight away instead , whether that is a stock one like the above linked image or cyanogenmod .
the clue is in the error message , which says it can not connect to the proxy server . if your device is configured to use a web proxy , then it'll never connect directly to localhost : it connects to the web proxy and asks that for the web page you really want . this will not work with a local web server . to use a local web server , turn off your web proxy settings . see this related question for more info about that .
android currently does not support usb audio paths . you can use usb audio if you have a nexus 5 with android l preview . otherwise you are out of luck .
kies allows backups , but not the application settings , only limited content such as contacts , bookmarks , music , photo and videos . you can see the kies tutorial on backup : open kies v2.0 , " help menu-> kies tutorial-> backup and restore mobile phone data " section for details and a movie . you can also try mybackup free from market , which does not require root . wish you luck !
you do not say what model your phone is ? is it on the adobe 's list of supported devices at : http://www.adobe.com/flashplatform/certified_devices/ ? if you look at the adobe 's published minimum requirements for mobile flash , they list android 2.2 , a cortex a8 ( armv7 ) processor , and a hardware vector fpu ( floating point maths processor ) . i would have thought the two processor requirements are probably going to be more of a problem than the processor speed requirement , as they mean that flash is going to be trying to use hardware instructions in the cpu that will not be available in older/lesser specced cpus , this would definitely stop flash working . do you know what processor your phone has ? edit : according to this wikipedia cpu page the galaxy 551 has a qualcomm msm7227 chip which is armv6 compatible . as adobe state you need an armv7 compatible processor , it looks like you will not be able to run flash on your phone .
you do not need to use 3rd party things like a swap partition or zramswap . 512mb ram was/is still standard and will be sufficent for almost all scenarios most probably for some time ( at least for android 4.0 and 4.1 , see this cyanogenmod forum post ) . ( you stated in the comments that your xperia active has 512mb ram ) longer version : to begin with , " rom " is basically a false name for the system partition and means read-only-memory ( it is most of the time mounted read-only , hence " rom" ) , this sits most probably on some kind of nand flash . ram ( random-access-memory ) is ' working ' memory that is really fast but volatile in comparison to nand flash . both types are needed ( fast vs . persistent ) and cannot be interchanged . at least not completely ( you could add a swap partition on custom roms . ) at first : do not use the internal memory as swap ! flash storage ( nand ) has only about 10.000 write cycles . better use your sdcard for it . see this guide on xda for the pro 's and con 's and howto do it . if you just want to play around and wonder if you could do something useful with the free space on your /data partition : do not do it . leave it the way it is . here 's a basic picture illustrating a regular architecture .
use android device manager to get past your password , then you will be able to access menus and change the language .
i believe i have resolved the issue by resetting my phone to factory defaults . after resetting to factory default , i am no longer experiencing the mysterious pauses when playing music . my rev . 1 moto droid came loaded with android 2.1 . i ran the ota update to 2.2 , and then the ota update to 2.2.1 . in addition to the music playback issue , i was also experiencing extreme delays when displaying the launcher after the phone had been in a dock . i had not performed a factory reset since loading the two ota updates , so i went through the factory reset process . the home screen now displays much , much more quickly when removing the phone from a dock , and i have not experienced the music pause issue .
mtd ( memory technology device ) is a type of partition map ( configuration of partitions of nand ) . partition map allows those who are using it control over how their partitions are sized and how much space is allocated here and how much space is taken away from there . a file system resides on the partition map and governs the data being read , wrote , moved etc by the os ( android ) . changing a file system of a partition is very easy , but changing overall partition mapping is not . plus , partition mapping decides which file system to support . so , its choice is very important . mtd is open source . mtd supports yaffs2 as a file system residing on it governing how data is transferred and the speed of which it is done . ext2 through 4 are not possible with mtd . due to open source nature , it gives you full control over partitions . choose mtd if you use cyanogenmod or miui type custom roms . a bit of knowledge : samsung 's stock rom uses bml partition map . bml is proprietary in nature . it is close source .
gps works fine in a case or pocket . you do need a generally unobstructed view ( from a radio perspective , not necessarily a visible perspective ) of the sky ( no trees/buildings/etc . in the way , but thin barriers , like say a tent , will not present a problem . ) in order to pick up the gps signals from the satellites . ideally , you should have as clear and as wide a view of the sky as possible . ideal conditions would be standing in a flat empty field with visibility to the horizon in all directions . narrow that view of the sky by adding buildings and trees and your ability to obtain an accurate lock starts to degrade and you get more and more error in your position , until such point where you can not get an accurate lock ( or in extreme cases , like being in a deep basement or similar , any lock at all ) at all .
yes , it is using a push notification via google cloud messaging ( gcm ) , the same as google+ hangouts , google+ , gmail , and some third-party apps .
i have done some research and it seems to be an oddity of the tablet . when you do ' move to sd ' whats happening is its moving data to another part of the -internal- sdcard . you can not move apps to the external one e.g. http://yatse.leetzone.org/redmine/boards/2/topics/259#.utfgxxyen8e thanks anyway
it will only show up if you open up an application that will use the gps for something . for example just open up google maps . if you want to know if you left the gps activated , just slide the notification panel and at the top you will have the toggle buttons , one of them is the gps .
according to this scamwarners post , it may be a scam . the site root android . org supposedly carries out the service of rooting and unrooting mobile phones with a " special " program . like all scam sites "100% money back guarantee if not satisfied " is a in your face feature , alas nothing is further from the truth . after initial email contact regarding technical issues with the downloaded program , there is nothing and certainly no contact when exercising the refund option . i have since searched and found that the program root android . org uses is a free download from a few specific sites that deal openly with the global community . the old warning of buyer be ware rings true , i sincerely would not use this site again and warn anybody who is contemplating mobile phone rooting to steer clear of root android . org .
credit to izzy for the solution . the problem with the factory reset was that google back up copy included some apps and they were reinstalled . so you have to untick the back up to google on the recovery menu and make sure to untick it when you are starting up your phone again . it is checked as default . it even solved the issue i had with the dictionary app , as i could re choose the dictionary i need .
go to settings > wireless and networks > wi-fi settings press menu and choose advanced . click wi-fi sleep policy and make sure never is selected . this might help your wifi connection remain connected . these are available on my samsung spica running v2.1 ( eclair ) .
here installer for easy installation or widget only for manual installation installation instruction prerequisites : you must be rooted you must be able to write to /system/app/ folder . usb debugging is a " secure " setting , so this widget must be installed as a system apps . it will not work if you install to the standard install location even in rooted device . easy instruction ( recommended ) nico have written an easy-to-use installer to automate installation to /system/app/ ; download it here and run the installer app . add the widget to your home screen like regular widget . manual installation if the easy instruction does not work , try the manual installation : download adbwidget . apk and save it to your computer copy adbwidget . apk to /system/app method 1 -- using android debug bridge ( adb ) remount /system/app to read-write ( see additional instructions section below ) adb push ADBWidget-x.x.apk /system/app/ADBWidget.apk ( replace x . x with the appropriate version number ) remount /system/app to read-only method 2 -- using recovery 's update . zip ( have not been tested yet ) method 3 -- using root explorer ( have not been tested yet ) add adbwidget to your home screen upgrade instruction if you are upgrading from a previous version , you do not need to do all of the above again . you can simply install an update on regular application directory by using regular installation methods ( e . g . opening the apk from a file explorer ) . as long as there is a previous version of the widget in the /system/app directory with the same signing key ( i.e. . my key , if you used the apk download above ) , android will give the updated version in /data/app the same permission . usage instruction click on the widget to toggle usb debugging . blue usb icon means that usb debugging is inactive , red usb icon means that usb debugging is enabled . uninstall instruction since the widget is installed to /system/app , you cannot remove it using standard application uninstaller . so , simply delete the . apk from /system/app . su remount /system as read write rm /system/app/ADBWidget.apk remount /system as read only  additional instruction remounting /system/ as read-write open " terminal emulator " or " adb shell " get root permission , type su get the device name , type mount | grep /system you should see something similar to : /dev/&lt;device-name&gt; on /system type rfs (ro,codepage=utf8,vfat,fcache(blks)=128,xattr,check=no) take note of the &lt;device-name&gt; , and type : mount -o remount,rw /dev/&lt;device-name&gt; /system remounting /system/ as read-only step 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 same as above type : mount -o remount,ro /dev/&lt;device-name&gt; /system troubleshooting sometimes the widget froze and do not responds to clicks . if this happens , removing and re-adding the widget usually will fix the problem . note do not complain about the ugly default icon and widget button , but if you can send me a better icon/widget image , i would be happy to add it . now we have an icon , thanks to @jay . do not trust strangers that asks you to install an application to /system/app tested on samsung spica i5700 spicagenmod froyo .
go to settings-> applications-> all , then long press menu button , type launcher , press on the result , then press ' force stop ' . it will automatically restart , and you will get your folder back
i installed vlingo and i switched over to that as the input method and i no longer have the above issues .
what you want to achieve is working perfectly fine e.g. with locus maps , as i can say from my own experience . you can even use kmz files − and if they are self-contained ( i.e. . all pictures etc . are inside the file , no external resources linked ) , you can even create your own travel guides ( i did that , works like a charm ) . the offline maps can be selected and downloaded for free from inside the app as well .
possible options , though not ideal ones : flash a custom rom that uses the vanilla contacts app export your contacts from google and import them manually ( shut off sync )
honestly , i do not believe so . if you need to stop an app , you can always go to settings > applications > manage applications , click on the app and force stop . it does the same thing and the only time i find myself clicking on it , is when an app is acting up .
you might want to take a look at scriptmanager : manage and execute shell scripts and programs in file system . all executions run over vt100 terminal accepting user input and esc codes ( colors , bel , cursor movement . . ) run them at boot-up and/or on network status change possibility . schedule at selected time . ( cron jobs ) alternatively , tasker can be used as well to execute scripts ( and other tasks ) at certain events – as , e.g. , on boot .
i found the solution on another blog , seems to be working . http://forums.androidcentral.com/samsung-galaxy-s4/334381-touchwiz-wont-stay-default-launcher.html
the “micro-usb” headphone used by lg gs155 is not really an usb device — it just uses the usb connector for the same analog audio signals as in usual 3.5 or 2.5 mm round connectors . look at the microusb to 3.5 or 2.5 jack headset pinout . in order to work with such headsets , the phone needs to have the appropriate hardware to detect the type of connected device and switch functions of usb port pins from usb to analog audio . it is highly unlikely that the phone will have such hardware if it also has a standard 3.5 or 2.5 mm audio connector . even older htc phones using the proprietary “extusb” connector compatible with mini-usb did not switch pin functions when a headset is connected — they used separate pins for audio . the only way to connect this headphone to your new phone is to build an adapter with a 3.5 mm plug and a micro-usb type b receptacle connector , so that the headphone will be connected to the audio circuit through the 3.5 mm audio connector on the phone .
this is not hard . first , you need to disable phone by defaults . go to " manage app " , select phone . . . clear defaults . then go to the menu , remove the phone icon and replace with the exdialer . . . then i think it should be easy from there on . . . . any where you get a prompt select the exdialer
i have been interested in trying this for a little while , but for now i have just been using ssh . the guide i have been eyeing on the subject is here , which is using openvpn to dd-wrt on android . it seems pretty straightforward .
try " reboot recovery " , though it does not work on all devices . you might also need root for this , so first try " su root " .
i believe this xda forum post will give you a good head start . note : this is written for the sapphire . compiling and flashing a kernel for the n1 . another guide from xda forums . compiling systems apps .
picking up my comment on the question : is it true that restoring a single package backup wipes all data on the phone ? no . as i suspected in my comment , the warning just relates to the settings of the app being restored , as they would be replaced by those from the backup . i used adb backup to backup a single app on one device , and restored it to multiple devices . i did not miss anything afterwards , all other apps ( and data ) remained untouched . it would not make any sense the other way , either . and carbon - app sync and backup could not offer to restore a single app , as it itself would be gone then as well : )
the process for getting cm on htcs in my experience ( htc sensation , raider , one s , desire z ) has been to : unlock the bootloader , usually via htc dev , after installing only sync drivers flash custom recovery - twrp preferred , but cwm works fine flash superuser zip file for easy root . if that does not work , i can suggest vroot , worked great on an lenovo ascend g610 with little documentation on the web run s-off tool of choice , sometimes terminal based , sometimes it is an easy apk set supercid for easy flashing of other stock roms flash cyanogen and gapps , make sure to clear data before first boot do not try to install custom bootloaders with s-on , as i have bricked an htc hero that was s-on , tried to flash amarulz hboot , and it never started up again . the method above has successfully unlocked all the htc devices first mentioned , without any bricks . to answer your questions , you can not flash a custom recovery because you are s-on . perhaps you cannot get the unlock key for your hboot because it predates htcs unlocking program . my htc hero got an hboot update that required the use of using htcdev to unlock . if you are looking to flash a recovery via adb shell , you will need to use ' dd ' for that .
no . updating from 4.2.2 to 4.3 will retain your data , but this will make you lose root . to root , you would need to unlock the bootloader , which will almost always require a factory reset ( thus , you lose your data ) . so , i suggest to back-up your user apps and data with titanium backup or something similar .
after a very long ordeal , several trips to several different apple stores and basic trial and errors , i have found the solution as i blogged here : http://eduncan911.com/technology/hardware/google-nexus-10-and-apple-wireless-keyboard.html the situation is that apple made 3 different bluetooth apple wireless keyboards , noted by years : 2007 , 2009 and 2011 . the issue is that the 2011 model , with its latest firmware updates , does not work with the google nexus 10 . it must be a bluetooth hardware profile issue with the google device itself , as the 2011 keyboard works flawlessly on all other android 4.2 , 4.4.3 and 4.4.4 devices that i have as well as an apple ipod touch 4th gen . solution : get the 2009 apple wireless keyboard as i stated in my post above , i have tested several 2009 and 2011 keyboards and have confirmed only the 2009 apple wireless keyboard works with the nexus 10 . to restate the original issue : the 2011 apple wireless keyboard will pair , and even " connect " normally to the nexus 10 . but , the nexus 10 will not recognize it as an input device - it is missing the " a " keyboard icon at the top-left corner of the top status bar which normally shows with other bluetooth keyboards , such as the 2009 version . also note that the firmware i tested of the 2009 model was version x50 . i could not confirm if the latest firmware update for the 2009 model worked or not .
okay , so firstly i will help removing that ok google funcationality from the home screen : 1 . go to google now > tap settings > voice > " ok google " hotword detection > here you will see an option to disable ok google on home screen . now for the search bar , if you are running slimkat , then you are probably on one of the two custom launchers pre-installed in slimkat , so go to their settings , either by long holding on homecreen , or you can go to settings > home > here you will see the launchers installed , and mostly there is a settings/options key beside them , tap on that or if settings key is not there try tapping on the launcher name ( it should take you to settings ) . once in launcher settings , you should go to homescreen specific settings and disable search bar from there . get back to me if any of the above mentioned things do not work .
try uninstalling and re-installing it . clear the app data . might be a bug with the custom rom ( ignore if on stock ) . as for why it is happening , could be a faulty installation imo , but if the package was faulty , it would not get installed in the first place . anyhow , just try the above steps .
on android phone . just type in the dial *#9900# then choose the second one " delete dumpstate/logcat " . problem is solved .
should i relock the bootloader after getting s-off ? will that prevent me from doing anything ? no . you can not flash unsigned rom nor alter rom ( e . g . get permanent root ) . source . in that tutorial under the facepalm instructions , do i need to do step 7 if i already got s-off using facepalm ? yes . it is needed so you can flash the /boot partition from recovery . the stock hboot blocks access while in recovery . source . how can i remove * tampered * from the bootloader ? update 2013-08-16: from op : after following the steps he mentioned in the guide , TAMPERED is gone and has been replaced with the -- DirtyRacun -- label. There also is nothing that says UNLOCKED anymore .
as noted in the comment , " battery drain " and " overheating " are not necessarily connected : not everything that drains your battery causes overheating . overheating is most likely caused by excessive cpu hogging ( which of course also leads to battery drain ) . you might want to take a look at the app drainguard , which keeps a log of battery consumption , always informs you how much was consumed since you turned the screen off last time , and -- here it comes -- it can start an alarm when some app causes excessive battery drain . values are configurable : the free version only works from 100% charge down to 70% , which is fine for testing . once you decided the app serves your purpose , the drainguard pro key is available on the playstore for less than an euro .
it turned out to be a sync error for some contacts with malformed birthday field created on android which causes exchange to silently fail . you can debug it , by getting the exchange server-side logs , by going to your exchange webmail ( outlook web access , owa ) : login in to webmail . yourdomain . com go to : options -> all options -> phone mark your current device and click -> " start logging " start sync on the phone in webmail click " stop logging " and look at the new mail create in your inbox in the log i got three of these errors : . . . which causes the whole sync and all subsequent contact syncing to silently do nothing . i had to remove the birthday field from these contacts on android . i hope this helps someone ! here is some more information on the various date formats created on android devices : http://dmfs.org/carddav/?date_format
if the device in question is root ed , you can write to the system settings directly from a shell command in adb shell . the name of the setting to write depends on which android version you have . if your device is not rooted , you can not change the usb debugging setting from adb or any non-system app .
yes there is : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.into.stability but if you do not have root , then it is a bit limited in features .
this is a known problem with leaked 2.2 galaxy s vibrant software ( happened to me ) . even if you are not using a vibrant i would suspect the issue is the same , since the software is mostly the same . you can fix it using this post at xda if you have a vibrant or i9000 . if you have another model just check the subforum for your device ( or take a risk and try this anyways ) .
my advice , backup /data/ and sdcard ( not external ) , use ota root keeper , do a factory reset , and restore data and the root . instead of rk , try first framaroot .
note that both ios browser ( safari ) and chrome ( desktop or for android ) are based on webkit engine . that is why they are so similar in what they render . firefox browser uses a much different engine : gecko . as an answer for what you want to do , i think that given the css and javascript the mobile site loads is different depending on the rendering engine , currently it is not possible to an end user to achieve that . a better design must be done by web developers who made the website , in order to avoid this kind of awkward situations . if what you need is to open that mobile site with a browser different to chrome for android , but that it be rendered the same way as chrome for android does , i recommend you to use opera mobile or opera mini ( based on presto engine ) , here is a screenshot of how it looks there :
from digitaltrends , when an offending notification pops up , simply long press on it and App Info will pop up . tap on that and you’ll be taken straight to the app management screen where you can uncheck the Show notifications box and stop notifications appearing . you can also get to the app management screen by going to Settings -&gt; Apps and selecting the app from there . unchecking the show notifications box does mean that all notifications from that app will be turned off though . as the warning states : if you turn off notifications for this app , you may miss important alerts and updates .
there're two flavors of usb ports - powered and unpowered . unpowered ports can not supply power to the devices and are rather rare . you identify them easily - connect the smartphone to them and see if it starts charging . if it starts charging the port is powered and you are okay .
instead of widget use apps like data switch . unlike widget this app does not consume resource when idle . there are tons of other apps/widget if you do not like this one or this one does not work for you . for eg : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.aispl.mdsswitch https://market.android.com/details?id=ru.chernish2 https://market.android.com/details?id=com.m039.tools https://market.android.com/details?id=com.myreallife.mobiledata https://market.android.com/details?id=com.datalinkswitch
as i mentioned my phone was connected to the laptop . that was causing the problem . on my laptop mobilego ( pc suit for android ) services were running . when mobilego detected the device it tried to connect with it . which was actually interrupting the installation process . from my task manager i stopped the mobilgo services and the installation went through .
try the app stayawake , it should work for galaxy s ii too .
keep screen on during calls that setting is not available on all phones , but if it was it would be under : home > settings > call settings > [ display > ] . . . but as for the difficulty turning the screen on be sure that the power button does not end calls ( settings > accessibility > power button ends call : make sure it is unchecked ) then just pull the phone away and press the power button to turn the screen on .
there are some apps who have this feature , like switch off , reboot and etc . one of them is notification toggler , this app isnt particularly for switch off and reboot stuff , but you can do that also . : ) edit:: i think you have to root your device to use reboot and shutdown , you can not do it without root unless applications are signed with the system firmware key . and playstore applications are not that kind of applications that are signed with that . edit 2: to root your device , check out these links , link 1 link 2 link 3
keep usb debugging on and it should work fine .
i think you have misunderstood what vibration mode is . the sound control has three settings:- sound on : the phone will ring and vibrate normally . you can turn vibration on or off for each notification individually in that app 's settings . vibrate : the phone will still vibrate , but not make noise . in this state , any notification that would make a sound will vibrate instead . if the notification would have vibrated , it still does . silent : notifications and incoming calls will not cause vibration or noise . any notifications which have vibration enabled by the app will vibrate in either sound on or vibration mode : only silent mode will disable vibration . also , if vibrate when ringing is turned on in settings → sound , then incoming calls will make the phone vibrate in sound on mode as well as in vibration mode .
twonky media , who make the very good twonky dlna server for pcs , have released a twonky server app for android , this should allow you to share content ( videos , music , pictures ) that are stored on your phone to network attached dlna compatible devices on your network ( eg windows media player on windows 7 , xbox 360 , ps3 , specialised set-top boxes , some new tvs ) . also , i do not know if it is carrier specific but my samsung galaxy s came with the allshare app ( which i have not used yet ) that claims to be a dlna server and client . can not find it in the market , so i assume its samsung only .
i asked this question to a friend and he suggested the audiomanager widget . it allows you to control volumes for alarm , media , alerts , ringer , system , and voice calls independently . it also allows you to toggle vibrate for alerts and ringer independently . so far , it seems to be a solid app .
stock android widgets are not re-sizable ( although this is supposedly a feature that will be coming soon ) . if you can re-size some of them one of two things is going on : either the developer of the widget made it that way , or samsung implemented this ability to work for some widgets . in the case of the latter they probably had to set it up specifically for the widgets that do it , so it is unlikely that any you find on the market are going to be re-sizable via touchwiz . however , you do have another option . launcher pro is a homescreen replacement app on the market ; the paid version ( yes the free version is misleadingly called launcher pro ) offers resizing widgets as one of the added features . to my knowledge that would work for any widget regardless of how the developer made it . so if you are willing to put a couple bucks into it , you can re-size any widget that you want .
a rom for the htc one will not work on the htc one x+ . despite the name similarity , they are completely different phones , with different hardware inside . ( the htc one x+ has a tegra 3 soc , while the htc one has a snapdragon . ) if you want to install a " stock android " rom on this phone , you will have to find one first , and as there is not a google play edition for the one x+ , this is very unlikely to exist . you might be best with a custom rom that does not have many customizations . generally , custom roms do not update over the air : you need to reflash whenever you want to upgrade to the latest version .
you could also use a browser based remote desktop tool like airdroid or remote web desktop
for some reason you are not successfully replacing the stock recovery ( the " yellow exclaimation-mark icon over a phone icon" ) with the new one they instruct you to download . step 7 is key : 7 ) type fastboot flash recovery recovery.img this is where they have you ' flash ' ( copy/format ) the modified recovery over the stock recovery . is this step working for you ? simply copying the ' rectools . tar . gz ' to your device 's storage or sd card is not sufficient . on a separate note , have you investigated other means of rooting your device besides manually flashing via adb ? my favorite guide is lifehacker 's , and if i read it right you might simply be able to use superoneclick . in any event , as always , tread lightly and read carefully .
in my experience , trebuchet does always reload the list . i just have to wait a couple of seconds . if it really does not , you can go to the applications section in the settings menu , select trebuchet and force stop it . that should force it to drop any state , including the widget list .
as 3rd party apps are acceptable , there are some available which look promising . not sure , though , that they completely fulfill the request , they should still be worth a look : go contacts ex -- from the well-known go-team , and with an excellent rating . feature list mentions two things : " smart dialing " ( just type a part of the number , and it will be found ) -- and " speed dial " . the former is not what you look for , the latter is probably something like " favorites on 0 to 9" . dw contacts and phone and dialer promises the dialer " has many options to make it exactly to your wishes " exdialer offers " speed dial " and promises a lot of flexibility dialer one is also worth a try -- feature-rich , high rated and regularly updated angel dialer seems to be highly configurable ( and again is high rated ) eir fast dialer -- as the name suggest , this one promises fast dialing , and seems a promising candate indeed as said , i cannot promise any of those will do exactly what you wish . but having checked many of them , these seem to be the best candidates . personally , i am not initiating too many calls , so i am still contend with the default dialer . . .
i have found the problem ; i had just one track by this artist in another album , and it was tagged " the chromatics " . " chromatics " and " the chromatics " were probably ( rightfully ) considered as the same artist , but android did not pick the right one out of the two to display . i have edited this track 's artist tag and now every track by this artist appears correctly tagged .
that would be a contradiction in terms : in order to disable permissions on-the-fly , root permissions are required -- no way around that . for non-root users , there is only a different approach : take the .apk apart before installing , manipulate the Manifest ( remove unwanted permission 's requests ) , re-assemble the .apk , and then install the modified package . unwanted side-effect : no direct updates , as the signature on the package breaks this way . an app doing this is e.g. apktool , available for windows , mac and linux .
by installing androzip my problem is getting resolved : )
there are many "*2sd " methods , and they generally involve root access . my personal favorite is link2sd . it uses symlinks , which take up ( practically ) no space . the actual program , data , libraries , etc are stored on a second partition on your sd card . this comes with the downside of actually having to create two partitions on your sd card ( meaning it will have to be formatted ) . if you have root , you likely have a custom recovery installed that can automatically partition your sd card . the upside of multiple partitions is that you can mount your sd card when plugged into a computer without causing the apps to disappear from your device . this is because only one partition is actually unmounted from android and mounted on the computer , and the other partition holding your apps is never unmounted .
what needs to be done is to bundle the boot . img and construct a new zip file suitable for flashing via clockworkmod or twrp . pre-requisites : a linux environment that has the usual development packages , such as java installed . ( it can also apply to other platforms , just be careful that the instructions here indicating the path used below , uses a forward slash / , so flip that around to be a back slash \ for windows environment especially ! ) adb command line tool installed . `testsign . jar ' tool , for signing the zip file so that the recovery can authenticate and verify it is a valid archive otherwise recovery will report corrupt archive or similar . update-binary command line application , that is internal for usage with the flashable script . ( this can be found with any flashable zip , the important thing is to extract that binary and deposited in the structure of the directory as shown ) zip command line tool . assuming your directory is called workdir , for discussion , lets call this the working directory , copy the boot.img into that directory , and create the following directory structure - META-INF/com/google/android , this is important ! and within the META-INF/com/google/android , copy the binary application called update-binary into that directory . so the directory structure should be like this : as for the updater-script , copy the contents of the following below : remember : do not get confused here , the updater-script as shown , should be left alone and as-is , so do not try flip the forward-slash to a back slash if doing this under windows environment . go back to the parent of the directory structure , i.e. outside of workdir and do the following , we are going to create a zip file from this : zip -r my_custom_flashable_boot_unsigned.zip workdir/ which is a recursive function , this will zip up everything into the file called my_custom_flashable_boot_unsigned . zip . finally , to sign the zip file , issue this : java -classpath testsign.jar testsign my_custom_flashable_boot_unsigned.zip my_custom_flashable_boot_signed.zip  then its a matter of pushing that across the sdcard as in adb push my_custom_flashable_boot_signed.zip /sdcard/ and manually go into recovery and specify that zip archive ( i.e. . my_custom_flashable_boot_signed . zip ) in which it will perform the flashing for you .
i am currently on cyanogenmod 4.0.4 and dutch has been added . i do not know where it came from , but it works like a charm .
using nfc enabled phone like nexus s one can read nfc data exchange format ( ndef ) message content present in nfc tags . gingerbread ( i.e. . android 2.3 ) is capable of reading ndef format which is specified by nfc forum type 2 specification . nfc operates in the 13.56 mhz frequency range . nfc , is a subset of rfid that limits the range of communication to within a few centimeters . based on what i read and understood , my guess is nexus s should be able detect nfc tags and not the rfid . may be in later releases hardware would be capable enough to do that as well ! edit : here 's some additional info . edit2: android blog states following are the new nfc related features in android 2.3.3: a comprehensive nfc reader/writer api that lets apps read and write to almost any standard nfc tag in use today . advanced intent dispatching that gives apps more control over how/when they are launched when an nfc tag comes into range . some limited support for peer-to-peer connection with other nfc devices .
google+ messenger does require the background data checkbox to receive messages/updates while it is not the active app . however your messages should be sent instantly since the app would be active then . are you experiencing delays with other messengers using background data as well ? e.g. whatsapp a good discussion about background data , sync etc can be read here
you are right i just played with trying to set a dropbox image as my wallpaper , and can not believe that there is not an easier way . part of the problem seems to be that if you open a dropbox image , it is not sent to the gallery or the system default image viewer ( which would let you do things like set as wallpaper ) but dropbox uses its own ( html ? ) viewer . there are feature requests in dropbox 's " votebox " that are requesting features that would fix this . it is probably worth heading over there and letting them know that you had like this feature , this option looks like the most likely ( but you can just go to votebox and search for android to see all the relevant ones ) : add dropbox photos to android gallery update : if you download photos from dropbox , they do appear in the gallery in a folder called " photos " . now that they are in the gallery , you can set them as wallpaper the same as normal . you might need to force the media scanner to start before they will show up in the gallery , this previous question has options for forcing that to run .
if you follow the method found in the lifehacker article , you would indeed need to root your phone , which would mean that you would not be able to receive ota updates , unless you were to later un-root your phone , going back to the stock firmware ( rom ) . you would not necessarily lose your current settings , but you would have trouble upgrading to jelly bean via an ota upgrade unless you un-rooted , as mentioned above . i am sure you would have to unlock your bootloader as well , prior to rooting , although i am not really familiar with your particular model of phone .
good question . i am do not see an obvious way to do that to solve your problem on all websites . however , there just so happens to be a few xkcd viewer apps . i use this one which has a menu > hover text option . edit : this seems like a reasonable thing to try for link hover text , but it does not work for me on the default htc incredible browswer : tap any white empty space near to the link you want to hover over . now move your trackball up/down until it selects the link . don’t click it . there ! the tooltip now appears . simple solution . :- ) i saw this suggested here .
nike+ lets you select privacy options for your sharing . public , social , private
there are different mechanisms to store data in an android application that do not need the sd card access permission . you can create databases , store application parameters , create files on the internal storage . all these will not require any specific permissions and these data are accessible only by the application that created them . on the other side , if an application needs the sd card permission it may be because it as a very large amount of data to store or that it wants to modify/add/remove files such as in a file manager . but for important application specific data , the sd card if not recommended because it could be removed at anytime ( or mounted as a usb drive ) and not available to the applications . i think a lot of applications that ask sd access permission could use another type of data storage that would not require that . moreover , files created on the sd by an app will not be removed upon un-installation of the app but all other types of internal data storage will be . so to me it would be a better development practice not to use the sd if not required , and as you mentioned it would not scare people away like apps that access the whole sd .
Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; Market -&gt; Clear data
as far as you have cyanogenmod , you can do it ; ) follow the below settings menus : settings-> cyanogenmod settings-> interface -> status bar tweaks -> than make sure status bar brightness control is checked .
it would almost certainly void your warranty , even if you somehow managed to do it without rooting . they also probably would not work -- 2.3 introduced several features that are not present in 2.2 . and apart from google apps , many apps like gallery/etc . are device specific .
yes , you can , but not through the same steps as on android 4.0+ devices . once your phone is rooted , run the following commands to change adb to tcp mode and restart the adb daemon ( note that you can pick the port number , i am sticking with the default of 5555 ) : $ su # setprop service.adb.tcp.port 5555 # stop adbd # start adbd  you can run the first three commands over adb shell , but will need to start adbd again from a terminal on the phone itself ( i had strange problems when doing otherwise ) . you can now disconnect the usb cable if you want to , and you can connect to the phone over tcp/ip : mycomputer$ adb connect 10.26.5.215 connected to 10.26.5.228:5555  ( if you are using a non-default port you will need to specify it : adb connect 10.26.5.215:5556 ) i have tested this on a samsung galaxy ace ( gt-s5830i ) and a galaxy s ( gt-i9000 ) , and installing apks and running instrumentation tests are working .
the solution : i just had to be signed into facebook in chrome .
if you want to connect to your home pc from your phone , there is connectbot
the video codecs are limited to what is supported by the device . this suggests that the codecs are in firmware and not software codecs like you are used to on the computer . this means you will probably need to use something like handbrake to convert your videos to the phone . unless there are in the h264 or 3gp formats that all android phones support . reference : act1 video player faq
edit : nevermind . turns out the rom manager installation on cm9 was not actually up to date , and apparently my backups were not all named consistently . it seems that rom manager uses the format : yyyy-mm-dd-hh . nn . ss while cwm recovery uses the format : yyyy-mm-dd . hh . nn . ss which is why they did not seem to sort correctly . updating and making the names consistent solved the issue .
i have figured it out , had to enable mtp mode under settings => storage - > settings button on top right -> usb computer connection and then enable mtp from there .
no you cannot , that is done at build/compile of the source of the said android version whatever that may be . when the source gets compiled via . build/envsetup.sh  this is setting up the environment , and that reads in the potential devices via boardconfig . mk within each device/product directory . its when lunch gets executed , the menu shows like this the above is the example of building the rom for the zte blade , notice how userdebug and eng is prefixed !
it is an lg bug exposed by a recent google chrome change : http://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/chrome/-ns44h44aqs%5b1-25-true%5d
there are plenty of apps on play supporting that already . the first coming to my mind is paw server , which allows that and many more things ( basically , you can remote-administrate your device via wifi with this app ) . other , similar apps might offer the remote-ring as well . several anti-theft apps for example .
you want to enable wireless isolation mode . on the linksys this is called ap isolation . from wirelessisolation . com : wireless isolation , sometimes called client isolation , is a setting on a wireless router . when this setting is enabled it prevents a computer that is connected to the network by a wireless connection from accessing computers and resources that are connected to the network by a wired connection . it will also prevent one wirelessly connected device from connecting to another wirelessly connected device . in essence isolating that device on the wireless network . this is used as a method of security so that you can provide both wired and wireless connection through the same network without opening up secured computers and resources to potentially unwanted visitors . this can be very helpful in businesses that have a wireless hotspot located in their lobby for example . without wireless isolation anyone on a wireless internet connection in a wifi hotspot would not only have full access to the computers and resources in the company’s network , but also to the various wireless devices that were using the wifi hotspot at that time . most wireless router makers will support wireless isolation in one form or another , if you already have a router and are curious to see if it comes with wireless isolation or not you can check your products manual , or log into your router and check the security tab .
i clicked format on the device , causing the sd card to show up again in windows . format thankfully did not actually format it - in the sense that it did not wipe the data . i only know this because i have installed the demo of zar , which has found image and video files to recover . my options now are to either buy the full version of zar , on the assumption that if it recovered images and video the other data is intact , or to find an alternative program that is free . edit : i am currently running photorec , which contrary to its name , has so far found mp3 files and a txt file to recover . i am hoping it is also able to read obscure or non existent file extensions , so that apps which had decided to locate themselves on the sd card can be recovered .
the second partition should be fat32/fat16 only because gingerbread does not support linking to ext partitions .
samsung modifed the modem component of android and it is buggy in galaxy s . the solution is to root the phone and replace the modem part of it .
it seems that this can be done with aptoide server and the same android app for client . on server side you just copy all apks and generate the xml file via aptoide server script . user then installs this app , adds your repository and downloads/installs the apk .
technically , cwm 6 is not doing incremental or full backups . what it is doing is storing " blobs " that are shared between backups if the data has not changed between the two . when you run a new backup , it reuses what it can . if you delete a backup set , you do not actually delete the data , and the next time you run a backup , cwm deletes any blobs no longer in use .
i have not found any app . but using a terminal emulator on a rooted phone with busybox i can use : netstat -p ( or any other command 's argument needed ) .
the prompt for the password is probably caused by one of those apps . try to remember the password you may have used for them . or else please provide a list of the apps you have tried . ( this can be achieved by going to the google play website and clicking on my apps . as a last resort you can restore your phone to it is factory settings by entering the recovery . to boot into the recovery press and hold power and volume up
seem to be an android bug . i found this in the android bug tracker . https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=42520q=summary%3abluetooth%20type%3adefectsort=-starscolspec=id%20type%20status%20owner%20summary%20stars
this system bar is part of android , and is used when the device does not have any hardware buttons to press . as such , it cannot be hidden . it should not , however , impact upon gameplay - this is an issue with the app , and you should contact the app developer to have it fixed .
there seems to be multiple options available . with a relevant internet search there is an application called bump which shares files by simply bumping both devices together . i am not sure if it does it over wifi if available or only does it over 3g . there is another option where you can set up an ftp server on the device using an application called swiftp which is not being maintained anymore but the last update was june 2010 . you can install this on one device and use es file explorer on the other device to compress and upload the file it using the ftp option . a third option would be use hoccer which probably uses their service as dropbox does , though i can not be 100% sure . i would personally recommend the ftp solution since that seems the most straight forward and you get to ensure that you have a direct connection .
the latest version of swype beta ( or at least the version before the most recent version ) is a bit more self-sustained . all i had to do when i updated was to go to the swype installer app . it had an update for itself . after updating , it then presented an option for me to update swype and stepped me through the process , including disabling , updating , and then re-enabling swype . now the old way of updating swyped used to be you had to uninstall the current version and it is installer , then re-install the installer , then re-install swype . it seems as if they have improved on this former method ( that often had me raging because it would not generate the license file correctly ) .
you have not specified the android version , but on tablets the difference is generally because the system bar ( or " combined bar" ) is 48px ( specifically , 48dpi , but in your case that is 48 real pixels ) and the apps are only considering available screen space when they report the resolution : portrait = 768 x ( 976 + 48 ) = 768 x 1024 landscape = 1024 x ( 720 + 48 ) = 1024 x 768 some references : what is the true available resolution of a 10.1 android tablet ? asus tf101 tablet status bar steals 48 pixels metrics and grids ( from developer.android.com; explains why 48 dpi was chosen for ui components )
it turns out that the location or link to the external sdcard has moved from /sdcard/external_sd to /extsdcard , while the /sdcard/external_sd was blank . so i thought that the card was not mounted , but in fact it was .
most samsung apps will not work on cyanogenmod because they are touchwiz-based . cyanogenmod is aosp-based . you would need to flash a stock rom , or any custom rom that is touchwiz-based .
most samsung android phones and tablets can be restored back to " stock " firmware via odin or heimdal tools . this wipes all traces of rooting or any other kind of system alterations , and in most cases is sufficient for sending the device in for in-warranty servicing to the carrier of manufacturer . however , with the galaxy s2 series of devices samsung introduced a hidden " flash counter " which keeps track of how many times such a tool has been used . a community developer actually found where this information is stored and created an app that allows you to reset the counter . unfortunately the app only works on ics ( android 4 . x ) right now . see this thread on xda-developers forum for more details .
since you are rooted , you might be able to bypass activation permanently by killing the phone dialer app . this involves removing ( or renaming ) Phone.apk . i can at least confirm that this works on a droid 1 . definitely make sure you have a backup made prior to editing your system this way . you can rename Phone.apk with an app like root explorer , or with the terminal app by mounting the system partition as rewritable . this also works if you have set up ssh : su mount -o rw,remount /system cd /system/app mv Phone.apk Phone.apk.old pm uninstall Phone.apk  that disables the cdma adapter and gets rid of the activation screen that always comes up on boot . it should also save you a little battery life too , since it is one less app , and one less adapter turned on . you might get an error when you rename the file , but after rebooting ( forcefully , if necessary ) everything should be fine .
it is widely believed that the nexus 7 's magnetic sensor works in an almost-identical fashion to ipads ' smart cover ; i could not find direct information about the n7 , but ifixit has a great teardown of the ipad smart cover that goes into detail of how it works . the nexus 7 has a magnetic sensor that can tell when a magnet of sufficient pull force is nearby . the sensor is located under the screen near the pogo plug on the bottom-lefthand corner , estimated to be 45mm up from the bottom left corner and 15mm in from the left side .
see the section on automatic aggregation of contact data in the using the contacts api from the technical resources on the android developers site . as the article explains : when a raw contact is added or modified , the system looks for matching ( overlapping ) raw contacts with which to aggregate it . it may not find any matching raw contacts , in which case it will create an aggregate contact that contains just the original raw contact . if it finds a single match , it creates a new contact that contains the two raw contacts . and it may even find multiple similar raw contacts , in which case it chooses the closest match . two raw contacts are considered to be a match if at least one of these conditions is met : they have matching names . their names consist of the same words but in different order ( for example , "Bob Parr" and "Parr, Bob" ) one of them has a common short name for the other ( for example , "Bob Parr" and "Robert Parr" ) one of them has just a first or last name and it matches the other raw contact . this rule is less reliable , so it only applies if the two raw contacts are also sharing some other data like a phone number , an email address or a nickname ( for example , Helen ["elastigirl"] = Helen Parr ["elastigirl"] ) at least one of the two raw contacts is missing the name altogether and they are sharing a phone number , an email address or a nickname ( for example , Bob Parr [incredible@android.com] = incredible@android.com ) . when comparing names , the system ignores upper/lower case differences (Bob=BOB=bob) and diacritical marks (H\xe9l\xe8ne=Helene) . when comparing two phone numbers the system ignores special characters such as "*" , "#" , "(", ")" , and whitespace . also if the only difference between two numbers is that one has a country code and the other does not , then the system considers those to be a match ( except for numbers in the japan country code ) automatic aggregation is not permanent ; any change of a constituent raw contact may create a new aggregate or break up an existing one . the article then goes on to explain the various modes that an application can assign to the raw contacts that it creates . depending on the mode , the system will either : automatically aggregate the contact as similarities are found with other contacts . where similarities no longer exist , these aggregations will be removed . never aggregate the contact with any other . perform no further aggregation on a contact , even if that contact changes such that it would be taken out of an aggregate group . aside from this automatic aggregation , applications are also allowed to manually set up aggregate contacts . in these cases , the algorithm depends on the application . finally , you may manually join contacts in the people app by editing one of a pair of contacts , and selecting Join from the overflow menu .
i reinstalled cm7 on a spare htc desire to check the procedure : long press on spare space of homescreen select " widgets " select " renderfx widget " choose color ( night , red , etc . ) place widget . results in a toggle switch widget :
just to add closure to this question , i finally resolved it by downloading an Mms.apk from a different aosp ics build rom . it seems the one that came with the rom i am using has some issues . using the Mms.apk from another rom fixed it for me .
i leave it off so that i can review the list of pending updates and see what changed . of course , that only helps for the apps that list changes in the market description . every once in a while , developers do release updates that are a step backwards- either because of introducing bugs or major redesigns that lose features ( astrid , i am looking at you ) . if you wait long enough before updating , then you may be alerted to that situation via comments .
one option : install adw launcher as your home application and set it as default from your home screen press Menu Button-&gt;More-&gt;ADWSettings to open adw 's settings select UI Settings-&gt;Main Dock Style-&gt;None to hide the bottom bar optionally , you can also select Screen Preferences-&gt;Hide StatusBar to hide the status bar at the top , which effectively makes your home take up the entire screen .
there are so many out there so it is very hard to say . personally i have only used rockplayer . it is very good . plays all modern media files , functions very smoothly without any hiccups . another popular one that is been getting some traction is vplayer . i do not see much different between the two . . . vplayer is new to the game so the features are still coming . personally give them a go and see what you like best .
recommendation questions are not allowed here , but i will give this a shot because i have already encountered this feature . ezpdf reader supports this . assuming you have a table of contents ( toc ) , clicking on a chapter link will take you to a page far from the toc . if you click on the button encircled below , it will take you back to the toc .
if you used full-disk encryption , then your data will be accessible until the device unmounted the encrypted disk ( e . g . by rebooting ) and discarded the decryption key . if you store your sensitive data in encrypted container , then your data will be accessible until the application closes the container and discarded the decryption key . if you do not use any encryption , then your data is naked in the wild . many thiefs are simply interested to sell the phone to make a quick buck and so will simply reformat the phone ; but if the thief has a specific intent to steal your data ( e . g . corporate espionage , identity thief , etc ) , then you can assume that they can read all your unencrypted data . if your phone uses sd card ( instead of internal memory ) , then getting to your data in the sd card is trivial . getting data in internal memory took a little bit more effort , but is still relatively easy . a turned off device with full-disk-encryption is -- for all practical purpose -- a useless brick for your adversary .
the app drawer is a part of the launcher app , so you can replace it simply by switching to a different launcher . just install a new launcher of your choice that works the way you like .
since this has been open for a week , i decided to post my workaround and the other details i found as an answer . mods , please do not close other similar questions , because this is not an actual answer , just a hotfix that might help someone later . just wanted to update : 1 ) found a workaround using the vlc player ( still in beta ) to open the files . 2 ) after going back to google basics and figuring out a better way to ask , it looks like it might be an issue with variable bit rates ; unfortunately , when i downloaded an app to fix that , it came back telling me that based on the file tags , it thinks they are constant bit rate and not variable . i am way outside my area of focus on this one , but tl ; dr is that the file on the device is not corrupt , as i can get it to play with the vlc app .
i have a similarly sized contact list and i have found that the voice dialer is both slow to load and slow to find responses on my moto droid ( on 2.0 , 2.1 and 2.2 ) . i stopped using the voice dialer and started using voice search ( aka . voice actions ) by saying " call jane smith mobile . " i have found voice search to open quickly and to find contacts quickly . both of those apps came preloaded on my phone and are from google . while i do not know the architecture of either app it would make sense to me that the voice dialer would be affected by the size of the contact list more directly than the voice search app .
yes . according to the guide here on sideloading apps onto your kindle fire hd it should work fine . you will need to allow the installation of apps from unknown sources which can be done in the device menu . note that for certain apps , including chrome , that need a google account you will need to download and install the google framework and to reboot your device . i will provide a quick summary of the link that explains side loading : the first thing you need to do is install a file manager app . i personally use file expert , but you can use whatever works for you . next you need to get the app file . you can find it by searching on google : ( app name ) apk . so in this case you would search ' chrome apk ' , there is plenty of links from that . once you have those , navigate to the downloads folder with the file manager , and tap the . apk file . click install , and you are set ! you can find the app in apps> device , it will not be in cloud .
android assigns each application a uid ( user id ) at install time ; unlike pid ( process id ) which is transient and keeps changing all the time , uid stays constant as long as the application is not reinstalled . the uid should be unique to each application , except when the application explicitly requests to share a userid with another application ( there are security restrictions around this , the two applications must be signed with the same private key , i.e. comes from the same developer ) . these applications claims to show uid of applications : https://market.android.com/details?id=redfishandroid.appexplorer https://market.android.com/details?id=com.sayhello2theworld.te edit : try looking at /data/system/packages.xml ( you need root to view this file ) , each installed application should have an entry there . say , i have adobe reader installed in my phone : my phone have assigned userId="10034" to adobe reader . for applications that have requested to share user id with another application , say handcent : then the attribute you are looking for is sharedUserId="10064"
you can find proper tools to unpack boot , recovery , system and data images here : mtk-tools thread of the author on xda developers , thank him : ) usage : ./unpack-MT65xx.pl boot.img ./repack-MT65xx.pl -boot &lt;kernel&gt; &lt;ramdisk-directory&gt; boot.img 
yes , blocked contacts can still see your online status .
the prime uses a proprietary cable , but it supports a usb connection to a computer via that cable ( which you can see in this image from engadget which i posted in another question ) . the fact that the connector is not a micro usb port has no bearing on whether or not you can connect over usb ( see : every samsung tablet ) .
yes , it can . gsm and later phone protocols automatically adjust the phone 's transmit power according to the strength of the signal it gets from the cell tower . it is just like how , if you are talking to someone and you can not hear them very well ( because they are a long way away , or in a noisy environment ) , you will tend to talk louder or shout , but if you can hear them clearly ( they are right next to you ) , you will talk more quietly . the phone works the same way . of course , for the phone , " talking more loudly " means putting more power into its transmitter , so the battery will be drained faster . if you switch to a network that has cell towers further away from where you spend most of your time , your phone will be using more transmit power more often , so it will use energy more quickly . note that it is the received strength that matters ( i.e. . how much attenuation there is ) , not the quality of the signal , so you may find this happens even if you get a better signal overall . cell handover , when you move from one cell to the next one , also takes more power , and your new network 's better internet speed might be a result of having denser cells in your area , leading to more handovers . finally , the worst thing for a phone is being completely out of range , because it has to periodically transmit on the maximum power to try to get a response from a cell tower . ( this is why it is especially important to turn your phone off for a flight : once the plane gets out of cell range , all the phones will start blaring out as loudly as they can . ) it is possible that your new network 's coverage is much better at your home and your office , but during your commute , you have not noticed that you leave the service area completely , and so your phone starts draining the battery then . in summary , there are lots of factors , so it is hard to predict the effect of changing network operator , but it can have an effect . of course , that does not stop it being a coincidence in your case .
samsung 's kies software is the official way to download and install updates . these updates are released on different dates for different countries and networks and some countries/networks do not have all updates . it may be that your network has not tested and certified the update yet , or they might not be releasing this version at all . this page lists most of the official updates available via kies for the galaxy s2 i9100 phone : http://devsrom4android.blogspot.com/2011/10/samsung-galaxy-s2-firmware-updates-via.html
maybe it is not the whole answer but two things seem to have made a big difference : one , my captivate was recently upgraded to froyo officially . the new youtube app seems to perform remarkably better . two , and this is the really interesting bit , i switched from wpa on 802.11g to wpa2 on 802.11n , and my wifi speeds went from ~200-300k to 4-5m . not sure exactly why but it is definitely something to consider if you see performance problems in an app that relies on the network . . .
actually the predictive search from the address bar sends the text you enter to google to provide the search predictions . for example , if you start to type " search " and get to " sea " it suggests " sears " , " seattle times " , " sean parker " etc . . .
thus far , there appears to be no answer . the best alternative appears to be that you can log into gmail on a pc and add your new contact to an existing group . will change the answer to this question if a valid answer pops up .
the xda article how to - connect nexus 4 to xp like mtp device describes the steps needed for windows xp as follows : connect your nexus to pc . go to my computer> properties> device manager and double click on mtp device go to details and copy ( ctr+c ) info like ( usb\vid_18d1 and pid_4ee2 and mi_00 ) ( you can copy it from here too , if it is identically ) unplug nexus from pc . go to c:\windows\inf folder ( it is hidden ) find a file " wpdmtp . inf " and open it with any text editor ( notepad ) modify or paste ( ctrl+p ) what did you copy at step "3" as bottom i showed . save and close the file . connect your nexus to pc go to device manager and update mtp driver . tick chekbox " install the software automatically ( recomenden ) " on driver installation dialog and install driver . wait for a moment and you can see nexus 4 like an mtp device . now you should see the mtp device , and be able to transfer files to it . hope this solves your issue : )
google voice is responsible for these ; they are sent by default . see in the settings : you can uncheck this box and google voice will refrain from sending you sms transcripts of your voicemails from then on . also note , unchecking the box above titled Email the message to: only prevents email transcripts , not sms ones .
this problem is quite known for sometime for touchscreen devices . most of the times this happens when the screen is under some pressure during touchscreen recalibration after being woken up by the incoming call ( maybe being inside pocket , etc . ) . the only solution for you is to disable the option , power button instantly ends call by going into Settings -&gt; Accessibility -&gt; System if your screen becomes unresponsive to a call , just press the power button ( to lock your screen ) , press it again and unlock the screen ( with your pattern or pin , etc . ) then you will be able to answer the call . this solution is applicable to any situation where the screen is unresponsive .
as far as android sdk documentation goes : hence theoretically speaking , if the app developer had used appropriate methods this app should work normally . in that sense , i do not think you have any better way other than reporting this to the app developer . rooting your nexus 7 does not going to solve this issue - in my opinion . update : i sent an email to the support team of the app developer quoting this question . i received a reply as : Thank you for your information. We have filed the issue with engineering team. We'll try our best to fix them ASAP.  which in my opinion supports my assumption .
sorry , have not updated this in a while . since i was only using the free 2gb microsd bundled with the phone , this was causing the problem . so i purchased a 16gb , this fixed the issue . thanks !
each slot refers to a specific clock speed that your phone 's kernel allows ( in your case , 400mhz to 1.1 ghz ) . therefore , these clock speeds can vary between different kernels ( different values or even more slots ) . in the case of the droid x or droid 2 , you are stuck with the stock kernel due to the locked bootloader . i am more familiar with using setcpu . setcpu lets you manually choose which clock speeds you want your phone to run at . you choose a min clock speed , a max clock speed , and how you want it to scale ( ondemand , performance , etc . ) . you can also setup profiles with setcpu that allows your phone to run at certain clock speeds under certain conditions . for example , you would want to lower you clock speed when the phone 's screen is turned off . you may also want to lower the clock speed when your battery is below a certain battery % to try and pro long battery life as long as possible . if you are wanting to conserve more power , set the clock min and max clock speeds low . if you are wanting better performance , then set them higher . on my phone ( droid 1 ) , i use an undervolted kernel and typically run at a 250mhz min , 600 mhz max clock speed to conserve battery . if my answer does not fully answer your questions , leave a comment and i will try to help you further .
according to this forum thread and this bug report , it seems that there has been a regression regarding usb modes in the kernel used in 4,3 ( the version that you posted ) . it seems that there is a problem with that kernel specifically , but nothing else in the rom , that breaks usb host mode in some cases . there are a few possible solutions : flash a different android version . an update to 4.4.2 should fix things ( as it did for you ) . flash an alternative , third-party kernel and try your luck . you mileage may vary .
look under settings > wireless and networks . you should see a vpn option . assuming you already have a vpn server running on your ubuntu machine , it should be pretty self-explanatory from there
simply put , no . web pages are complex to the point where it is effectively impossible to determine what bits are necessary for the page to be usable , readable , maintain the right order , etc . for an arbitrary page . when you couple this with poorly-coded websites containing errors and the like it becomes quite a mess . this is why the two things you mention are not perfect .
you can solve this issue either from the android side or from the windows side : from the android side tap your device " menu " button , and select " settings" ; tap " wireless and networks" ; tap " wi-fi settings" ; tap your device " menu " to bring up extra options and select " advanced" ; tap " use static ip" ; fill in your local network static ip details and dns server details ; tap your device " menu " to bring up extra options and select " save " . from the windows side open the dns management ; add a new forward lookup zone for the google dns and set a host a record to your local ip .
acccording to this xda thread , it does not support glonass they ran gps tests on both galaxy note and htc one x , the former of which does officially support glonass ; and the former showed 2x the amount of detected satellites .
as you described the app icons are placed at the end of the list , the most likely reason lies in the order of things done during the boot process : the sdcard is mounted after the system broadcasts its BOOT_COMPLETED event , so apps moved to the card become visible later than those installed on device storage . with a little unlucky timing , the app drawer is already initialized before mounting of the sdcard is completed , so those apps are added afterwards , and thus to the end of the list ( as it , btw , is probably done as well with apps you install ) . there are multiple solutions to this : of course , you can move those sdcard-installed apps back to device storage , but that is not always an option ( especially with only little device storage available on some devices ) . alternatively , you could simply check a different launcher , as not all launchers behave the way described . many launchers i have tried automatically sort the app drawer , so even when i have just installed a new app it appears normally in alphabetical order .
absolutely . well . . . almost . just make sure you set the partition from rewritable to read-only once you are " unrooted " . however , once you are unrooted , binaries like su and the superuser apk will in all probability removed , so you will in effect be dropped to a lower privilege level . this will have the side-effect of having the apps installed in the system partition as being uninstallable . a workaround is to remove/uninstall apps from the system partition , remove root and then add the apps as user apps - this will ensure that they can be updated in the future without the need for root .
well , i have solved the issue , though i have no idea why or how it occurred . what i did was flash the rom , including reformatting the internal storage . in the process , i have updated the tablet to ics . i will not accept this answer right away because i am not sure if someone might have experienced this recently and knows a bit more about it than i do .
should be an hardware issue . in my case was the oxidation of the motherboard cause by the sweat cuase i kept the phone on my arms while i was running .
it is supposed to represent a hearing aid , and it means that hearing aid compatibility is enabled . afaik , this basically just increases call volume to make it easier to hear . it should go away if you go into the call settings and disable the hearing aid option . it'll either be something like Settings-&gt;Calls or pressing the menu button on the dialer to get into the call settings ( i think it varies some ) . supporting source , second source
as you already figured out , there is sshelper hosting its own .apk . but you might also wish to check with f-droid , and find out there are even more sshd 's to download without using google play store . edit : as it turns out , i was not aware f-droid also features forums , and the above are only forum links . to compensate : you can also find some ssh server apps on 1mobile , e.g. ssh server . the website allows you to simply download the .apk from your browser , no login required . other than with f-droid , i am not sure concerning their reputation , though . apart from that : in my experience , it is always worth checking the resp . dev 's website , where they sometimes host their own .apk files for download . if not , asking them helped me as well : )
answer : i was using the cable that samsung provided with the phone solution : go get a usb&lt ; > miniusb cable that was provided with a digital slr a few years back and use that instead . the s4 now appears in the adb output and in kies just fine . &lt ; sarcasm&gt ; thankyou samsung&lt ; /sarcasm&gt ;
there is nothing dangerous about it , and this is done occasionally when the store is not accessible . in response to your second question , apks are not unique - and can be easily transferred to another device , or the internet . this is the base of android app piracy . when you upload the apk to google play , gplay does nothing to it . it is up to the developer to obfuscate the code , to prevent decompilation .
essentially , you can not . this feature was removed from the 4.0 version of google talk , and is discussed somewhat in the android police review of the changes from 2.3 to 4.0 . there is no setting that will bring back the icons . however , when you have a chat open with someone ( provided that they do not have a custom status message set ) it will inform you at the top if they are on a mobile device : my hunch would be that google does not really want you to care about this when you are on your phone . they want the google talk app to be as seamless and integrated as possible , and they want you to use it regardless of what device the other person happens to be connected with at the time .
check what input methods your device has by following the screen shots- you should be able to see all installed keyboards by following the guide , and select the one which suits you . or if you do not have much options there , install a new keyboard input method from market or install swype beta by registering here .
this problem was resolved by upgrading to ice cream sandwich
there will only be problems if you rely on background services to do processor intensive tasks . for example , on an older android phone , music running in the background would skip when the cpu was set at a low enough clock rate . so to answer your question , only if it is noticeable to you .
i believe its being caused by a certain combination of buttons at the bottom of the screen . i have not found a workaround , but here is something you can do to , at least not to store images ( its not much , but something ) . it creates a directory " screencaptures " to store images in ; if you delete it , it will be simply recreated . so , instead , in the same directory , create a file with that name . every time a screen is captured , it will complain that it cannot be stored , so at least you will not have to worry about deleting those images .
you should be able to do this from the settings of the camera app , rather than the system settings .
aha ! ok i am no where near a cellular expert but based on a wild guess i searched for carrier apns and found here a list of apns per carrier per country . i guess these are always required but somehow cyanogenmod is not configured to determine these codes automatically . while this may help others facing the same problem , i hope someone with real insight shares the knowledge
you do not need to root your kindle fire for this -- as long as the following source is still valid : install android marketplace and google apps on amazon kindle fire . as that howto speaks about " android marketplace " ( and not " google play" ) , it may not be up-to-date -- but i doubt the change of the name affected the procedure of installation . a more up-to-date tutorial is install android play store on amazon kindle fire - the easiest way , but that involves rooting the device . maybe it has to do with the framework and a newer android version , which makes rooting a necessary step . edit : you may also want to take a look at these video tutorials : how to install google music / play on your kindle fire ! and gapps on kindle fire without rooting . looks like you can still have google play installed this way without rooting .
google supports photo syncing , but you can disable this . if you have google+ installed , disable auto backup . open the app 's settings , and go to Auto Backup &gt; OFF . disable google photo sync . on your phone 's settings , go to System settings &gt; Accounts &gt; Google &gt; username@gmail.com &gt; Sync Picasa Web albums . make sure sync is disabled . update 2013-11-22: as per damien golding , it is also worth noting that the settings of the camera must be checked . in his case , google photo sync was on in the Albums setting .
( if you have got adb enabled on your tablet and installed on your pc , skip the next two paragraphs ) if you have only been replacing apks , you will need to enable developer settings ( settings -> about tablet -> scroll down to " build number " and tap seven times ) . then , go back , and into the developer options panel , and scroll down to the " debugging " section . enable the " android debugging option " , and plug your tablet into your computer . you will also need the android sdk . after installing it , navigate to the sdk folder , then the ' tools ' subdirectory and run ' android ' . you will need to wait for it to load , and then check the platform tools package . click install , agree to the license , and it will install . open up a command prompt/terminal ( windows : win+r cmd , mac : launchpad -> ' other ' -> terminal , linux : you know how ) , and navigate to the folder your sdk is located in using cd ( i.e. cd C:\Users\bobby\android-sdk or cd /Users/bob/android-sdk ) . then , run platform-tools/adb devices . it should show up your tablet . if it does not try unplugging your tablet and repeat , and then try double-checking that you enabled usb debugging . now , simply run platform-tools/adb logcat , and run the misbehaving apps on the tablet . you should see lots of lovely stacktraces and whatnot .
i took a chance and bought a 32 gb card , class 4 . it works . i believe it is a zap or something . this post suggests 32 gb cards work . i would rather someone on this site said so though .
as previously mentioned it is from go launcher . there is , however a setting to disable it . go to preferences and there should be an option to disable the christmas animation . i can no longer find it in mine but i do know it was there when the animation was appearing .
you will get the best results using the built-in media player/decoder ( called " system player " in rockplayer , iirc ) because it supports hardware decoding . for a list of supported containers and codecs see here : http://developer.android.com/guide/appendix/media-formats.html i would recommend h264/aac inside a mp4 container , like the website recommends , but with your device 's native resolution ( and a higher video bitrate , if necessary ) . though rockplayer 's ffmpeg decoder is able to play almost every media codec , the results will be quite poor ( only software decoding ) .
your three options are probably : downgrade maps use the browser-based google maps ( perhaps in incognito mode if you are paranoid ) use some other map application regarding osm , i think they do not have an official app , so you could also try to use an app that uses their data . the osm web site allows address searches , so that may just not be implemented in the app you are using . there is a bunch of osm compatible apps and their features listed here .
how did you disable the mobile data networks ? did you just erase the apn data ? or did you uncheck it in the settings menu ? at this point , i would suggest doing a factory reset . your problem would likely require more troubleshooting than it is worth to fix . make a backup if possible . google should remember the free apps you have downloaded and re-install them .
your screenshot suggests you simply uninstalled those apps . in tb , hit the menu button , select " batch processing " , scroll to the end of the list . there you will find " delete backups " . second item in that section should read " delete backups of uninstalled apps " ( or the like -- i run a localized version , was just back-translating ) . that should get you rid of those " striked " entries . for more details ( as well as solution to other tb-related issues ) , you might want to visit the titanium backup knowledge base , which provides you with a user 's guide , faq , troubleshooting tips , how-tos , and more . as for the one circled entry , the linked knowledge-base a.o. states : you can easily remove orphan data by running the “remove orphan data” batch job .
the ' power control ' widget has five buttons for turning various functions on and off - including one controlling updating of applications ( the circular one with two arrows on it ) . you can add this widget by long pressing ( press and hold ) somewhere on your home screen , then selecting ' widget ' from the menu that pops up , then ' power control ' . i believe that if you press the ' refresh ' button to turn it off , it should stop applications updating automatically , but they can still be refreshed manually if needed . the widget also has handy buttons for easily turning on and off wifi , bluetooth and gps , and changing screen brightness . it takes up a whole row on the home screen though , so you might need to make some room . edit - the below image shows the power control widget with updating turned on , and all other functions turned off , taken from : htc desire review at android . marvinlee .net:
searching the market , i found rawdroid demo . it says it'll open raw files from dslrs including canon . i have not tried it and it does not seem to have many downloads , so i am not sure if it will work .
you should select your operator 's internet apn from the apn list to enable the mobile data network . if you do not see it , check the settings from your operator and insert it manually from that menu .
it looks like there is an issue with the byte alignment . i found this post : http://www.mail-archive.com/linux-omap@vger.kernel.org/msg20797.html and based on that made the following changes to drivers/usb/gadget/u_ether . c : i can now ping in both directions over the usb . if anyone knows of a better way to address this , please let me know otherwise i will go with this .
/proc/ is a filesystem that contains special files describing the current state of processes and the kernel . /proc/mounts contains information on the current mountpoints . mountpoints are similar drive letters in windows . since there is only one file hierarchy in linux , any file systems that are not the operating system 's fs ( like an sd card , /proc , etc ) need to be grafted onto this solitary tree . details on these graftpoints are accessible by reading /proc/mounts . part of the info that can be retrieved from this file is the current space utilization and capacity of each filesystem . because it is a file system usage utility , this app probably needs this info in order to tell you how much free space there is on the sd card and/or the main os filesystem . serial permission allows the app to grab a unique identifier for for your phone . i am not sure specifically how this app intends to use it .
passmark has a quite comprehensive list of android devices with cpu , memory , storage , 2d graphics and 3d graphics benchmarks . if your device is not on the list , you can use the free app on google play to measure your device ( and contribute to the public list ) .
if you can get to recovery you should be able to flash the full factory image which will restore your phone to completely stock . download the full occam factory image , which includes the full system , bootloader , recovery , kernel ( boot . img ) , and radio . it is a clean slate for these components - they will flash cleanly over anything you have now . you can run the bundled script called flash-all ( in which case it will run all necessary commands for you ) or you can unpack the tgz ( tar/gz ) archive , and then the zip contained within as well . this will put all the components into one folder : then run the following commands : adb reboot bootloader fastboot flash bootloader bootloader* . img fastboot reboot-bootloader fastboot flash radio radio-mako-m9615a-cefwmazm-2.0.1700.84 . img fastboot reboot-bootloader fastboot flash system system . img fastboot flash boot boot . img fastboot format cache fastboot reboot fastboot flash userdata userdata . img note : this command will wipe your device ( including /sdcard ) , even if your bootloader is already unlocked . note : instead of unpacking the image* . zip and flashing system and boot manually , you can actually do fastboot update image* . zip - this will not delete data ( you would pass a -w flag if you wanted that to happen ) , but it will re-flash recovery back to stock if you were running a custom one . you can then flash it back , or just use the commands above instead . either way , the result will be the same .
i fixed the problem by the following steps : clear data of the xpressconnect app , then uninstall it . this step alone did not fix the problem . reboot my nook to recovery mode , and clear/wipe the dalvik cache . restart . to start fresh , i also clear the cache of all my web browsers .
it appears to be a touchwiz/sgs3 feature . a post on xda developers suggests freezing contextawareservice . apk if you had like to disable it , but no way to edit the list . another post suggests that a more recent release ( lfb ) has options related to this ( settings -> accessory -> audio applications ) , but does not expand on whether or not you can edit from there .
summarizing the solution from the comments : the cause of trouble was a corrupted file system : not being able to delete files from the dalvik cache turned out being caused by the system not being able to access them . from the comments : ls /data/dalvik-cache gives me /data/dalvik-cache: I/O error with the trace showing an error to even stat the directory , a wipe showed similar errors in many other places ( as it tried to delete all files and directories recursively ) . so options were to re-format the file system of /data in the hope it was only the file system being corrupted ( and not the block device itself ) . different approaches here . though most of them failed somehow , i will list them all – as on a different device things might look different , and one of them might succeed though it did not here : booting to recovery and issuing a factory-reset ( or with a custom recovery , even directly formatting the affected partitions ) was not a way to go , as it was impossible to even boot into recovery fastboot -w , fastboot format userdata , fastboot format cache had to be sorted out as well , as the device did not boot into fastboot mode luckily , the device was able to be accessed via adb , so adb shell wipe data; adb reboot; failed as described above ( tried to " delete " instead of formatting ) some places mention format CACHE: , format DATADATA: , and format DATA: via adb shell , which initially failed here as format was not a recognized command same for the factory_reset command available on some devices hint : ls /system/bin and ls /system/xbin are pretty helpful to figure what commands are available on the device last resort was to figure the file system parameters via mount ( or checking /init.rc , or other means ) , and then using the corresponding mkfs command to manually re-format the partition . root@android# mount [ … ] /dev/block/nande /data ext4 rw , nosuid , nodev , noatime , user_xattr , barrier=0 , journal_checksum , data=ordered , noauto_da_alloc 0 0 /dev/block/nandh /cache ext4 rw , nosuid , nodev , noatime , user_xattr , barrier=0 , journal_checksum , data=ordered , noauto_da_alloc 0 0 root@android# parted /dev/block/nandh mkfs ext2 # bunch of warnings etc . here , all suggestions approved with " yes " root@android# parted /dev/block/nande mkfs ext2 # same game as with nandh root@android:# e2fsck nande # again confirm to fix each inode returned to the command prompt on the pc : adb reboot  and the device came to the splash , took a few minutes building up the dalvik cache again , and then booted fine ! one thing you might have noticed is a minor difference : mount reported the partitions as ext4 , while tlacaelel then formatted them ext2 . both are variants of extfs , with ext4 definitely being the newer one , so this should not be a real issue . further readings and references : clearing dalvik cache without root ? wipe data/factory reset through adb internal storage partitions screwed up ( this gave the final clues to the op )
yes there was issue with battery drain but they had solved the issue and you can go for 4.1.2 and performance is good .
i have a samsung galaxy s on t-mobile , so ymmv . to use voice entry , i start the navigation application , not maps ; one of the menu options it displays is " speak destination " . navigation was not available on the phone when i first got it ; i first noticed it about a week ago ( i noticed latitude and places arrived at the same time , so might all have been part of the same push ) . edit : to get voice entry in maps , press and hold the search key , which gives you a general search . to search for a location , i use menu > search , then there is a microphone icon on the search bar . in menu > directions , you can focus on either the From or To input boxes , and again you will get the search bar with a microphone icon . if i use menu > directions to speak a location , it works as if i am doing a map search , so i have to go back and select the location again in the directions input box .
hold volume up and back key . have you tried this ?
looking at the developers website it should be as simple as copying the gallery vault backup data folder .thinkyeah/ to your new device 's sd card . you should then be able to install the app on your new device and open the vault with the same password you previously used .
this shows the difference between agps and gps . agps ( assisted gps ) uses a small amount of mobile data to establish a rough location fix ( about 1km-100m accuracy ) based on the cell towers near you . this gives a faster initial location fix than just gps . since you had roaming disabled , agps was not available and getting a location fix on just gps can take a while , especially on some firmware versions of the galaxy s .
the problem was a silly one . when you try to select a wallpaper you are given two choices : full wallpaper for the virtual desktop ( option 1 , scrollable wallpapers ) and a fixed wallpaper ( the second option ) . if you select the second option , it will ask if you want to use the same wallpaper for the lock screen . however , if you select the first one , it will not ask you anything ( because it can not be set ) — ths was the root of the problem . i am assuming that , if you do tap the " do not show this dialog again " can be reset by tapping " clear defaults " in the gallery app .
if the app has never been updated via the market ( you are still using the version that was bundled in the rom ) then there is no link between the market and the installed app . because of that , you will not get update notifications . once you install a newer version from the market you will begin to receive notifications of future updates .
i have spotted that when i put my phone into its dock for the last few days , it now displays a clock ( digital style , with the date below , in ics blue ) on the screen while it is charging . this has happened since the recent android v4.0.4 update for the galaxy nexus . this has also added a " dock " category under the " system " section in settings . this has options to enable a " dock insertion sound " and change audio settings for the dock . exactly what i was looking for !
i rebooted my phone and the problem went away ( i can now see and choose from all installed apps ) . must be a a bug .
yes . few years ago , google apps services were separate from normal google services . even cookies were different and compatible to each other . from last year , all google apps accounts are normal google account ( you will have to sign out from normal google account if you want to sign in with google apps account in a web browser ) . and , it supports android too . i have tested it .
galaxy s2 does not support ota updates . . . so it is unlikely that you will be able to check for updates from your phone . the same " connection failed " error comes to me when i try that in my phone .
i found it ! the answer was in pit file , because as it says here : you will only need to use this if a firmware update needs to change your partition layout ( very very unlikely ) or if you mess up you partition table ( you don’t want to do this ) which is definitely my case . so , i tried that gt-i8190n and gt-i8190 should be used with different pit files ( i tried to use for gt-i8190 one ) . so i found long list of pit files here .
no , you can not . those roms are intended for those devices only . flashing a rom that is not compatible with the device can brick the device . you should wait for 4.4 roms for your devices .
i believe fennec ( firefox mobile ) will have this feature , but it is currently only in alpha . you can get a copy of the alpha here . note that you will need about 40mb+ of internal storage space free to install it .
i am not aware of such an app/feature right now , but you could use the collective effect of a couple of apps to get almost the desired thing . lightning bug : this is a cool free app that has always-on display feature and shows the clock , ( and weather , etc . ) and more . screen filter : this app will allow you to reduce the brightness even lower than what the android system would allow you to . however , when you want to put your device into standby , you will need to open these apps to get the effect . also , running these apps does not mean it is in " lock " mode . i see a great potential for an app that does both of these together and also put the device into lock mode at the same time .
the built-in tethering should be Settings-&gt;Wireless and Network-&gt;Tethering &amp; portable hotspot-&gt;USB tethering . i think the name of the menu simply changed between cm6 and cm7 from " tethering " to " tethering and portable hotspot " . edit : additionally , it appears that some phones are simply not supported due to kernel issues . for these devices , the menu option will not be present . this thread on the cyanogenmod forums discusses this , and notes at least two devices which fall into this category ( the htc tattoo and the zte blade ) .
as far as i know , you can not transfer files over android beam , just urls/locations etc . this is because android beam does not use bluetooth or wifi direct in addition to the nfc transfer , which means that an average photo would take 30+ seconds to beam . in android 4.1+ ( jelly bean ) you can transfer files with nfc+bt , and s beam uses nfc+wifi direct .
go check " plug in music widget " at android market . it is working with google music and free .
no . swiftkey does not have a 9-key mode .
for a start , you can not install " vanilla android " on a non-nexus device . see flash a smartphone with vanilla android rom for more . the closest you can get is a custom rom that was originally based on aosp and then ported to your device , such as cyanogenmod . the custom rom 's documentation should say whether it has the drivers for the stylus , and if so , it'll work just like a more precise touchscreen . you still will not get any special stylus features ( like extra buttons or pressure-sensitivity ) in this case , though . there is no standard android interface for such features , so they rely on the vendor 's proprietary library and interfaces for apps to support them . again , you should check the custom rom 's documentation to find out how much is supported .
i had a problem like this with my sprint evo shift , except toggling 3g would usually get things to work . while i was debugging i found a free app called reset connections that was at least faster than toggling data services off and on again . i do not know if that will solve your problem , but it is something to try .
both /data and /sdcard are erased when you do fastboot oem unlock . so you lose not just files on the " sd card " , but all installed applications and their internal settings and data . yes , you can use adb backup to backup your data and then restore it later , either with adb restore or titanium backup pro . however , when i did this ( using adb restore ) , my mms messages were lost ; it seems that the backup did not save them , though maybe i just did something wrong . there is also a way to root without unlocking your bootloader . once rooted , you can use bootunlocker to unlock it without wiping data .
50 mb is not much . consider that for installation , the apk gets probably temporarily stored there ( in /data/local ( not always sometimes it is in the /cache/download/ folder ) -- at least that is what the playstore app does , i am not sure about a " local install " where the .apk probably is available from your sdcard ) for processing , then gets installed ( below /data/app ) and initializes its data ( below /data/data ) . and during all that , it should leave enough free space to allow all other apps to work normally : creating temporary files , log files ( at least the latter again being stored below /data in many cases , e . g those you can access via logcat ) , and manipulate their data ( guess where -- yes , again below /data/data ) . so you see : most of these actions take place on the /data partition . now look what size the .apk of sbp shell 3d has . something about 10 . . 15 mb ? so when installed , it creates its data structure below /data/data as well , which adds to this . and during all that installation process , free space probably falls below 30 mb ( if it really requires a copy in /data/local for the install , even below 20 mb ) -- which is why the system alerts about " free space getting low " . the solution already came with the warning : uninstall some apps . or move some bigger ones / rarely used apps to sd , if possible . or clean up some cache -- but that will only help temporarily . you might also want to check some other space/installation related questions here : why is “insufficient storage” wrongly reported when installing an . apk via adb ? is there a way to workaround the phone memory limit for installed apps ? why can not i install apps when i have enough storage ? application does not get installed : insufficient storage available could be good starting points .
i have not seen any android system supporting ntfs out-of-the-box . could be some customroms do , or there are some " root mods " . so without root , it might get hard ( though there might be some userspace mods as well , technically spoken ) . if your device is rooted , you could take a look at ntfs mounter , which might or might not support your huawai ( take care to have a backup at hand anyway until you can be sure everything works as expected ) . moreover , there was an article at xda-developers in june on full ntfs read/write support for android you might want to read : according to the op , he compiled a generic ntfs-3g driver for android that should work on all arm devices with a fuse.ko module . as it involves a kernel module to be loaded , it again requires root . and also again : it might or might not work on your device , take care for backups . a third source is paragon 's ntfs and hfs+ for android ( also available at google play ) . paragon is quite well-known with disk utilities on windows , so i would trust them to get the ntfs part right . but as you might have guessed : this tool requires root as well , plus the above mentioned fuse module . if you need more details , try the google search for " android ntfs " where i got above results from , all on page 1 ; )
it seems you are accidently triggering the generation of a bug reports , as described on this google support site ( click on the nexus link ) : generate a bug report immediately : press volume ( in between up and down ) and power at the same time ( after a > significant delay -- up to a minute -- the device will vibrate if successful and open a new message in gmail ) . in my case , my device had a case which was triggering the bug report by inadvertently pressing ' volume ' and ' power '
the solution : enable animations http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=40019
if you use dialer one as your dialer or even if you install it but use the default stock dialer app , you can get to the favorites screen by long pressing a blank area of the homescreen , and from the shortcuts menu , choosing favorites .
i agree with user61926 , you have the the cpu type for an android wearable but the display type is not set for an android wearbale . taken from developer . android . com 2 . set up the android wear emulator launch the android virtual device manager . 1a . from eclipse , select window > android virtual device manager . 1b . from android studio , select tools > android > avd manager . click new . for the avd name , enter " androidwearsquare " or " androidwearround " , depending on whether you want to create an emulator with a square or round display . for the device , select android wear square or android wear round . for the target , select android 4.4.2 - api level 19 ( or higher ) . for the cpu/abi , select **android wear arm ( armeabi-v7a ) . note : android wear is designed to support multiple processor architectures . ** for the skin , select androidwearsquare or androidwearround . leave all other options set to their defaults and click ok . although real android wearables do not provide a keyboard as an input method , you should keep hardware keyboard present selected so you can provide text input on screens where users will instead provide voice input . in the list of avds , select the one you just created and click start . in the following window , click launch . the android wear emulator now starts . to begin testing your app 's notifications , you must now pair the emulator to your development device that has the android wear preview app installed . tip : to improve the emulator startup time , edit your avd and enable snapshot under emulator options . when you start the emulator , select save to snapshot then click launch . once the emulator is running , close it to save a snapshot of the system . start the avd again , but select launch from snapshot and deselect save to snapshot . caution : do not install apps on the android wear emulator . the system does not support traditional android apps and the result of running such apps is unpredictable .
there are more differences between android devices than between different pc machines . so you need to know things like which cpu and hardware and version of it you got in the device . then look for an android firmware that supports your phone . you might be able to compile your own firmware from source for your device , also depending on your devices hardware and how well you can handled fails there . after an upgrade , your device will end up in different shape with regard to what works and not after the upgrade . it might even work flawlessly . you might even get a " bricked " device if you fail the upgrade and are a bit unlucky . so , it all depends on what hardware you have and how good support linux and android has to your device hardware . that is why the phone manufacturers and your telephone operator test the upgrades in many ways before they push it out to the customers . but if you know this and are technical skilled and know that you might make your phone usless , you can always try .
the sound someone hears when they call a phone is dependent on the person they are calling . this is why , no matter where in the world you are , when you call a us number , you get the us " ringing " tone , whereas if you call a european number , you get the european " ringing " . the providers of the person you are calling are what provides the ringing tone . some carriers , like verizon , offer the ability for you to set tones for others to hear , usually for an added monthly fee . verizon would essentially answer the call and play the music while it continues to try and reach you . once you answer ( or it is sent to voicemail ) , then the music would end and verizon would connect the call on their end . this might be manageable on the phoen via an app from verizon , but you would be changing their settings for your phone number that is stored on their servers . nothing locally on the phone is capable of changing what the incoming caller will hear for a ringtone .
actually , i found that all downloaded files are always stored in /mnt/sdcard/Download no matter they are " opened " or " saved " so i can grab them from there with any file manager
watchdog will monitor your phone 's performance and alert you of issues . here 's a quote from the lifehacker article on watchdog . watchdog runs in the background , watching for apps to start using more than a certain percentage of cpu power that you specify ( with a default of 80 percent ) . when it notices an app going out of bounds , it notifies you and offers options to kill the app , ignore it , or add it to your " whitelist " of pay-no-mind programs . by default , watchdog does not use much power itself , only checking in every two minutes or so , but you can make it run more real-time if you had like to really pin down a problem you know is happening .
it will indeed have english . the default language may be german , but it can be changed in the settings .
i think any auto-update/notification settings relate to apps installed via the play store , not the play store itself . that is updated occasionally by google . you could try and force an update , if you are convinced one is available and that you are missing it , by going into the application manager and uninstalling updates for play store , then clear data , and clear cache , then running the app again and seeing if it forces the download of a newer version . ( incidentally , i have the s3 too , and am currently on v4.1.10 of the play store . which version are you on ? )
often times , one of the main differences between android phone models is the supported frequency bands . this can be because they simply use different antennas for different bands , or because they support completely different network standards ( e . g . cdma and gsm versions ) . it is not uncommon for devices to be released with completely different names on different networks , in fact , when they are essentially the same device . for example , the original galaxy s had a number of named variants on different carriers : the captivate , the vibrant , and the fascinate . there can also be other hardware differences between variants as well . in this case specifically , the i9500 international version of the gs4 does not have an lte radio , although the i9505/i9506 does . in the gs4 's case , this is because they are built with entirely different systems on a chip : the i9500 uses an exynos whereas the others use snapdragons . significant hardware differences like this are , from what i have seen , not generally as common ( although i have no hard numbers ) , though some changes to less essential things like the camera or nfc support could exist as well 1 . the spec sheets for each version should outline this information , though , so it is worth checking since there is no real way to " generalize " these differences . the international versions will work on at and t and t-mobile usa 's 2g networks , as well as at and t 's 3g and certain t-mobile 3g areas ( ones using the 850 mhz band ) , but will not support lte on either . they will not work at all on verizon , because they do not support cdma networks nor do they support verizon 's lte band . even if they did , verizon will typically not activate non-branded phones on their network . if you are going to use verizon , you need to buy a verizon phone . can i use my device on a different carrier ? has more detailed information on how to make these determinations . a rom for one phone will not typically work on other variants , or if it does it will be somewhat broken . for example , running a rom for the gsm galaxy nexus ( maguro ) on a cdma variant ( like toro ) would often work since the hardware was largely the same , but you could not make phone calls or access 3g data or the like . in this specific scenario , i would not expect a rom for the international gs4 to run on another variant at all . they use completely different systems on a chip . in most cases , the only real " con " , as such , to owning an unlocked/off-network phone is that you cannot get official support for the device through your carrier . they will often be willing to provide some kind of equipment protection plan or insurance , but if you go into a store or call customer service for technical support they will not be able to help you . 1 with samsung it may be slightly more common , because of the nature of the situation . they designed the exynos chipset , which is why they use it in their devices in place of qualcomm 's snapdragon , but they did not have an exynos soc that supported lte at the time . thus , in markets where they intend to support lte , they sometimes go with entirely different chips ( like snapdragons ) .
i would suggest trying an app like audio manager . i have not tried it on ics myself .
most of these properties are in /system/build . prop ( or a file like that ) . but i believe the android.os.build.serial is actually set when the device first boots . the system gets the device serial number and adds it to the properties . i actually found a commit in some cyanogenmod code that you can see how exactly it is set : ( now this does say it is somewhat of a hack , but it is set when the device boots ) . from git : 57| sprintf(buf, "ro.serialno=%s", serial); 
there is no " standard non-htc " version of android , your device needs custom drivers and therefore a customized version of android . if you install a custom rom it will most certainly be pre-rooted . you should check xda 's desire hd development subforum for custom roms . read a few threads and decide on one that sounds good , then follow the instructions to flash it . if there are no instructions then just put the rom . zip on your sd card , reboot into clockworkmod recovery , and follow the menus to flash it .
after testing many different apps and many different versions of said apps , websites listing what apps work and what apps do not , and more than a few other things , i have reached the conclusion that , you cannot load 3rd party video players on the nook color . my reason for reaching this conclusion , is when i finally found an app and its correct version to work for the nook operating system , and used the correct working file manager app to run the . apk file the message my nook color gave me was ; install blocked : for security reasons , only apps purchased through the nook shop can be installed .
even if proguard was used you still can get some interesting insights . here is a stackoverflow question with a detailed explanation : android : getting source code from an apk file . youtube video with a detailed guide . and a blog entry about that : how to retrieve source code from an android apk file .
since you said the phone is brand new there is nothing wrong with the software . it is most probably a defect with the screen . get it replaced and use a proper phone .
they are included in android . the correct settings are determined by your sim mcc and mnc ( mobile country code and mobile network code ) . if you want , you can view the list of preset apns by looking at the source code , for example at android-source-browsing . the file name in this case is /etc/apns-full-conf . xml , but apparently it varies .
i do not think the audible touch tones menu item is actually related , since that controls whether or not you hear dial pad tones when dialing a number . the setting you want should be CyanogenMod Settings-&gt;Sound-&gt;Silent State , and you will just need to make sure that it is checked . i have audible touch tones disabled as well , but it does not interfere with my ability to enable/disable the silent state option .
the upgrading to 10.2 from 10.1 page links to a flashable zip with the photosphere enabled camera app . that link appears to currently be broken . here is a working link . after flashing , the camera app has the ability to take photospheres .
deriving from the link given in comments : answer by richard you are not able to play the high resolution videos in your mobile . your device should be able to handle videos up to 640*360 , this is the resolution of hq youtube . note that there is absolutely no point in watching hd videos on your phone . it has a screen resolution of 240 x 320 . anything above this will be scaled down to fit the screen . comment by ce4 in general , hd videos need to be decoded by a specialized companion chip ( h264 decoder ) because the cpu is not powerful enough . for price reasons , only a subset of h264 's features may be supported leaving you without hd support
it seems that , as noted in the comments , changing my keyboard app has solved this . i was having trouble with my default kb app going to 100% cpu when entering text lately , so that prompted me to try a new one , finally . i have tried multiple times while typing this answer to get the behavior to occur again , and it will not . yippee !
it sounds as though you are using your tv as a media renderer for a media server ( hosted on your pc or other computer device ) . if that is the case , then yes , it is possible to use your android device as a media renderer for a media server . download mediahouse upnp / dlna browser and a video player with a codec that supports your video file-types ( vplayer video player is the best that i have found ) . if you instead meant that you wanted to stream the content provided to you from your tv service provider , then that is a bit more complicated . generally , they do not allow this since they want you to pay some odd sum of money for an additional renderer that they own . the process would go soemthing like this ( if not otherwise allowed ) : use some kind of capturing device to record ( temporarily or permenently ) the video content transmitted through an appropriate cable ( hdmi for example ) . you would theoretically need to split the signal or re-route it . then configure a media server on your pc to stream the recorded content . this would not provide a stream however which would have to be in a protocol like mjpeg to work as an actual " stream " . you would need something akin to an ethernet based capture card that provided a video stream over ip .
the prompt that appears is from the superuser app , which regulates root access for other apps on your device . it is a third party app , and is not part of the android system itself . to modify the apps that are approved for root access , simply open superuser from your app drawer . there is a tab which lists the currently approved apps , and tapping on an app will allow you to change its approval status or " forget " the status altogether ( which will bring up the prompt the next time you run it ) . there is also a setting that changes the behavior when you tap on an app in the list . you can set it to give you a prompt where you can select the approval status you want for the app ( as above ) , you can set it to " forget " an app when you tap on it ( with no prompt ) or you can set it to toggle between approval states when you tap ( again with no prompt ) .
you can build that module yourself from the source code of the linux kernel your device is running ( presumably some cyanogenmod kernel ) . you can find out which kernel your device is running , and with which compiler it was built , using cat /proc/version . try finding the corresponding kernel sources in the cyanogenmod repositories . the kernel configuration file used to build your kernel ( . config ) should come with the kernel sources . if you are lucky , you can dump it with zcat /proc/config.gz on your device . put the . config file into your source tree . find a matching compiler . typically , one of the compilers coming with the ndk will be fine . if the kernel uses modversions , you first need to build the kernel to get the module . symvers file right . assuming the ndk 's cross compiler is in your path , try : make -j4 ARCH=arm CROSS_COMPILE=arm-linux-androideabi-  one you have a kernel , add the modules you need to the configuration by using the xconfig ( or menuconfig ) make targets : make -j4 ARCH=arm CROSS_COMPILE=arm-linux-androideabi- xconfig  build the module . make -j4 ARCH=arm CROSS_COMPILE=arm-linux-androideabi- modules  if insmod'ing the module fails with an error saying that _global_offset_table_ was not found , try adding the -fno-pic option : make -j4 ARCH=arm CROSS_COMPILE=arm-linux-androideabi- XTRA_CFLAGS=-fno-pic modules  good luck .
here you go . just move the icon to your homepage as a shortcut and you are good to go : ) morerecent via droidforums . net
Settings -&gt; Wireless and Network -&gt; WiFi Settings , hit the menu button , and choose advanced . however , it appears this does not support user authentication . i can not find a solution online , either : ( . the question i marked as a duplicate may be of some assistance , though your version of android may be too old for any of this .
unfortunately not , except perhaps a different chat application that can interface with google talk . talk uses the timestamp of the sender to order the messages , using the assumption that cellphones on a cell network will have a consistently accurate clock . it is likely that a different chat application ( such as imo or trillian ) which interfaces with google chat will display these messages differently ; i do not use multi-protocol chat applications , or change my clock , so i cannot confirm that this will solve your problem ; i remain rather confident it will however .
looks like google has released a new version of authenticator ( as of march 21 , 2012 ) under a new package name : com.google.android.apps.authenticator2 . old version : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.apps.authenticator new version : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.apps.authenticator2 different package names means that you can have them both installed simultaneously , but my guess is that google will eventually remove the old version from the play store . installing authenticator 2 without uninstalling authenticator allows authenticator 2 to import your currently configured sites . i have read a few posts from people claiming that google lost their signing key , and this why they have to release a new app under a new package name . i want to emphasize that there is no evidence to support this claim . while it is true that signing keys cannot be changed with app updates and therefore require a completely new app/package name , a more plausible explanation could be that google wants to integrate authenticator more tightly ( e . g . , shared uids , signature permissions ) with other apps ( see below ) . additional info for those interested : the signing key used on the old version of google authenticator ( sha1 fingerprint : 24:BB:24:C0:5E:47:E0:AE:FA:68:A5:8A:76:61:79:D9:B6:13:A6:00 ) is also used to sign : scoreboard , goggles , finance , google voice , shopper , transalte , chrometophone , earth , reader , and a few others . the signing key used on the new version of google authenticator ( sha1 fingerprint : 38:91:8A:45:3D:07:19:93:54:F8:B1:9A:F0:5E:C6:56:2C:ED:57:88 ) is used to sign : google maps , google play store , gmail , google+ , google chrome and google music . update : google has put up a blog post talking about the new up as well as the upgrade procedure .
i would use the motochopper exploit from the first thread . the exploit is from dan rosenberg ( djrbliss on xda ) , a known security researcher who has published some android root exploits so far . if the exploit does not work , there is no harm it can inflict . if it does work , harm can only be done while persisting the root access but i have not seen any problems with that ( either it does not work at all or it just works ) . the second alternative seems to be a streamlined free/paid service that is probably probing your device and it will eventually use the same motochopper exploit from the first thread . background info : announcement on xda exploit : http://vulnfactory.org/public/motochopper.zip
i had to change the last part of the inf file . it worked perfectly after this change .
the solution is to install program wake lock and set the setting to PARTIAL_WAKE_LOCK . this keep necessary power for sd card even if of charger and with disabled display . it obviously cause a bit more battery consumption , but far less then constant sd card remounting . no root needed .
this post helped me : since firmware version 4.1 ( jelly bean ) , the memory became partitioned : roughly 2gb for apps , the rest became mass storage . the problem did not exist in ics or earlier . to free up some space , dial *#9900# in standard dialer ( called phone ) and select option 2 " delete dumpstate/logcat " in the prompted menu as for making more than 2gbs available for applications , here 's an instruction on re-flashing firmware which re-partitions internal storage , allowing up to 12gbs of internal storage for applications .
have you tried these apps : gps 2 bluetooth v . 2 bluetooth gps output tether gps lite gps tether
it really depends what you mean by superior . the desire hd will be basically the same as the existing desire but with a 4.3" screen and will have the same amount of internal storage as the galaxy s . the desire hd will have 768 mb of ram instead of 512 mb on the galaxy s . but the desire hd will have the same snapdragon processor as the old desire , whereas the galaxy s has the superior hummingbird . however , the desire hd will have a 8 mp camera whereas the galaxy s only has 5 mp , and the desire hd has dual led camera flash whereas some of the galaxy s phones do not have a flash at all . that sums up the major differences , and personally i would lean toward the desire hd , but you should compare for yourself and see what better fits your needs : htc desire hd specifications samsung galaxy s specifications
the current best , known solution is to use " adbwireless " to connect the device with one 's computer over a network . be careful to connect both devices to the same network . if you do not have access to a wireless network , the . apk can be transferred in harddrive mode after exporting the project from eclipse . however , this route does not allow use of adb for logging , debug mode , or any other tools . ( see application " alogcat " if logcat logs are wanted ) if anyone finds other solutions , please edit this answer .
the answer is data2sd what does it do ? it basically tells android to use the ext2 partition ( once available ) on the sd card as internal storage , together with hd2 's internal memory . this way you can get up to 4gbs . how to install ? as specified in the forum , you can grab the recovery zip ( check topic if link goes down ) and install it in recovery . it is not that straightforward . if that is your first time , i suggest to : make a backup of the sd card on pc , laptop , tablet or cloud , because it is going to be wiped insert the card in hd2 , boot in recovery ( keep HOME down during htc logo ) . some roms allow you to reboot in recovery , some apps allow you to with one click : choose your favourite option from clockwork recovery , choose the option to partition sd card ( Advanced -&gt; Partition SD Card ) , and choose your partition size . with card > = 8gb , i recomment 4096mb once finished , power off , remove the card and copy the recovery zip you downloaded on the card . also restore your previous backup insert the card , boot recovery again and choose the option to install a zip from sd card , then choose that file and confirm reboot android . you are done ! ! how does it work ? when you partition the sd card , android creates a swap partition ( that works like in linux , do not forget it is just plain linux kernel ) and an ext2 partition of the size you just chose in the end of the card . the first part of the card is partitioned with a fat32 partition for easy interoperability , because windows and other oses only mount the first partition in a removable drive , if they can mount it . data2sd is basically an init script ( running on system boot ) that mounts this ext2 partition as the /data directory of the system . credit to user Anurag pandey@xda-developers
as with normal disks , this should apply to the disk and not a specific partition . some file systems offer additional caching , which then would apply to the specific partition -- but disk cache should always apply to the entire disk .
user @izzy explained that encoded pictures are actually included in the .vcf created from the export . this led me to think that the issue is actually with thunbird 's contacts import and not with android 's contacts export . as it turns out this is right . since the default way for thunderbird to import vcards appears to be faulty , i used the add-on morefunctionsforaddressbook to import the address book . it worked fine and included all the pictures !
i believe it is real-time . meaning , the stats are always updated as the battery is being drained ( or charged ) .
yes , im using 32gb card . i have kept 4096mb as ext4 partition and rest i have formatted as fat32 . link2sd works fine . you can go max 4gb . download mini partition tool format your class10 sdcard 1st partition being fat32 , and second keep ( 4gb ) it ext2 ( ext4 might not work ) shutdown your phone , put back your card . star the phone . and then start linking your files with link2sd . i have bought plus version , it is very useful . since my phone has only 16gb internal memory .
two things to check given gmail is already set to sync . first , double check you have notifications ticked inside the gmail app , this can be found by opening the left menu and opening the settings located at the bottom . secondly , in settings open data usage , then open the three dot menu and ensure that " auto-sync data " is on and " restrict background data " is off . note : these directions are based on stock 4.4 , if they do not correspond just let me know what phone and software version you have .
the app locker gives you more access , and is working against the system rather than with it . almost by definition , it is much less secure . an app locker might keep out the casual user , but not anyone who knows what they are doing . unless it blocks new apps by default , sideloading would be a problem . depending on the device that may be enough to root it ( if you are not already ) and then they can more or less bypass/remove anything on the device . adb access is a risk in both cases but the ability to interact with the device may provide some other options . i agree with admartian that encryption is the way to go . using a lock screen plus an app locker is better than using only one of them , as well .
there is a lengthy discussion about this on : http://androidforums.com/droid-support-troubleshooting/87515-my-droids-touch-screen-going-crazy.html the main point seems to relate to either oil and dirt covering the screen and/or heating up issues from dirt within internal components . there are some suggested solutions such as carefully cleaning the screen and the speaker opening . it also seems to be strongly affected by moisture .
you are probably not going to like my answer , but i do not think there is anything you can do about it . i have tried to turn this off myself in the past , but the android os is such that you will receive a force close vibration no matter what . now , regarding your application actually force closing , here are my two best guesses ( since i can not see any of your code ) : you are trying to use a feature that requires documentation in the manifest file . you are overburdening the ui stack by not threading processes that take a long time to accomplish ( i.e. . contacting a server and receiving data , handling remote data , etc . ) , which can be solved with asynctasks . also , if you are getting frequent force close errors , please use ddms . it is an absolute god send for this kind of stuff . i know a lot of people who just try to " figure out " where they went wrong . debugging is a skill in its own right . sorry i could not directly answer your question . i instead tried to pinpoint where else you may be going wrong with your applications , which , to me , would seem to be a bigger issue . edit : to show you how i arrived at this conclusion : i firstly tried to look through all settings ( including my galaxy s manual ) , and obviously no cigar . i noticed that there are two classes that a developer must look into to at least see if this vibration can be turned off programatically ( for your specific program ) . these classes are the notification and vibrator classes . upon inspection , you can see that there is nothing within these classes that will allow you to do that . it is a system property . realizing that you must put in a " vibration " intent into the manifest in order to even manipulate the vibration should further prove this point :  &lt;uses-permission android:name="android.permission.VIBRATE"/&gt;  i was not really prepared to mess around with the actual android low-level code so i brought the issue up with my friend ( who has been messing around with the actual android kernel and os itself for a while ) in order to validate my suspicion . he said that this property was built in . in other words , you would have to override the property within the os itself in order to change the force close vibration . for me , that was the end of me trying to turn off this property .
there is an app for that . photosync ( sync to picasa ) automatically syncs local folder to picasaweb , so you can select your camera folder . it is free and not so huge as g+ app . you can set your local folder and picasa folder and sync them on eg . hourly basis .
try this call confirm app . this application is going to ask you whether to call or hangup the contact what you touched on call history .
from a packet capture , the codecs are : gsm-efr 8khz amr 8khz gsm 8khz g . 711/pcmu 8khz g . 711/pcma 8khz here 's the tidbit from the rtp packet capture : i could not find a way to configure the codecs either .
i have not looked exhaustively at the filesystem itself ( did not use adb shell or anything ) , but i am fairly positive the warning is just a generic message that shows up whenever you clear data for an app or system service . i tried a couple of different apps and services and always saw the warning . after clearing my media storage data and unmounting/remounting my sd card i had : all of my music still available ( after it had a chance to rescan ) my google music account still set up and properly linked my ringtone still set to the correct song on my sd card all other accounts and settings normal so basically , everything excepting the actual list of songs on my sd card was retained , and the list was refreshed after i remounted the sd card , as far as i can see . other than clearing media storage data , the only other thing i have tried to get my music to update is just unmounting and remounting the sd card ( or using an app like sd rescan to do it for you , as mentioned in the other question ) . i have personally had kind of mixed results with this , but the clear data then remount cycle always seems to work .
thanks for your answers . i found a solution for my problem . there is a project named " google musik desktop player " that is almost what i wanted i just let the player run on my pc and friends in my room have only access to my music library so they can choose a song or create a playlist .
i think you need to unlock it to the part where the new hope building is already accessible .
if you have the issue with files , that you were previously able to play , try to reboot your phone . if playback works afterwards , you seem to have the same issue as described in this problem : samsung galaxy s : unsupported file type ( mp3 ) i do not know of a fix for this yet , the only workaround seems to be a reboot .
does anyone have any suggestions as to how i can see the full text of the errors which are occurring when trying to sync my k9 folders ? it seems that there is no way to see these log messages on the device without root access , but if you do have root access , there are a couple of options , either grant the required permissions to alogcat or consider using a horrible hack tm to view them directly . view the log files on your pc or workstation via adb if you can connect your android device to a pc or workstation , then you can access the logs via the adb command . to do this on windows , first you will need to install the android sdk ( which will require the java se sdk ) and add the android-sdk\tools and android-sdk\platform-tools to the system path . then enable usb debugging on your nexus 7 , plug it in via usb , and install the android composite adb interface from android-sdk\extras\google\usb_driver ( i had to force windows xp to look here , it would not find the drivers on it is own ) . for details of how to get adb up and running without the full android sdk install , or on mac or linux machines , see izzy 's excellent answer to is there a minimal installation of adb ? then you can open a shell ( i.e. . a cmd window ) and run the command : adb logcat k9:V *:S AndroidRuntime:E  i have confirmed that this works on my non-rooted nexus 7 . grant permissions to alogcat if you have root access , you could consider granting the READ_LOGS permission to alogcat , as suggested in this post alogcat/catlog/lumberjack not working ? do this . . . on the xda-developers forum : pm grant &lt;pkg&gt; android.permission.READ_LOGS  to grant this permission to alogcat or alogcat.donate , you would use one of the following commands , depending on whether you are running the donate version or not : pm grant org.jtb.alogcat.donate android.permission.READ_LOGS pm grant org.jtb.alogcat android.permission.READ_LOGS  according to one post on android-developers and the ticket , the permission grant survives reboot and update , but not uninstall/reinstall . sadly since this requires root access , whether i run this on the device or on my pc ( prefixed by adb shell ) i just get the error : Neither user 12345 nor current process has android.permission.GRANT_REVOKE_PERMISSION  i cannot confirm that this works , since my nexus 7 has not been rooted . consider using a horrible hack tm if you have root access , you could consider making logcat setuid root and running logcat from the device shell , as suggested in this answer to my how can i access android log files on my nexus 7 without root access ? question : chmod 04755 /system/bin/logcat logcat k9:V *:S AndroidRuntime:E  again , i cannot confirm that this works and i would probably only use it as a last resort , given the security implications . why are no log messages from k9 appearing in the alogcat log viewer ? could something have changed in jelly bean which lead k9 's logging to stop working ? since there seem to be remarkably few messages being shown by alogcat in general , has something has changed in jelly bean which could mean that it is no longer able to access all messages ? this appears to be a change in jelly bean which affects all applications which may try to read the log files . apparently read_logs permission is not granted to 3rd party applications in jelly bean . since this link seems to be unreliable : today i have tested my application on newest ( api 16 ) emulator before releasing it to google play . it turned out that android now refuses to grant this permission to 3rd party applications . this is weird because i have looked through all jelly bean 's documented changes and could not find anything that mentions read_logs permission . and later the protectionlevel for read_logs is now " signature|system|development " . the new pipe syntax for protectionlevel is also undocumented ( see http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=34785 ) . my suspicion is that alogcat is only seeing messages generated by itself and it is vm . for further information , see flow answer 's to my question how active should i expect my jelly bean system log file to be ?
you can not change the text size in google maps , because the whole map , including the labels , is retrieved from google 's servers as an image . ( in fact , they are lots of small images called tiles . for this reason , using a different app that embeds google maps will not help at all : they are all just displaying the same tiles . if you want a map that looks different , you will need to use an openstreetmap-based app . openstreetmap ( osm ) is like the wikipedia of maps : it is a free , open map of the world maintained and updated by volunteers . since the raw map data are available for anyone to use , there are some osm apps that generate the map image on your device , instead of downloading tiles from a central server . such apps have more options for customizing the map to suit your needs , so while i do not know off-hand of one with text size options , this starting point might help you to find one .
you would need a custom rom that supports moving apps to the ext3 partition . i would recommend searching the development section of xda-developers forums for your handset for such a rom . if a rom does not support apps2ext natively , you can try your luck with a script ( example for htc dream/magic here ) that can be installed on top of another rom . [ edit ] : just adding stuff from my comments to the answer . if you are on android version 2.2 and above , you can use the built-in " apps-to-sd " functionality to move apps to sd card . go to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications then tap on any app and under the " storage " section tap the " move to sd " button . after a few seconds you will see the button 's name change to " move to phone " and size of the app decrease significantly . this method is not without drawbacks . first off , an app needs to be explicitly coded to support this functionality . second , widgets and apps that run as a service ( e-mail , virtual keyboards , weather notifications , etc . ) do not work when moved to sd , and must reside on the phone 's internal memory . furthermore , not the entire app moves to the sd card . a part of it stays on the phone , along with its cache and data/settings . if you have a phone with a small amount of internal app storage , using the built-in apps-to-sd will just prolong the inevitable " out of memory " errors . the apps2ext scripts resolve most of these shortcomings . it " fools " the phone into thinking that the ext2/3/4 partition is part of the phone 's internal memory . this means that widgets and services will work just fine with this method . also , since you can make your partition as large as you wish ( recommended not to exceed 2gb ) , the space issues disappear . the scripts also provide options for moving caches and data to the ext partition in order to free up even more internal memory . the drawback of the apps2ext method is that it is well , a hack . first off , your phone needs to be rooted . second , you will no longer be able to un-mount and remove the sd card from the phone , since all of the apps ( including system ones ) reside on the ext partition . third , you are putting a lot more strain on the sd card from increased writing , which may shorten its lifespan . finally , as with any hack it may make your phone less stable .
you might need to clear the cache of the download manager . go into : Settings -&gt; Apps -&gt; All (tab) -&gt; Download Manager  here tap Clear cache and for good measure Clear data
if your phone has a menu hard key , like most samsung phones , the three-dots icon for an overflow menu will not appear . press the menu key instead , and settings is the bottom item on the menu .
the galaxy nexus is supported from a device/hardware standpoint , but it may not be available in your region for some reason . if that is the case , you can instead get rom manager directly from the developer 's website . there are also clockworkmod recovery downloads on that page . if , for whatever reason , rom manager proves to be unusable or unsatisfactory , there are a few alternatives currently available : goomanager beta rom toolbox
lg 's site is terrible so it took me a while to find , but you can get the drivers for the thrill from here : http://www.lg.com/us/support-mobile/lg-p925
there is no where in the stock system that provides the id , however there are apps that will provide it , such as android system info . some stock roms hidden menus also contain this info .
the two are actually quite different . titanium backs up apps and settings only . nandroid backs up everything including the os . titanium is useful when messing with apps and settings , since you have the option of restoring only what you want . nandroid backups are largely for when you totally b0rk your phone and need to restore it to a more or less pristine state . the biggest difference is that titanium requires a working android installation , while nandroid only requires a working cwm or other custom recovery . just to clarify , nandroid only backs up your /system , /data and a few other partitions . it does not backup your sd card . titanium backup may back up some of the stuff on your sd card , but not necessarily all of it , only data that associated with an app will be backed up ( and perhaps a few other things like photos and music ) .
look in settings-> accounts most likely you will have an account there for facebook . there may be settings for that account that allow you to choose what gets synced . otherwise if you do not need any of it , delete the account . it will not running in the background updating facebook statuses for those contacts . . . should help with battery life , memory , etc . hope this helps .
it depends on router to router , like i have a belkin router , in which i can set up mac address filtering . to set up this , open your router default page ( might be 192.168.1.1 or 192.168.2.1 ) . if it asks for password and username , first try leaving it blank , if this does not log you in , try putting admin in both user name and password , if this does not log you in , contact your isp ( internet service provider ) . then go in the firewall settings and then find mac address filtering . then add the mac address of the device you want to be allowed in the given fields . only the devices whose mac address has been entered , can connect with the router . you can manage all this via your mobile . if you post your router model number and company ( located at the bottom of the router ) , i can tell you if your router supports filtering or not .
it is enormously annoying , is not it ? there is no way to suppress it on an unmodified system that i know of , but you can at least free up more internal disk space by emptying system and app caches using an app like sd maid or by going into the application management section ( Settings-&gt;Applications-&gt;Manage Applications-&gt;All , then click on an app name ) and manually clearing out app data for hogs like google maps and the like using the Clear cache button ( note : do not clear the app data ! just the cache ) .
that is not a bug , it is a feature . it is called the " back stack " . the idea is that you perform a single task , like reading e-mail , and all activities , that it is what " windows " are called on android , are grouped together on the task 's back stack . if you want imdb " in a separate window " , that is as activity of a new task with its own back stack , you can simply open it from the launcher by selecting the imdb icon .
highly doubtful . if the phone is using google play services , which every manufacturer must use and agree to a strict set of terms and conditions if they want their device to access the google play store , then chrome will be installed . it is one of google 's key apps , along with gmail , maps and so on .
on my galaxy s3 it is home and power but they need to be held in for about 1 second but it may be different on the s2 edit : according to this samsung have changed the screen shot buttons to be volume down + power on some firmware versions and on others it is power + home heald for about 2 seconds . hope that helps
a boot-loop can have different reasons . though in most cases this happens after flashing a new rom , other things might affect it as well : e.g. some system related apps which have services or the like started quite early . but those special cases usually rather result in a force-close-loop than in a boot-loop . things you can try : safe mode see whether you can boot your device into safe mode ( according to an xda post , this should be achieved by keeping vol- and power pressed simultaneously until the phone is booted up , and shows the string " safe mode " in the lower left corner ) . if that works , it is one of the apps you lately installed which causes this problem . go and remove the app ( via settings&rarr ; apps&rarr ; manage apps ) , reboot , and you should be fine . in case you get problems leaving safe mode : power down , take out the battery for 30s , insert it again , power up . recovery mode if safe mode is not reachable either , you can try booting to recovery mode ( should be vol+ + vol- + power ) . in the menu appearing there , select to " wipe cache " . reboot . if the problem still persists , and you have no custom recovery , all that is left to you to try is a factory reset . this will wipe all your data and the apps you have installed . you can do so from the very same recovery menu by chosing " wipe data " or " factory reset " ( it is labeled either the one or the other ) . in case you have a custom recovery , you can try first to only " wipe dalvik cache " .
you phone should light up when you activate it . when an internal process either stops or wakes up you phone ( like you said to start data transfer ) or on other actions the lights can light up . when a process crashes my phone lights up the control keys too , usually with a buzz .
there are 2 potential solutions . one , when you use perform task you can pick the priority of the task your asking it to run . if you set the priority the same or higher than the current task ( a good way to do this is to specify '%priority + 1' ) , the new task will completely execute before the current on resumes . if you set the priority of the task lower than the current task 's priority , the current task will finish before the new task starts . since i have had mix results with the use of priority could add a wait until after the preform task . example : 1. WAIT UNTIL MIN: 1 UNTIL: %Done IS SET  the variable , %done , is set at the last line of the task you called . you can set %done to anything but one it is set the 1st task will know it is okay to continue . if you have any further problems feel free to come back and ask more question . if my answer does solve your problem please remember to make it as answered and to upvote my answer . i only ask since i am new and i am trying to build up my reputation . thanks , hope it all works out .
i deleted the account and re-added it . it is syncing again . not much of an answer , i suppose . . .
fring or nimbuzz apps from the market place both allow you to do voice calls using gtalk .
after you install an app that takes over the dock intent it will ask which one you wish to use as default . the one i use is called gentle alarm which has a nice dock display and some additional alarm features . it is however a paid app . i know there are several free apps out there as well .
a copy is locally stored , so these contacts are also available when there is no current data connection .
this is most likely some app utilizing google services . you do not show the details screen to be reached when tapping the graph on top of your first screenshot . please check there , and cross-check with how to deal with ( orphaned ) wakelocks ? -- the " keep awake " of your second screenshot suggest wakelocks as the " source of evil " . the part what if it is the android system itself ? should help you track the issue down further . another possible -- no , very likely candidate is found in another question i just stumbled upon : google services is killing my battery by keeping phone awake . sound familiar ? ; )
i will say yes , but , that answer does not necessarily hold true 100% of the time . it really depends on the bands that the device supports . on the device spec sheets you will usually see something like this : 800/1900/700 these are the bands that the device will operate on . i pulled these numbers from the droid bionic . from that spec sheet , it goes even further and shows that it supports ev-do rev . a ( cdma/3g ) , and lte ( 4g ) . so this phone does support verizon 's 3g and 4g networks , which means that if 4g is not avaialble , then it will fall back to the cdma data network ( which is what the device will uses for voice even when data uses lte . the same rules apply for gsm networks like at and t and t-mobile . the device spec sheet will say what bands the device can operate on , and if the carrier 's network operates within that band , then the phone will work . this is why iphone users can use unlocked at and t iphones on t-mobile 's network , but they only can get edge data . this is because the iphone does not support the band that t-mobile uses for its umts/hspa/hspa+ ( 3g/4g ) data networks . t-mobile bands : 850/1900 ( gsm/gprs/edge ) 1700/2100 ( umts/hspa ) at and t bands : 850/1900 ( gsm/gprs/edge ) 580/1900 ( umts/hspa ) ( 3g ) 700 ( lte ) ( 4g ) verizon bands : 800/1900 ( cmda/ev-do ) ( 3g ) 700 ( lte ) ( 4g ) sprint does not know if they want to use lte or wimax so i am not listing their bands .
no . their contact list ( that is synced with the google account ) is based on the gmail contact list . it is a local copy ; so any changes must be made from their side . however , if they synced/merged that gmail contact to your google plus account , and you updated your contact information in google plus , it is still possible for them to know your new number .
have you tried doing a factory reset ( you will lose all data ) ? steps to do a factory reset are found here .
technically they can inspect the http headers and look at the user-agent field to determine browser and os ; but imagine the millions and millions of http requests for web pages and applications in a given day . they can do trends , and data mining techniques to find out - but is it worth all that effort for them just to track down someone using a few more mb of bandwidth ? probably not .
nope , no limit . source at xda-developers forum
greenify uses the android command " am " to stop an app and applies this command again if the app is wakened by any action whatsoever . that is what hibernating means . hibernated app will no longer start during phone boot , respond to registered intents or be triggered by alarms from the system . everything it does is temporary . the am command does not touch the installed files or any configuration information . this is citation from excellent explanation by lioux on xda : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=40475823postcount=1200
you can not :o ( you can install another home screen app from the market if you do not want to use the sense home screen . if you want to avoid sense altogether , you will need to root your phone and flash a non-sense rom .
it allows you to " mark " a card . it is a kind of bookmark that allows you to find this card easily later . the most common case is when a card needs editing , but you do not have time/tools to edit it right now , so you mark it , and you will fix the card when you are back home . why not edit the card right away , instead of just marking it ? examples : you are reviewing in the bus , and you notice a kanji that you probably entered wrongly , so you need to check . but you need the library 's huge kanji dictionary , which is too heavy to carry in the bus . you realize you made a typo when entering a latex formula . you will only be able to fix it next time you are at your desktop computer . you have a doubt about a card , and must ask a native speaker , but there is none around . reference : http://ankisrs.net/docs/markedcards.html thanks for using ankidroid !
you can not set an icon on the notification bar to " let you be online all the time " , it is not user defining option . but the service is always running , like thelper said , you do not have to mind that , you will receive the messages without the icon appearing all the time .
there does not seem to be one right now . check samfirmware for official rom updates . ( note - that is not an official site , they just host the official firmwares ) . this site describes how to install a 2.1 arabic rom on a galaxy 5 . hope that helps .
apparently yes . the archos smart home phone is an android phone priced at £130 in the uk : http://www.androidcentral.com/archos-smart-home-phone-now-available-get-android-your-landline although the reviews on amazon uk arent very good : http://www.amazon.co.uk/archos-501809-smart-home-phone/dp/b005h0m8lw binatone ihome phone idect with dect and android technology http://www.amazon.co.uk/binatone-ihome-phone-android-technology/dp/b004ebv1gi currently unavailable ( maybe its that good )
simply get yourself a terminal app ( a good choice would be android terminal emulator ) , start it , and enter the command free . the output then should look like this : this example is from my motorola milestone 2 , and you can see : it does not use any swap : " total " available swap space is "0" . if your device would use swap , at least the numbers for " totals " and one of " used " or " free " should be &gt ; 0 .
from a gnu/linux-based os , you can use heimdall , an open-source alternative to odin which is proported to match odin feature-for-feature while also being more reliable . otherwise , you can follow any of the many tutorials for installing a new android rom . i will provide a bit more information to help you start your journey : if you want a custom rom like cyanogenmod or any of the dozens which are available in precompiled packages for specific devices , then you will need to use heimdall to flash a custom recovery image ( twrp or clockworkmod recovery ) . the zipped rom images are flashable through these recovery modes . if you want stock , samsung android/touchwiz then you can use heimdall to flash over the entire android image from samsung . ( google around to find the one for your model ) if you want to compile android yourself , you will likely want a custom recovery image ( twrp or clockworkmod recovery ) and you can download the android source code or if you want to modify existing custom roms , you can download their respective source and compile it yourself . you had need to hunt down some in-depth android compiling tutorials in order to do this , as it is not a simple process . note : before flashing anything to your device , make sure that you match the model numbers !
google play is covered by the terms of google 's privacy policy , and in fact links you to it when you first launch the app or visit the link in the play website 's footer . the very brief summary is that they divide it into : " information you give us " - any info provided during registration device information - noted to be "...your hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information including phone number" log information location information unique application numbers local storage cookies and anonymous identifiers since google 's apps are proprietary i doubt you will get much more definite information than that unless you ask google directly . you can read the full text of google 's privacy policy to see how they use the information they collect ( among other things ) .
okay , i figured out how to set the good ol ' voice commands app as the default voice commands interface . it has to be done while not connected to a hands free device via bluetooth . tap into the phone app tap the phone app 's microphone icon in my case a prompt appeared asking me to select the default app to handle voice commands . thereafter , it is used the correct voice commands app when connected via bluetooth . for those who wanted to know how to disable google now , here 's how it is done : swipe up from the home icon to activate google now scroll all the way to the bottom tap the overflow menu ( three vertical dot icon ) tap settings tap google now tap the off/on switch in the upper-right to disable google now
you can create an application for any device that runs the android os , this is not restricted to specific device manufacturers . restrictions in the execution are caused mainly because of the version of the android os that runs on the device ( the differtent api 's ) or the difference in hardware capabilities between devices . if you are planning to make an application you should by all means have some programming experience . with the use of some very helpful software development tools you could create personal application like suggested . be sure to check out the documentation provided on androids official website to get a solid introduction on this topic .
to change the home screens , you need to install a new launcher application - search the play store for Launcher and see what is available .
you can also get an app on facebook that will grab your twitter feed . that is what i do and it does a pretty good job .
i just tested my own phone by loading dylan reeve 's web page and to my surprise the lookout app i have installed stopped it . i guess lookout also functions as a dialer . according to this page there is a version that supports 1.5 ( although i am not sure if that version does include protection from ussd attacks ) . i have not tried it myself but , according to this post you can download apk files from the play store to your computer . if you succeed just copy the apk to your phone manually and install .
in fact , i never had an android device where this was that easy to achive ! our friends at xda-developers offer a guide and the necessary tools in this thread . having a " microsoft free zone " and " only " running linux machines ( yeah , even the android ones run a linux kernel ) , i was able to follow up those steps with a little adaption here and there -- and so i will sum up the results for windows and linux users as well : preparation first you need to download the required tools , all of them available at the linked xda-developers thread : o4xr . zip is the rooting toolkit is11lg_systembackuptest . signed . apk to prepare your device windows users only : lgunitedmobiledriver_ver_3.7.2_lg-p880_lgo4xhd . zip -- the windows drivers for the device having everything downloaded , some additional steps are necessary at your computer : windows users only : unzip and install the drivers linux users : make sure adb is able to detect the device ( check with adb devices ) . if it is not , see at the end of this answer for some hints . everybody : copy IS11LG_SystemBackupTest.signed.apk to your optimus ( e . g . after connecting it via usb in mtp mode , copy the file to the internal sdcard ) everybody : create a new directory , unzip o4xr.zip there , and change into this directory . the rooting process on your optimus , go to settings&rarr ; security and make sure " unknown sources " is ticked ( i.e. . contains a checkmark ) go to settings&rarr ; developer options and enable " usb debugging " now install IS11LG_SystemBackupTest.signed.apk ( e . g . use a file explorer to find and " launch " it ) open the " systembackuptest " app you just installed . nothing spectacular will happen , so do not be disappointed here . hold the power button and choose " power off and restart " . when you can see the lock screen , you may notice that the phone is running very slowly , this is normal . once the device is fully started up again , connect it to your computer with an usb cable . make sure the phone is in " charging only " mode . on your pc , open a terminal ( linux ) resp . command ( cmd.exe, Windows window and change into the directory you've extractedo4xr . zip` into . ( on windows , you may need admin privileges : right click , run as administrator . on linux it did fine for me without superuser/root permissions ) now run the rooting script : windows users : type root followed by the enter key linux users : type ./root-linux.sh , also followed by the enter key any mac users ? type ./root-mac.sh , also followed by the enter key . do not worry , it will not root your mac/linux machine ( windows users : it is unlikely to root your box , either : ) do not disconnect your phone while the script runs ! wait while it does its job . during that process , the phone will reboot automatically a couple of times . the script will inform you about this in your command/terminal window . once the command/shell prompt returns , the misdeed is accomplished : ) now uninstall SystemBackupTest from your optimus . do not launch it again at this state , or you might have to start over from step 5 : ) on your phone , open up google play store and search for " supersu " . update the app when prompted , then open it . press ok to update the su binary . you now have root and can safely restore the " unknown sources " and " usb debugging " settings back to how you had them ! congratulations ! next steps are to install titanium backup , lbe privacy guard , and all the other things you might need and which require root ! hint for linux users to get adb recognize your android device these steps should work with all android phones . the example data of course should exactly fit the lg optimus p880 this question deals with . open a terminal window , and make yourself root ( sudo su - ) enter the following command : lsusb . note the output in your mind . connect your device with usb debugging enabled using an usb cable . again issue the lsusb command . now it should output an additional line which has to be the just connected android device . for the lg optimus p880 , this should read like : Bus 002 Device 103: ID 1004:61a6 LG Electronics, Inc. 1004 is the vendor id for lg , 61a6 the device id of the p880 in usb debugging mode . use your favorite editor ( still in root mode ! ) and open /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules ( if no such file exists , simply create it ) . add the below lines ( first line is optional ) , and then save the file . restart the udev daemon : service udev restart now you just need to disconnect your device . when reconnecting it for the next time , adb will see it -- as you can confirm with the adb devices command . so here are the lines for your /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules file : #LG Optimus X4 P880 SUBSYSTEMS=="usb", ATTRS{idVendor}=="1004", ATTRS{idProduct}=="61a6", MODE="0666" GROUP="androiddev", SYMLINK+="android%n" 
your tablet will come advertised with the version of android it carries in the box . when they make it they do not know what versions will be released , obviously . the packaging and advertising will say ross tablet comes with kitkat 4.4 . that does not mean i will not update my hardware with a newer version of android , but it means there is no guarantee i ever will . there is nothing that says explicitely it can not be updated , unless the hardware is insufficient to run a particular build . jellybean was heavy on resources but kitkat is much lighter . it would depend on this also . either they did not update their advertising and/or they did not update the device . there is no hard fast rule . updates to android itself are creted by google , then released to the oem . the actual updates to the device are dealth with by the oem ( manufacturer ) and released by them if they decide they want to . this is after they skin it ( touchwiz , sense , motoblur etc ) , test it and make whatever changes they decide . this is why i have a htc on 4.1 and another on 4.4 here . each manufacturer has it is own unique hardware , as does each device model . there is no concept of a ' generic ' android rom across devices . the hardware and software for it ( e . g . the oem 's camera ) is closed source and rom developers have to use their own kernels and work arounds to get these installed on the various devices . you would need to check on a device by device basis . google should tell you the answer , but xda developers is also a great resource .
as far as i know , the 3.2 update on the a500 has not been rooted ( some discussion here ) . there is one xda thread where someone has described a method of downgrading so you can root , but nothing that lets you root 3.2 in and of itself . if you want to have root access then i would suggest rooting the shipped version , then manually upgrading to a pre-rooted version of the latest ota update .
rather than a notifier and managing all of this yourself , had you thought about using a dynamic dns client ? this would allow you to always use the same name to contact your phone over the internet ( or even a local lan ) and the 3rd party would manage the problems with changing ip addresses for you . there are a number of dynamic dns clients on the market , i have not tried any , but it is a pretty common solution for machines that change ip , so i can not see why there would be a problem .
i do not know of an app that meets your exact requirements . but a simpler version that is ( in my opinion ) equally secure is an android app that listens for a specific sms message , and wipes the phone . remote wipe does this . of course , it does not entirely kill the phone 's software ( that would be very device-specific and require a modified bootloader in most cases ) ; and it might be useful to use one of the apps that reports the phone 's physical location too , if you want to recover it .
i doubt there is an answer to this beyond " because that is how google designed its apps " . android itself does not require a google account to use , only google 's proprietary applications do . cyanogenmod and other pure source builds of android are actually forbidden from distributing the google apps within the firmware package itself because of their proprietary nature , and if you install such a rom without the associated google apps add-on you will not even have the ability to add a google account in your settings . if you do not want to be tied to google then do not use the apps they produce , but also do not be surprised that they want you to sign in when using services that they provide . it is really not that different from any other app or website that requires sign in to use the services it provides , in my opinion , but if you do not like it use different apps . re : the question about why maps specifically requires a sign-in on android but not ios : the comments about the ios one being developed by apple could certainly be correct , and i do agree with those statements . in addition , apple may not want you to sign in google 's servers with their maps app . it would create a tie ( however loose it may be ) between you and google 's services , which i am sure apple is trying to discourage as much as possible to prevent customers from jumping ship to android . another angle you have to keep in mind is that google is pushing pretty hard to tie together all of its online services as much as it possibly can . based on their priorities and their business model , it makes sense that the android version would try to integrate as tightly as possible with their other services and with the web . it is in their best interest ( from a business perspective ) to try to make android apps and their web counterparts as seamless as possible in order to attract users to android who are already heavily invested in google 's products . of course , this is just conjecture on my part , i think only google could truly say why maps works the way it does .
check that the following setting is ticked : settings-> wireless and networks-> mobile networks-> data enabled also verify that the access point name settings are correct and the correct access point is chosen . you should be able to find the details of what it should be on the vodafone website . the settings are at : settings-> wireless and networks-> mobile networks-> access point names
to break the upper/lower limits of device settings , you had most likely need to tweak your rom , which requires the device to be rooted . i know there are some solutions for volume limits around ( "booster" ) , so i will not rule out they do exist here as well . to work around system settings at the " lower end " , as it is your intention , you might e.g. want to take a look at screen filter : applies a shade that acts as a dimmer to ensure your eyes do not hurt . far more powerful than android 's built-in brightness setting . great for low-light gaming , web browsing , and ebook reading . it even saves battery life for amoled displays ! so this app uses a trick by adding a semi-transparent layer on top of what is displayed , which makes the display appear " darker " . then there is also night mode , which has a similar goal ( and uses a similar method to reach it ) : night mode 's main goal is to reduce the brightness of your screen lower than you can achieve with the default settings . this application applies an overlay filter that acts as a dimmer to darken the screen and ensure your eyes do not hurt . pick your choice -- or check for another . where there are two , there might be more ( super dimmer , screen dimmer , screen filter , . . . ) . a playstore search will be your friend here ( note that that is also all what i did -- i did not use any of those solutions myself , so no guarantees : )
finally got solution after 2 days of headache . problem is my usb data cable . i have got original samsung 's usb data cable with phone but unfortunately it is not working . though charging can done via this cable . i have tries few chinese cables also but problem remains there . but as soon as i use my friend 's original samsung cable it working like a charm . so any of you have this problem first thing to do is check from another usb cable . and importantly go for oem 's original cable .
as it turns out , my problem was that i have unrooted my phone before attempting to reset to s=off . the kernel did not allow this , because the phone was , obviously , not rooted . after rerooting my phone and attempting the method above again ( i had to enter the commands in the unroot script manually . it didnt work when just running the script ) , i was able to get s=on and revert to the stock rom .
this is a suggestion , it may not meet all your critera and not all routers support it . set a second ssid on the router which is not broadcast have a simple password on this ssid with a minimal number of characters implement mac lockdown on this ssid enter the mac of your phone as the only approved connection your router will only accept connections from specific mac addresses on the new ssid , even if others guess your password .
i am not going to answer if its a good idea or not - you need to solve that for yourself : ) . having your contacts stored with google contacts will eliminate any duplicates ( at least duplicates where you have the number stored in the sim and e-mail in google , or something like that ) and allow you to manage/sync those contacts from anywhere you can access google contacts , like a computer . your are correct that it will ' backup ' your contacts so that if you were to switch phones or even carriers , you would not have to worry about bringing your contacts as long as the phone you have supports google contacts ( web or app ) . keeping your contacts on the sim allows you to keep them from google ( if you are worried about privacy ) and if you get another sim-based phone you can easily move them ( provided you keep the same sim ) . personally having my contacts in google contacts has been great . easy synchronization , use photos from picasa as contact photos , management from a computer . . . but you will have to decide for yourself which is " better " you may want to see this answer to help you move your contacts from the sim to google contacts .
widgetlocker is a great lock-screen replacement that will allow you to put any widget installed on your phone on the lock-screen . you can also configure it to allow your notification bar to be usable . the actual calendar popup i am not sure about , but i know you had be able to see it when it shows up in your notification bar , and from there you can open it up and snooze/dismiss it .
you can make an automatic nandroid backup using rom manager ( free / paid ) . open the app - go to settings and select automatic backup . you can select the time and frequency of the backups in the following screens .
i use diskusage for situations like this . it graphs the directory structure for you in a very pedagogical way to show you what directories ( and subdirectories ) that are taking up the most space . it literally solves situations like this in 15 seconds for me , because i will see a big square with the text " movies " or something on it , realizing i completely forgot i put an entire season of wonders of the universe on my device or something — or i will se a folder with a name of an app that has long since been deleted with a bunch of useless cache : ) try it out , i am not sure how well it works on non-rooted devices but i think it should work on those as well , i do not think it does anything else than list directories and add their content size up .
as suggested by @logos this works ( take care of using sudo ) : sudo mtpfs -o allow_other /media/MTPdevice  however mtpfs is very unstable on this phone so i tried go-mtpfs and i found out it works better . you can install go-mtpfs using the info provided in their site the command to mount the phone is very similar ( change the bin path according to yours ) : sudo /usr/lib/go/bin/go-mtpfs /media/MTPdevice/  automount once you are able to mount the device with the above command you can make the phone automount : you only have to add a couple of rules to udev . you will need those info : id_model ( mine is tcl_s950 ) id_model_id ( mine is 0167 ) installation path of go-mtpfs ( mine is /usr/lib/go/bin/go-mtpfs ) you can find those info running this command in a terminaludevadm monitor --environment --udev and plug/unplug your phone . now you can create/edit an udev rules /etc/udev/rules.d/99-android.rules and add these lines ( change id_model and id_model_id with yours ) : at this point everything should work , check this thread for more details : source
according to this wikipedia entry , this is enhanced version of hspa+ . now , reading from the telephony source in jellybean , depending if its gsm , between the two lines numbered 72 and 107 , there is nothing in there that indicates , the automatic detection of the usage of dc-hspa and is probably being treated as hspa+ for now in the interim , so its very highly likely that it will show up as a ' h ' or '3g ' . and then again , that is dependent on the compile-time specifications used when the rom was built , to elect to show '3g ' , ' h+' or even ' h ' on the status bar .
in xperia u you will get in to safe mode when you keep taping on menu button while the phone is booting . safe mode prevents any third-party apps from running . so if you have installed an app that might cause some serious problems with your device , boot it in safe mode to uninstall it . you can boot into normal mode by a simple restart .
android default browser uses webkit check out second paragraph : wikipedia webkit description
actually i found such an app , after a fair bit of searching . photo geolocator ( google code ) currently you can not look up locations via an address , so it only really works for nearby locations , but that is still better than having to edit images on a pc , imo .
are you sure your tags are correct , it sounds like they are not ? try looking at the files with something like mp3tag or mediamonkey they should show exactly which tags are in there and let you clear out any corrupted tags .
if you want to provide feedback and/or do have a feature request that you want to have answered it would be best to write an email provided in the android market . it is located below the description and images of the app . also you could check out the website if the developer does have a bugtracker and/or forum ( which is often the case ) .
you should be able to do this natively . android 3.0 ( and below ) : in your launcher , press and hold on a blank area and click " shortcuts " . select " drive shortcut " , then your document , and it will create a link for you . android 4.0 ( and above ) open your app drawer and jump to the widgets section . swipe until you get to " drive shortcut " . long-press and drop on your desktop . choose the account to use ( if necessary ) then select the document .
nexus s is only using 1gb of its 16gb memory for internal storage which only left 971mb for applications . this is very limited . i read this from test av google nexus s - a deep review in swedish .
in short , your phone has a locked bootloader . there is no way to unlock it ( currently ) . what does that mean to you ? basically it means you can flash " roms " , but you cannot flash a new kernel on the phone . the kernel is what controls what clockspeed slots are available on your phone to over/underclock to . for example , if someone made a gingerbread rom for the milestone , you could flash it . but you will always be stuck with the same kernel that originally came with your phone . as far as i know , you should be able to use rom manager to flash roms on your phone so long as it is rooted . it is just that none of these roms will be able to change your kernel .
hardware wise , they are almost identical ( at least to some of the us versions of the galaxy s ) but there are some differences some of the differences are : the galaxy s has 3 hardware buttons ( menu , home and back ) , the nexus s has 4 ( back , menu , search and home ) . these are the buttons below the screen . the nexus s has slightly curved glass the nexus s has an nfc chip the nexus s does not have a microsd slot . the nexus s has a flash for the rear 5mp camera the galaxy s supports bluetooth 3.0 , nexus s , bluetooth 2.1 in terms of software : the galaxy s uses the samsung rfs for a lot of the file system , the nexus s uses ext4 ext4 performs a lot better then rfs does the galaxy s runs the samsung touchwiz 2.2 ( froyo ) modified version of android , the nexus s runs " stock " android 2.3 ( gingerbread ) here is a screenshot of the i9000
( note : you may need to be rooted to do this , depending on where the app is writing these files - if you do , run su before running these commands ) install a terminal emulator on your phone . once it is finished installing , open it up and type cd /the/folder . if you have enough time to type in commands while the file exists simply type chmod -R 444 . , which will make the current directory and all subdirectories read-only . if you do not have enough time , type something like this : while true; do if ls | grep &lt;filename&gt;; then chmod -R 444 .; fi; done . leave it running in the terminal session and when the app creates &lt ; filename&gt ; it'll make the directory and its subdirectories read-only . ( all of the above can be run in adb shell if you prefer , but imo installing a terminal emulator is less of a hassle )
it sounds like you might be getting the " ding " noise discussed on this google groups post : thanks for the question . the alert chime you here indicates is a prompt for an upcoming driving maneuver . it plays in places where the text-to-speech engine is either unsupported or unavailable , but it also may play if the data connection becomes flaky during guidance and navigation is not able to process a road name in time .
i do not know about the default browser being able to -- but searching the playstore for incognito browser yielded a bunch of promising results : inbrowser promises to be a fully featured incognito/private browsing experience for android 1.6 and upwards including honeycomb and ice cream sandwich . looks like it knows nothing else than " incognito browsing " ( i.e. . no other mode ) . rated 4.3 stars with 2000+ votes , it sounds very promising . incognito private browser seems to be comparable . again a 4.3 star rating , but not yet 100 votes ( too new , i guess ) frost lite - private browser is a third example i want to mention here : rated 4.4 stars at about 1,500 votes it seems to be more feature-rich than aforementioned browsers ( e . g . offers tabbed browsing ) . for more details , just follow the links . for more examples , use the first link to my playstore search results . i would like very much to offer you a solution for the pre-installed browser as well -- but unfortunately , i a ) do not know any , and b ) i think it unlikely . of course i love to learn better -- so anybody , please correct me if i am wrong with my assumption : )
windows rt is based on entirely different system altogether - right from the bootloader up to user interface . also , windows rt is proprietary so there is a fat chance that the code would be available to make it work . what about : booting mechanism kernel drivers for the chip-set support there is far too many to mention , and quite possibly would require a re-write for it to adapt to the asus tf02 ! : ) this is equivalent to asking if apple ios can be loaded on a android handset and vice versa , in plain simple word , the answer is no - nigh on impossible and there would be so much hackery to get it to work , let alone boot .
from the jorte help pages : select menu \u2192 Settings \u2192 Data Syncronization if " select synsapplication " is not checked , tap on " select synsapplication " and have it checked . when the " calendar " item is checked , synchronizing will start immediately .
it is impossible to add any custom shortcuts to power button menu . looks like you have installed some custom rom . if that is the case , you could also try to find the rom which has this feature embedded . here 's the list of custom roms for you phone : xda-developers : all samsung galaxy mini custom roms ! the roms that are based on cyanogenmod ( cm ) have nice feature called notification power widget , it can be customized and mobile data switch could be added : if you do not want to change the rom , you still have some options : as mentioned in another comment to your question , you could use power widget , also android market contains lots of widgets specially for data switching . also you can simply automate the actions you want to do with earlier mentioned tasker or llama , which is free alternative to the tasker . with this apps you could set mobile data to be turned on or off depending on events like your location , or , screen on/off , etc .
the first thing i would suspect is that a database used by the email app is corrupted . to fix this , you need to go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications , find the email app , and clear the data for it . ( if you see anything like " email storage " be sure to clear the data for that as well ) . then re-add your account and see if that helps . if that does not work , i recommend asking your company 's it department if they have changed any settings for the exchange server recently .
my buddy with a htc evo 4g w/ android 2.2 put the sd card in his phone and had no problem reading the files on the sd card . the files were on a seperate partition that was not recognized w/ my mytouchslide using 2.1 . he was unable to format the card with his evo but had a card adapter and put it in his computer and formatted the card on his computer . : ) he said best practices are : un-mounting the sd card before you remove it from the phone putting the card back in when the phone is off backing up your sd card data regularly just in case
this was an issue with the computer i was running adb on . i took the transformer to work and adb worked perfectly first time .
after i installed the astro file manager and i went to " preview " - astro popped up , and saying , " give a filename " ok , then it saved the files ! ! ( the files must be ex . : zipped ! ! ) - and then i was able to extract the files in the zip .
at the time of this writing , there are apparently issues with the periodic timer trigger . ( according to this forum post ) using the period timer ( inexact ) trigger instead works , but is still not very consistent . ( which , yes , i realize is not to be expected since " inexact " is in the title of the trigger )
you can certainly install the amazon app store app on the emulator . first go to the settings and allow installation of apps from unknown sources , then open the browser and download this app . this will download the app store . apk , which you can then install . however , if you are planning to download and run angry birds ( or other games ) , on the emulator , you will probably find it is too slow unless you have a very fast pc . it might work ok for less demanding apps . also , beware that at the moment amazon only permits us users to download apps ( see how can i get apps from the amazon app store from an unsupported region ? ) .
ok , so this problem reoccurred a couple more times until i realised it seemed to happen after my phone restarts and sorts itself out after killing a few running services i did not need . i narrowed it down to an app called announcify . the lesson for me , and others , is to try selectively killing services to troubleshoot any such problems in future .
i am not sure what did it but it must be os dependent as once i installed cyanogenmod9 alpha6 i had those options available under performance settings and they also became available in the tasker menus as well .
i also had the same issue . incase you are on vodafone network , try and select vodafone gprs as ur default settings . it worked for me the same way . hope this suggestion helps
as i wrote in my comment , there are some special characters needing extra care when working at the shell prompt ( or in shell scripts ) . one of them is the $ sign , which usually indicates a variable . if that should be taken literally , you need to escape it ( or enclose the entire string by single quotes ) . similar rules for quotation marks . how your command should look like with an escaped $ , you can already find in eldarerathis ' answer : shell@android:/ # am start -n com.android.settings/.Settings\$PowerUsageSummaryActivity  note the " back-slash " in front of the $ -- that is the escape sign . use the same for quotation marks or blanks , if your command includes some to be taken literally , e.g. myscript.sh first\ parameter\! myscript.sh "first parameter!"  both would do the same : making the string a single parameter . in the example of your am start command , this is what happened on parsing : command : am parameter 1: start parameter 2: -S parameter 3: com.android.settings/.Settings$PowerUsageSummaryActivity has a $ , interpreting : variable $PowerUsageSummaryActivity is not set , so empty conclusion : parameter 3 is com.android.settings/.Settings note also that if you run this directly via adb shell , the command goes through shell parsing twice , so you need to escape or quote the command again , like this : user@desktop:~$ adb shell am start -n 'com.android.settings/.Settings\$PowerUsageSummaryActivity' 
thank you all . i got the solution here
in a case of letmegooglethatforyou , i found the answer . turns out , it is a single byte on the phone that determines whether the phone is gsm locked or not . someone found this , and made a nice tutorial on how to flip this byte . the instructions look scarier than they really are . the detail is not because it is complicated , but because they show every single step . the hard part for me was prepping my windows box to be able to do this ; you need motorola drivers and the .netruntime for the motorola diagnostic/programming application .
just long-tap that network on the list and click " forget network " . android will only autoconnect to networks it has previously connected to and still remembers .
that should be possible . how to realize it , depends on the android version used : for android 4.0 and earlier , the imho best solution is installing lbe privacy guard , which you can configure to issue a popup whenever a given permission was requested ( so you can decide whether to permit or deny access ) . however , do not attempt installing this on android 4.1+ , or you will end up in a boot-loop ; the xda developers have " localized versions " of lbe security master available instead ( a version i find bloated , as it tries to cover to much things ) . apart from these two , i know of no other app informing you of an access at the time it is made ( which does not mean there are not any ) . other tools might however log access so you can either see the log entry afterwards , or at least know whether an app has used that permission at all ( e . g . xprivacy ) . i am not sure how pdroid handles this , as i have never used it .
yes , it works on droid x on verizon ( although the app might have unrelated issues ) : http://androidforums.com/1208709-post1.html
odin mode is run in a very very early stage of phone boot - that is why you do not see the phone logo when entering odin mode . the virus ( if it really is the problem ) will not have a chance to execute its malicious code because the bootloader is not even running in odin mode . so yes , you can safely kies your way back to working condition , but sometimes you should use the specially created odin program ( google it , i can not give links right now as i am on a slow connection ) to flash the firmware by yourself if kies does not feel like working . just note that either way , you will have to download 1+ gb of firmware .
in this specific case your friend is correct , but it can probably vary somewhat . we will take the galaxy nexus as an example since it is a reasonably accurate internal representation of the other samsung devices . the ifixit teardown helpfully identifies all of the major components of the device and their function . in step 5 they remove the wrapping from the battery to expose the nfc antenna underneath . later , in step 12 , they identify the nfc controller on the main motherboard . putting the controller itself on the battery is perhaps possible , but i would imagine it is not really realistically feasible . for one , it would probably increase the fabrication costs of the batteries an unacceptable amount ( the antenna , conversely , is likely not very pricey ) . it would also require the battery to have some non-standard and comparatively complex circuitry to transmit data from the controller to the motherboard , whereas the antenna is basically served by a simple conductive contact to pass the signal along . this is mostly conjecture , though - i am not an electrical/hardware engineer ( i do not even play one on tv ) .
others are reporting similar issues . is your build number 4.06 , 4.08 or other ? i would suspect that if you missed the initial rollout you will have to wait a bit , since they would want to do it gradually and not overload the network . you might get prompted again later or they might enable manual upgrades at some point . verizon says you can update over wi-fi , though again it looks to be an automatic thing rather than manual , but maybe you will get a second notification if you connect to wi-fi .
i would first test by adding a 1 to a number and having them call you . android should be smart enough to treat them identically but google voice might not play nicely . i am not sure of the specifics of how gvoice works , but keep in mind that your contacts are calling google and google is calling you . somehow they pass on your contact 's number , but it is spoofed , and your phone is probably relying on the " real " number ( i.e. . google 's number ) for choosing the ringtone .
stylish 1.3b1 adds support for firefox mobile .
i got it done via iptables . first , open the terminal , run su , and type ip route show . this will show which interfaces are currently being used . in my case , i had wlan0 for the wireless hotspot and rndis0 for the usb tether . second , run the following iptables commands , replacing wlan0 and rndis0 with your actual interfaces : # iptables -I FORWARD -i rndis0 -o wlan0 -j ACCEPT # iptables -I FORWARD -i wlan0 -o rndis0 -j ACCEPT this will cause the phone to forward the traffic between the two computers . to revert back to normal settings , i simply restart my phone .
as long as the material of your clothes or bag contains no metallic element that could block the gps signal then your phone should be able to receive a gps signal fine while in your bag or pocket . i use the htc desire almost daily to record gps tracks , and generally keep it in my jacket pocket and have noticed no problems with the gps positioning . those problems i do have are related to travelling through built up areas or in buildings . you should remember that gps can be less accurate in dense urban areas as the receiver may be able to see some sky , but that patch of sky may not contain enough gps satellites for a direct fix . the signal may also be affected by weather , particularly humidity . have you tried any other applications , as it could perhaps be the app that is causing the poor performance you are seeing . for recording running i can particularly recommend runkeeper , i have been using it for six months now and it works really well , plus has some really good online features . for general gps recording the my tracks app is also pretty good . i would suggest trying a couple of different apps and comparing the results . if they are all showing gaps or jumps in the gps track then it may well be something to do with the way you are using your phone ( or the area you are in ) .
why is the android stock browser still alive ? as of june this year , 15.7% ( 0.8+14.9 ) of users still use android 2.2 and 2.3 . x ( froyo and gingerbread ) , since chrome supports only android 4.0+ , these users can not use chrome for android . also android 4.0 ( ics ) , which has 12.3% of users , does not come with chrome preinstalled . moreover , i think the stock browser still comes preinstalled in all android jellybean phones ( version 4.1 . x , 4.2 . x and 4.3 . x ) , which is used by 58.4% ( 29.0+19.1+10.3 ) of users . that means the stock browser is still preinstalled on 86.4% ( 15.7+12.3+58.4 ) of android phones . the above should be the reason why the stock browser is still being widely used . a lot of users do not bother downloading or changing the default/preinstalled browser . there are no technological advantages of using stock browser over chrome for android . google has already phased out the stock browser in android kitkat ( 4.4 ) . chrome for android is licensed from google , while the stock browser is not . also , oems can modify the stock browser if required but not chrome . so from a business perspective , it is actually better for google , if oems use chrome . but some oems do not like being dependent on google too much . to say more is beyond the scope of this answer . if you want more info go here and here . google has been slowly shifting the core of android from aosp to it is closed source and licensed google apps and the browser is one of the last components in this roadmap .
the easiest solution is to simply use airplane mode . the wifi chip still works but the cell radio will be turned off , so you have no voice , sms or cellular data capabilities . this will be in your settings somewhere , probably Settings-&gt;Wireless and Networks-&gt;Airplane mode . you may need to explicitly re-enable your wifi after turning on airplane mode ( ex : my phone disables wifi at first , but i can just turn it back on ) . some phones also allow you to toggle airplane mode from the power menu , but i do not know if this is a standard feature of the android os .
after a lot of googling around , i found 2 possible solutions : hardware solution : kensington noise reducing aux audio cable - have not tried it myself . yet some guys at android central report it worked for them . software solution : aux noise filter app - tried it on my galaxy note . works like a charm .
this problem is a known bug in android 2.1 ( do not know if it is still present in newer versions ) . there is not much that you can do except being careful not to send too big emails . from my experience , it will eventually be sent but it can take up to a day . be careful because it will block all the emails you sent after the large one ! it seems they need to be sent in the order they were created . a solution to this problem is to use the dropbox application , to upload your pictures to dropbox , to " long press " on the filename , then " share . . . " and " share a link " by email to your recipients . this will only send a link by email so the message will not block as it does with large files .
yes you can do it by using this number saver app . app description is as follows : save a number while you are in a phone call , and dial it right after . access during call from notification bar , or from app icon to pull notification bar in the call screen , press home first ( android limitation ) the app has two modes for number or note : save it to the clipboard ( which later you can ' paste ' it wherever you like ) save it in the internal app memory on both you can later access the last saved number or note and create a contact , dial or sms .
do not worry vinit , one of the standard way for payment gateways ( including google checkout and paypal , paisapay etc ) to validate your account is by deducting a small amount ( typically 1 usd or an approximate equivalent 50 inr ) and returning it in next few days . please wait for few days and while doing so , please observe for any reversal of 50 inr . if you see a credit to your payment account then all fall in order .
touiteur has been updated today and now has filtering . please note that this feature may just be the paid version . i will update this answer with a link and qr code when i have confirmed those details . edit : it would seem that filtering is not a premium feature . the filtering can be found under the mute settings in touiteur -> more -> mute . you can choose to mute text ( inc . hashtags ) , users and apps ( sources ) . touiteur homepage
apps store user data in different ways : some store the data on the sd car in a public folder and as long as you do not manually delete the folder after you uninstall the app , it will still be there when you reinstall . other apps store data this way but have their configuration data in the secured portion of the internal memory and that data is lost when you uninstall ( example : podcast app that stores the podcasts , and they subscription data on the sd card but the login , password and settings data internally . you will still have your podcasts and subscriptions but you will have to re-enter the other data ) . some apps store all their data in the protected memory so you will lose everything when you uninstall unless you use some kind of backup utility . angry birds stores data in the protected portion of the internal memory and all is lost when you uninstall . there are apps that specifically backup angry birds data and other apps that backup apps . there are so many there is no point in mentioning them here but just search the market for " angry birds backup " or " app backup " . titanium backup is the best in my opinion but you need to be rooted to use it , while others you do not .
try pressing and holding the power button . this should bring up a dialog box with several options , once of them being to turn off the phone .
for that , you had need a local dns server on your local network , which gets updated by the dhcp server assigning the ip to that machine ( many routers offer this feature ) . you can then tell your android device to use that dns as primary when connected to your wifi network , while leaving the secondary as-is ( so the latter would still resolve everything outside your network ) . this option is located in the wifi apn settings : long-press the entry for your home wifi , select to edit it , enable " advanced options " .
i have bad news : it almost impossible to get data from your internal storage if your mobile does not turn on . first we need to know more about the problem : what do you mean under not turn on ? does it light up or no signal at all ? what if you plug it into the charger ? can you see any lights flash up ? can you get into recovery ? if none of the above happen , then i need to ask : is your important data stored on your sd card ? most apps store their user data on sd card so you can access them if you pull out your sd card and read from that . if you re-install android , you will lose your internal data so if you have lots of important things on your phone ( not your sd card ) you should not reinstall without backup colornote does not store your data internally but uploads to the cloud . see their faq
as of now ( unless someone can correct me ) there is no app that will monitor sprint 4g wimax data . although , it can be found by calling information *4 from a sprint phone and pressing 4 to hear details of the individual phone use . the 4g data will be listed , and can be sent in a text message to the phone ( if desired ) by pressing 2 .
there is a paid app called eprint , which i believe works locally to printers attached to a wireless network ( printers themselves do not need to be wireless ) and does not appear to use a cloud service or need a pc in most cases . they have a free eprint version that you can use to test the functionality before you pay for the full eprint version . next there is printbot , this " network printer driver " supports 1,000s of printer types connected to a local network . the free version lets you print a few pages to test , the full paid printbot pro licensed version is unlimited . try both of those out and see which one works with your printer and apps . there are also some free proprietary apps that work with specific hardware , hp eprint should work , but only to hp printers ( both older network enabled ones and newer eprint enabled networked ones ) , samsung mobileprint should work ( but only for samsung printers ) . motoprint lets you print to a lot of different printer types as long as they are connected to a wireless network ( do not have to be wireless printers ) , annoyingly you can only install it on motorola devices , so not putting down as an answer for you but someone else might find it useful .
still no way without root . ( but i will post some quick links for root users . the old method ( need to edit settings . db with sqlite database browser ) : http://blog.pathany.com/2011/12/swype-on-kindle-fire.html new easier methods : [ guide ] get swype working without having to edit settings . db four simple steps to use alternative keyboards with kindle fire utility it is rather easy to obtain and revert root .
install go sms pro and use its Mark all read option ( its in More tab of options menu ) . as data container of text messages are shared between apps , changes will be reflected in stock messaging app too .
they are nothing to do with your app , and they are not really errors . as you might have guessed , they are just reporting changes in the light sensor state . ( that is the sensor that controls the screen brightness . ) samsung roms are particularly known for having very ' noisy ' log output , owing to samsung being a little slapdash about software integration . in contrast , nexus devices tend to have very clean logs , because google engineers are aggressive about disabling logging when code is committed . you can filter the log messages in eclipse ( or when you use adb logcat on the command-line ) .
most likely the video player registered a listener to be notified on " usb connected " . if you want to keep the app but get rid of that annoyance , the only way goes via root . you will not need a custom rom for that -- just an app like autorun manager pro which allows you to disable listeners of any app : as the screenshot shows , autorun manager lists up all apps along with their registered listeners . check here for your video player app , find the responsible listener , and remove the checkmark in front of it . that should do it . if you do so for some apps , and some day decide to remove autorun manager , your restrictions would persist unless you reset them before uninstalling arm ( the app has a " revert " option , and can even revert all changes at once ) . if you forgot that , and want to re-enable disabled listeners , the only way is to re-install the affected app ( not arm , that will not help as it remembered its actions in its settings , which are removed when you uninstall the app ) .
most apps do this now to protect the user 's mobile data usage . knowing that most data plans are limited ( 200 mb a month , in the case of my roommate ) , developers prevent users from , say downloading a 45 mb game from the play store/amazon app store via mobile network , as this would not be beneficial , seeing as it would take almost 1/4 of your data and would take a significant amount of time and battery . same goes with uploading . most apps do this as an option , though some ( in the case of the amazon app store ) will block you completely from performing these actions without wi-fi . but no , this is not an issue with your carrier . i have sprint ( and unlimited data ) and i am still forced to download certain apps and upload pictures through various services only through wi-fi . note : i have found that some apps that prevent wi-fi-less downloads ( i.e. . amazon app store ) allow me to do these on my network as long as it is over 4g . if you have this option , try it and see if it works for you as well !
if the water finds its way into the circuitry and causes a short , that could be bad , but i do not think there is any good way to quantify how likely that is to happen to any phone . i have a moto droid and get it a little wet all the time and have never had a problem , although i have heard of people bricking their phone under the same circumstances . if you do actually get it wet and it dies , it may not be bricked . after it dries out it will probably work again . you can aid the process by putting the phone in some rice or just blowing dry warm air on it . it is also worth noting that many phone manufacturers install moisture detecting stickers inside the phone . on the droid it can been seen through a little hole under the battery cover that shows red plus signs on a white background . if that gets wet , it'll bleed and that way if you try to return a broken phone and say it just died the tech can see if you got the phone wet , and even if that is not why it died , it'll void your warranty .
yes , preloading has been removed from version 5.6 ( and above ) . to make way for some upcoming mobile features , we removed the preloading feature on the youtube app for android . we apologize for any inconvenience , and we look forward to bringing these new features to you .
i have a quick step-by-step guide to help you " join " your contacts - in other words , take two separate contacts and make them one ! open the people application . navigate to one of your duplicate contacts ( any one will do ) and tap it to open it up . in the top-right corner , tap the 3 dots . this is the settings menu . select " edit " . again , in the top-right corner , tap the 3 dots . select " join " . android will now ask you to select which contact to join this contact with . select one of the other duplicates of this contact and android will join the contacts into one contact ! rinse and repeat until all of the duplicate contacts have been " joined " into one single contact .
the problem was partially solved . download . apk file from the device ( with airdroid for example ) remove assets/fonts directory from the archive install the application with modified . apk file i suspect that this bug appears again with every application update , so this fix has to be repeated after every update
problem may be caused by http proxy server . proxies help to manage web traffic on the providers end , but can and probably will disrupt access to local addresses . proxy options may be available in your network settings , but on many phones these options are hidden . an app such as http proxy settings will give access to the hidden settings . simply clear out the hostname and port for un-proxied access . make sure to write down original values so changes can be undone .
there is not anything built in but you can use an app such as changelog droid . you would need to add the apps you wish to be notified for to the observed list within the app .
i was having the same problem with my phone until i uninstalled the turntable . fm app . this is the post that clued me into the fix : https://forums.motorola.com/posts/bc23079218
it just can not be done . similarly whatsapp too does not work on non gsm devices .
the camera api within android is not written to be able to capture raw . the camera firmware is at the kernel level and would require a custom kernel that is written with raw in mind . some of the post processing is being handled on the phone at the camera firmware level making it nearly impossible to find a way to actually capture raw images .
your google profile picture and your google+ account can have different pictures . i am sure most other google apps probably use the google profile picture . make sure they are the same .
in the Settings -> Accounts &amp; Sync , select your gmail account , in there you will see " sync contacts " . you can uncheck that and the device will not sync your contacts to gmail , nor will your gmail contacts sync to your device . as onik said too , you can have it show only people with phone numbers too .
simple answer : no . on my device ( lg p990 optimus 2x ) the path changed after upgrading from 2.3 to 4.0 . currently the path on my device is /mnt/sdcard/external_sd . so this is highly dependent on the device provider or on the version .
app data usually go below /data/data/&lt;package_name&gt; ( in case of chrome : /data/data/com.android.chrome ) . but those directories are only accessible by the app itself , and by the system/root – so unless your device is rooted , you will not have much luck checking there . concerning the file-system hierarchy , you might wish to first consult the file-system tag-wiki , and then follow up to android folder hiearchy .
i can see how you had be confused by that . it does not indicate that your phone is rooted , just that the kernel was compiled by the root user ( on a dell build machine , apparently ) ! if you look at /system/build.prop ( probably requires root to look , ha ) you will see some other similar information about the build . mine says " jaeyoon . yoon@sep-05" for the same info .
over wi-fi install a small app swiftp ftp server . ( original link ' dead ' - 2012-09-22 , see 'http://ppareit.github.com/swiftp/' instead ) just , setup username and password . after tapping Start button , your device will become ftp server and the app will give you url ( handy if you do not know device ip and ftp url format ) . on pc , you can use any ftp client software to access file system of device . windows explorer works , too . you can also create a network drive in computer . for example , you can visit this in address bar of windows explorer : ftp://192.168.1.10:2121/  here , 192.168.1.10 is ip of android device and 2121 is port on which ftp server is working ( you can configure port in app , too ) . visiting it will ask you username and password . enter what you specified in app . done ! the app will not give you url if device is not connected to pc using external wi-fi router , but it works in those situation too . if you have made device wi-fi hotspot and connected pc with ad-hoc network , then you will have to find device ip by yourself ( ipconfig /all command is fine with windows ) . it really works as long as you have ip of device ( i have tested it by myself ) . just , use this ip in ftp url and visit it . the interesting thing : as ftp is universal standard , this method will work with any pc , mac . that is not true for samba file share , airdroid etc . over bluetooth there is no need of external app . if bluetooth software on pc supports obex ftp , you can do this directly . if you have issues with stock bluetooth services , install bluetooth file transfer app . it supports both obex ftp and opp . means , you can do both-side file system access : device to pc and pc to device !
the xperia z supports usb-on-the-go , so with a usb-otg adaptor and a usb keyboard you should be able to enter the encryption passphrase to boot the device .
the facebook home app does not really do much itself . it gets all its data from the main facebook app , so it does not need to access the internet . doing any action from the launcher uses an intent to launch the main facebook app , so it does not need to ( say ) access your location or take photos to make posts : only the main facebook app does . to take another example , say you use facebook home to " like " something . facebook home does not go to facebook 's servers : it tells the main facebook app ( on your phone , so not using the internet ) to " like " the thing . then the main facebook app ( which does have the internet permission ) uses the internet to tell facebook 's servers about the " like " . the same goes for the size . all the facebook functionality , sync code , custom button graphics , libraries , and so on are in the main facebook app , so why would they duplicate them in facebook home ? facebook home probably just has a little code for laying out the home screen , a few icons , and the information android needs to understand that the app is a launcher . the apps can use each other this way because they are both by the same developer . ( actually there is a little more to it than that , but that is the first requirement . ) android verifies this by looking at the signatures on each app to check they were both signed with the same private key : in this case , a key that facebook ( the company ) has . without this private key , another developer can not create another app ( or modify this app ) that can use the facebook app like this . it is also possible for an app to create a new type of permission . so , as an example , the main facebook app could create a " read my facebook timeline " permission , and then i could write an app dan 's bookface , which would be able to request that permission in order to read the timeline directly from the facebook app , without needing the " internet " permission . when you install dan 's bookface , you had see " read my facebook timeline " in the list of permissions just like you do with the permissions built into the system .
if you have the kindle app installed , just open it and it should show a selection of the books you have purchased from the kindle store . books that have not been downloaded to your device yet are available via the " archived items " menu option that pops up when you press your device 's menu , you should be able to select and download any books there . if you have downloaded kindle compatible books from elsewhere on the internet , then if you move them into the " kindle " folder on your sd card , they should appear in the listing of books when you open the kindle app . you have two options to do this : plugging your phone into a pc and mounting the sd card as an external drive , using one of the many android file manager apps that are available from google play store .
it works out that you just have to keep trying . the power and volume down together ( for around a second ) will eventually yield a screenshot about 1 time out of a hundred . took a look at most of the apps out there and they either need you to root the device or install loads of other stuff , work for phones rather than tablets or just do not work . guess i am stuck with the crazy combination !
just flash the original / stock rom for your phone . but first , make sure to clear data / factory reset , wipe cache , and clear dalvik cache .
it is a safety factor . depending on the exact method , the rooting process can take a hour or more and if you run out of juice in the middle of the process , your phone can wind up bricked .
here is what i would do : clean way your sd card image is stored in the following location : ~/.android/avd/&lt;avd name&gt;.avd/sdcard.img  stackexchange-url so , if your avd is named screen_large , then your image file would be at : ~/.android/avd/SCREEN_LARGE.avd/sdcard.img  i am using a mac but i am sure the location for the . android folder should be inside of your ' user ' folder as well . you can then duplicate this file and then use it with another avd . less clean way copy all of your files/folders that you want off of the old image from adb : adb pull &lt;dir or file&gt;  how to use adb pull then , using adb create a brand new image : mksdcard &lt;size&gt; &lt;file&gt;  mksdcard can be found in the tools/ directory of your sdk folder . then load the avd with the new image : emulator -sdcard &lt;filepath&gt;  once the avd has loaded your new image , you can then push your files : adb push &lt;dir or file&gt;  info taken from google page : http://developer.android.com/tools/devices/emulator.html#sdcard i hope this helped !
technically , one can override the version requirement by cracking open the . apk file and editing the manifest . xml file and setting the android:minSdkVersion attribute in the &lt;uses-sdk&gt; element to your sdk version ( or simply remove that attribute altogether , in which case it will default to "1" and assume it will work on any android version ) , then using your modified . apk file to install it . however , this is almost always a bad idea . the developer of the application presumably set that requirement to the value it is because they actually do need something introduced in that sdk version . if they did not , they had set it to something else or omit it . trying to make the app run on an android version missing those features it needs is likely to cause havoc , crashes , force-closes , and other unhappiness . in the case of google-made apps , i would assume they knew exactly what functionality their app uses and when it was introduced and that it would definitely break in some manner without that functionality when they set the minsdkversion for their app , and thus trying this trick will almost certainly fail . but if the developer is just a lazyish type who insisted upon setting the attribute ( probably to the current version ) without much thought about whether it is really needed ( i.e. . " i do not feel like going through my code and checking what functionality i actually use and when google added it to android , so i will just set the minsdkversion to the current version of android" ) , it might just work . or the missing functionality might only be used in some part of the app you never use , and thus the brokenness is irrelevant to you .
when in your wifi settings , could you try pressing menu ( or clicking the overflow dots ) , and selecting Settings . once done , untick the Avoid poor WiFi networks option , and see if it will now connect . also , restart the router .
i found the setting , and something interesting as well : Settings &gt; Accessibility &gt; Flash notification  when i came into the settings it was already unchecked , yet my phone was exhibiting behavior as if it was . i had to check the setting and exit the menus . then i went back in to uncheck the setting and exited the menus again . this time the setting took effect - my camera light is no longer flashing . hope this helps others in the same situation .
( edit ) new solution : you can revert to your complete old behaviour . it needs some hacking though and might be illegal ( decompile and recompile google app ) solution proposal : use apktool to decompile and change the whole namespace from com . google . android . googlequicksearchbox to com . google . android . googlequicksearchbox 2 of a working old . apk ( see . zip below , mind the 2 in the end ) , then recompile and install the newly crafted package . result : old and new ( broken ) provider can be installed next to each other at the same time because they have a different namespace ( . *searchbox 2 instead of . *searchbox ) . just find out which one is the old one and use that . benefits : no root required , permanent ( cannot be taken away ) drawbacks : you get 2x the same widget offering ( 1x from the old , 1x from the new ) , so you have to find out which works and which not my test so far ( 'apktool ' is an alias to ' java -jar /usr/local/bin/apktool . jar ' on my machine , fyi ) : ( edit : old solution ) what would be nice to know : does this only affect samsunng and google 's us customers ? according to androidcentral , samsung now deploys this update as a stability fix globally . it is most probably this package , that got " updated " : com . google . android . googlequicksearchbox ( located at /system/app/googlequicksearchbox . apk ) having root is definitely required to revert the situation . i would however decide to get rid of samsungs firmware altogether and install cyanogenmod for example ( this might even be easier than getting root in the first place on the orginal firmware ) . you might want to " reinstall " the unaffected version from the last firmware or one of a euro firmware ( if they are not stripped ) . for example , this archive from the popular goo . im hosting site will most probably have a working ( older ) . apk that has the functionality you miss . it is a generic installation package for the popular cyanogenmod aftermarket firmware that holds all relevant proprietary packages from google ( they had to be stripped off cyanogenmod by google 's request some time ago ) . you can open it with any unzip program and extract the /system/app/googlequicksearchbox . apk package . that is how i would do it ( using the adb tool from the google sdk : i used application explorer to generate this listing and see where the . apk is located : App Name: Google-Search Package Name: com.google.android.googlequicksearchbox [...] Source Directory: /system/app/GoogleQuickSearchBox.apk  you can get the version of ' google-search ' by going to settings-> apps-> all-> google search , which lists the current version . mine ( the same as in the above mentioned . zip is : 1.4.1.299849 )
while file expert is a good app there are great apps out there . i was hesitant to switch because i did not want to install another app for ftp sharing , but i discovered solid explorer . it is the best file manager app for android , bar none . it has an exceptional text editor with optional monospace font ( ! ) , size setting and line wraps can be disabled ! and of course root support out of the box . all for the great price of 0$. ( thought it is in beta , so that might change . ) it also includes ftp/sftp/smb/cifs browsing , support for google drive , dropbox , box and skydrive . and so many other goodies that there is not enough space here to list it all .
the free space difference can be accounted by three relevant factors that may end up giving you some misleading information about the real space available on your internal storage : the free space reported the free space reported at the end of the " manage applications " screen is rounded to mb , and it gives you a general free space estimation based on the moment you opened said screen , and it gets updated from time to time ( by my tests about every minute ) . i have mentioned " rounded " because if you access the " storage settings " panel , you will get a clear picture regarding the free space available , down to kb . the app allocation as already mentioned by t0mm13b , an application may be entirely moved to the sdcard or leave a portion behind , this issue is more related with the development of the application itself and there is no standard rules to follow . i have performed an exercise with " angry birds " , and while the download mentioned 20mb , after installed it consumed 24mb . after moving it to the sdcard using the option for this end under " manage applications " screen , 1.85mb were left behind on the internal storage , plus 4kb of data . temporary system files from other applications or running services while i was writing this answer , the free space reported varied between 2mb , this tells us that the os is constantly creating and freeing up space depending on the stuff running . there may exist other factors that concern the ext4 file system specifications used by gingerbread , but i do not believe they better account for the 2mb difference . by the three points mentioned above , while performing an exercise with the application you have mentioned using a device with a stock gingerbread rom , i have managed to account for 2mb of difference , just like the space you have mentioned . determine internal and external space occupied following up on the comments , regarding a way to accurately know how much an app occupies on the device , and being able to view it by external or internal storage , the most accurate application i am currently using is sandisk memory zone by sandisk corp . available for free from google play store . open the application select the desired storage check the details about it
i am sorry but your device cannot play high-res videos . your device should be able to handle videos up to 640*360 , this is the resolution of hq youtube . note that there is absolutely no point in watching hd videos on your phone . it has a screen resolution of 240 x 320 . anything above this will be scaled down to fit the screen .
install the app from play store and use astro file manager to backup apps . from backup directory , you can get apk files of the installed app .
if you do not mind to end up with cyanogenmod9 ( ice-cream-sandwich ) : here 's the full update guide from cyanogenmod 's wiki : http://oldwiki.cyanogenmod.org/wiki/nexus_s:_full_update_guide here are builds ( go for release candidates or stable builds for cm9 ) : http://get.cm/?device=crespo recovery images are here : http://www.clockworkmod.com/rommanager/ flash via ' fastboot flash recovery [ recovery . img ]
there are several gestures which are not really supported on mobile devices including right clicking , hovering and most keyboard shortcuts . it is up to website developers to recognize this when designing their user interfaces and either build in alternative gestures or simply rely on universal input methods like clicking/tapping . your best bet would be to contact the owner of the website you are having trouble with .
you can install cyanogen now , and in the event of an official update , go back to the stock rom . steps to install cyanogenmod in asus tf300t : http://wiki.cyanogenmod.org/w/install_cm_for_tf300t
from @eldarerathis -- do you have busybox installed ? have you tried mount -o bind /path/to/dir1 /path/to/dir2 ( i think the busybox version supports that on android ) ?
you could simply use a bluetooth/wifi mouse app like premotedroid . there are a bunch of others , and generally speaking they just allow your device to be used as a mouse/keyboard input . if you can pair with your pc it should work , although i have never tried it myself ( i do use premotedroid to pair with and remotely control my xoom , though ; works great ) . another option would be some kind of vnc or remote desktop client , but that is not as lightweight and some of them do not support linux ( splashtop , for example , does not have a linux server , iirc ) .
yes . page camera is now included in the evernote widgets . add it to your droid screen just like you would any of the other evernote widgets .
silent mode definitely is not supposed to mute media or alarms . both of those are controlled by you , unlike calls and other notifications that are caused by external events . you would not want to miss your alarm just because you forgot your phone was on silent : ) but it is definitely strange that it disables the volume controls entirely , that must be a motorola thing . you could try the audio manager app for better control over the settings . it does not sync the media volume to the ringer volume , but you can use profiles to quickly set up one where both are muted and then it is easy to switch with a click or two . it also manages alarms , notifications , in-call volume , and " system volume " ( probably the noises you can enable for when you click things and so on ) .
yes . see : can i install apps on phone without using the android market ? you can not install directly to the sd card . in many cases you can move much of the app and its data to the sd card , but the os and the app have to support it . even then , you need to install normally and then move it , and you can not move 100% . not without a custom rom , and maybe not even then .
this permission is of moderate-high importance . this allows the application to read what accounts you have and the usernames associated with them . it allows the app to interact with permission related to that account . an example would be an app that was restoring your contact , would discover your google account then send you to google 's login screen . it does not actually get to see your password , but it gets to work with the account . this is also legitimately used by applications to add contacts to your accounts , such as dialer replacements and contact managers/backup/sync/etc . source
if you have root you can do as suggested and use titanium backup to remove the stock email app . if you are not rooted you can remove the duplicate notification by going into the stock email app , settings , and then delete your email account from the app . if you want to keep your account you can also go into your phone settings and find the application manager , swipe over to the all apps tab , find the stock email app and uncheck show notifications ( if your android version is jelly bean ) .
in system -> sound and display -> system volume you can set it , unfortunately the power on/off sound is also tied to the touch feedback sound ( ie you press a button , hear a sound ) . if that is not a problem , turn it all the way down and problem solved . .
you almost always lose root when installing an ota update . i would keep an eye on rootzwiki or droidforums for someone to confirm that it can be rooted or someone to release a rooted update .
every mobile battery has an inbuilt thermistor , ( which is a transducer which varies its resistance with respect to its temperature ) with which the charging circuit constantly measures the battery temperature . it can even prevent charging the battery if the temperature reaches dangerous level and by controlling its temperature , the life of battery is increased . mobile battery has more than two terminals , one of which is for this thermistor . see the image in my question asked in this site .
there is an outstanding bug on this , from november 2008 , with no sign of a fix . it is a real pita , and a really obvious issue .
i assume from your posting that resetting the phone fixed the problem ( temporarily ) . if you want the problem fixed for good , you can help by trying to narrow down the problem further . this will allow you to address the right people with a very specific request of what needs to be fixed . you should : try to reproduce the problem . install the apps you previously had on your phone one by one until the problem re-occurs . if you can not reproduce it , there is not much chance of getting this anywhere further . if you can reproduce it : try the offending application on a different type and brand of phone . if the problem exists on all phones , contact the author of the application about the problem and consider raising an issue with google on their issue tracker . otherwise try the offending application on a different phone of the same model and brand . if the problem occurs there too , contact htc telling them which application has that effect and on which phone is does have that effect . also consider filing and issue with google as above . otherwise , if only your phone is affected , it is probably save to assume it is a hardware defect with your phone . return it for repairs .
with a little extra care ( such as taking backups first in case you want to go back ) , if you have root , simply rm-ing the .apk in /system/app is sufficient to remove system apps . take care though , as removing certain apps may cause the system or other apps to crash .
you can do this with an app called grooveip : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.gvoip i have it on my og droid , which is no longer activated on vzw , and use it as my " house phone " with my google voice number .
i fixed it ! the trick was to clear the cache and data for google keyboard . settings => apps => all* => google keyboard => {clear data , clear cache} * be sure to go to ALL instead of RUNNING . the instance under RUNNING will not give you the correct data clearing options .
i finally found the solution in this tutorial in french : http://forum.frandroid.com/topic/180104-tuto-flash-arnova-10dg3-rom-uberoid-jeally-bean-411-root%c3%a9e/ it seems like the firmware from arnova is somehow incomplete . i installed a rooted rom .
from my post to the link gathrawn called out ; encrypt the phone&#39 ; s internal storage android 3 ( honeycomb ) offers full system encryption natively . however , as it is only for tablets at this point i will post some other avenues . there was some work done on this for the g1 using luks and cryptsetup . i think i have seen this on a moto droid rom too , but you will definitely need root . it is not trivial to do , and there is not too much interest so popular roms like cyanogenmod do not provide for this natively . there are some apps in the market that support encrypted file stores ( check out lock files . i have no idea how transparent that is on the system however . to your italicized point on remote wipe . there are many solutions for this . if you are using exchange you can push this with activesync , if not apps like lookout , and more provide remote wipe and other functions . there are even manual ways w/ dyndns and a listening ssh server .
most barcode readers can recognize addresses . for calendar entries , this might vary ; but give qr droid a try , which promises not only to read , but also create them : contacts , bookmarks , apps , geo-locations , events , and even sms can be encoded as well as decoded . also 2d barcodes ( on products ) should be supported .
yes , adding a second account and disabling sync on the original one will work as you are expecting . you will retain the ability to install and use apps you purchase with the original account , while having the sync enabled only on your wife 's account will ensure the data from your own account is not present on her phone .
there is no native way to do this , as android simply does not support it . any wallpaper which is not a live wallpaper will be displayed as a static image . specifically , romain guy notes in a comment on the android issue tracker that all regular wallpapers are saved as png images after cropping . there is no way to change this behaviour aside from modifying the android source code . there are some third-party apps that will allow you to use an animated gif as a wallpaper , such as animgif live wallpaper . the downside , though , is that i believe all of these will be live wallpaper applications , which sort of defeats the purpose .
i finally figured out how to fix this . i do not know if this is the best way to do this , and if this is unique to just this phone , but here 's what worked for me : rebooted the phone unlocked it at the lock screen that popped up when i came to the activation setup pages , i pulled down the notifications shade " quick settings " > > " all settings " > > home button i am not sure how exactly this worked ( glitch or bug , maybe ? ) , but it did . thanks for all the help !
i have discovered a solution for this problem . the only apparent way around it is to change the keyboard from the default keyboard to the swype keyboard . click here if you would like to know what swype is ; at first i was a little dubious , but it really is quite marvellous and accurate ! why this resolves the problem , i do not know , but i am just happy that it does and am certain that this will provide some respite to those of you who are also experiencing this annoying problem .
you can find your cached videos here : /data/data/com . facebook . katana/files/video-cache nb : to open that path , you will need your phone to be rooted and a root explorer
on my device running 2.2 froyo , that method ( from 2.1 ) was replaced by long-pressing on text to select it . two " handles " appear at each end of the selection , and you can drag them wherever you want ( e . g . to the top and the bottom ) . maybe try that . if it does not work , what android version are you using ?
power saving mode ( by default ) turns off some vibration , but it should only turn off the " haptic feedback " vibration ( vibration when you touch certain ui controls ) . you can change that by going to settings , power saving mode , and unchecking " turn off haptic feedback " . that is the mode i run my sgs3 in all the time . to get vibration working for text messages , you also need to enable vibration in the settings of the Messaging app itself ( i am not sure which settings you were referring to when you said that you " went into settings and enabled everything that has the word " vibrate " in it" ) . to do that , go to the conversation list in the messaging app ( not an individual conversation ) , hit the menu button , then select settings . look for the " notification settings " section and check " vibrate " . to get vibration working for incoming calls , there is a similar setting in the Phone app . launch the Phone app , make sure you are on the Keypad , Logs , or Favorites tab , tap the menu button , select Call settings . then select Ringtones and keypad tones and select Incoming call vibration . the Device vibration will let you modify the vibration pattern used ( so you can tell an incoming call from a text message / email ) . to get to the Phone and Messaging apps : press the " home " button at the bottom of the phone ( the physical button in the middle ) . that brings you to your home screen . the touch the " apps " button ( it looks like 9 square white dots , and is usually on the lower right of the home screen ) . that will bring up a list of all applications installed on the phone . scroll through looking for an app named Messaging ( or Phone ) . the icon for the Messaging app looks like a white envelope with a yellow piece of paper coming out of it . the icon for the Phone app looks like a green square with a white phone receiver on it . tap the app icon , then follow the instructions for each app above to activate vibration for text messaging and incoming calls .
simple things the obvious group of settings that needs to be changed ( simply by selecting the appropriate value ) is the interface language , time zone . keyboard one unexpected difficulty is the input method . the factory samsung os ( from another region ) does not include a samsung russian keyboard , nor does it include the standard android keyboard ( which might have a russian keyboard ) . further complication : the standard android keyboard cannot be installed separately ! as a solution , i chose to install anysoftkeyboard ( which is also available on f-droid , which guarantees it is free/open-source , can be rebuilt from sources , and has been inspected by more people for not having spying features ) . then in its settings menu , i chose to download a russian pack . mobile networks and internet for internet to work , one needs to set up an apn ( for example , for megafon , a russian mobile operator , one needs to add a new apn with " internet " as the value for the field " apn " -- the only essential field ; and select it ) . ( regressions ) ( still , as compared to samsung galaxy s sold in russia , this one has much more unstable connection to the mobile network ( loses the connection , i.e. , is offline very often ) . perhaps , this can be solved by upgrading the rom/modem firmware from the present android 2.2 i9000xxjpk ( kernel 2.6.32.9 ) froyo . xxjpk . )
what if you used tasker/locale with this plugin ? you could then turn off data using apndroid .
you might want to take a look at autowipe for that : use autowipe to automatically and permanently wipe your internal and external data by doing a factory reset . enterprise and business users should find this useful ! this is meant to be used in case your device gets stolen , misplaced , or lost . automatically wipes for : failed passwords to unlock screen , sms password received , subscriber id changed ( sim card ) . use the new integrated test mode to test all these cases . locks the screen while wiping . the app does not require root , according to its playstore description . ( click to enlarge )
deodexed roms do not have the . odex files integrated into the . apk 's , they are removed . what eldareathis meant in his answer to the other question is that the reliance of the . apk 's on the . odex files is removed ; some information is integrated back into the . apk , but not the actual . odex file itself . the deodexing section of this page has technical details : http://code.google.com/p/smali/wiki/deodexinstructions deodexed roms may be slightly slower because of this ; however i believe that as the dalvik cache is built up from using the rom , the performance gap is minimized .
is something like this available somewhere ? not at the moment , although there are a couple vim-style text editor : vim touch avim editor however these are currently implemented as an application , not as an ime . what would it take to develop it ? what places in android must be modified ? is there some easy plugin framework where you just fill in some functions and you provide a new text editing method ? android provides the framework for creating custom keyboard ( officially known as ime ) . anyone that is interested in creating a vim-style ime for android should check out creating input method .
answer to your first question : no specific processes needed . when you connect your sdcard to pc via sdcard reader , you can see a new drive is mounted on you pc . just copy necessary files to pc and similarly copy same files to new sdcard . answer to your first question : yes . your mobile will recognize your new sdcard when you mount it to your mobile .
you first have to convert both dates to seconds using variable convert . then subtract those two values to get the number of seconds between the two dates and convert that value to the number of days by /24/60/60 ( hours/minutes/seconds ) . here is a sample task that illustrates using 08-01-2014 as %startdate and today ( %date ) which is 08-23-2014 as %today . the result is 22 days . a1: variable set [ name:%startdate to:08-01-2014 do maths:off append:off ] a2: variable convert [ name:%startdate function:date time to seconds store result in:%startdateinseconds ] a3: variable set [ name:%today to:%date do maths:off append:off ] a4: variable convert [ name:%today function:date time to seconds store result in:%todayinseconds ] a5: variable set [ name:%secondssince to:%todayinseconds - %startdateinseconds do maths:on append:off ] a6: variable set [ name:%dayssince to:%secondssince / 24 / 60 / 60 do maths:on append:off ] you could shorten this a bit by eliminating a3 and replacing %today with %date in a4 . also , you could combine a5 and a6 by using ( %todayinseconds - %startdateinseconds ) / 24 / 60 / 60 . i split it up only to show the individual steps better .
i believe this feature is called text reflow and is not an actual a feature of android but more of htc . the htc browser reflows the text as you zoom in . this can get very annoying especially because after reflowing it can move your focus area to the closesr text not what you were zooming into . my personal pick for an alternative browser is dolphin browser™ mini . it has both the functionality you are missing in the stock htc browser but also the speed you expect when loading webpages and launching the browser . dolphin browser™ mini
it was current data usage from settings > data usage > show on lockscreen .
thanks for advice , problem was with ms exchange . i had to delete ms exchange account and recreate after this exchange asked me about permission for account and everything works fine .
from what i can find , there is no way to turn it off : no solution in the samsung galaxy s forum no solution in the vodafone forum tasker can not suppress it however , one commenter notes
it was necessary to completely wipe all system data before flashing the rom . once i did that , the file was found as normal .
it looks like a whatsapp problem . your best bet would be to raise this concern with whatsapp themselves . there is no guarantee that they had fix it , but this is not google / android issue either ( from a general perspective ) . developers should follow " best practices " when developing android apps . update 2013-10-07: this issue has been discussed in xda , and it is because of how whatsapp handles notifications ( no specific details given ) . in that thread , there is a possible solution using the light flow app .
the short answer is that the nexus phones are the most updateable - not only do they get more updates then the other phones , but they also get more support from the community in general . case in point , though google has announced that the nexus one will not get ics , cyanogenmod will be providing it . other then the nexus phones , i think it is best to stick to the high volume devices , particularly the flagship devices that are sold in many countries . these are much more likely to get the attention necessary to push the manufacturer to release updates and to release the drivers . and finally , you can look at the cyanogenmod list of supported devices . i tend to check this list before buying or recommending a new device .
click the notification which will open Data usage settings and move the orange warning bar above data usage level . next warning will appear when the warning level is exceeded again .
this link contains the parts where you can intervene / add your own functionality the rough flow is power on > bootloader > kernel > init process > system server > boot complete at the bootloader stage , the following is run : a . the first boot loader stage will detect and set up external ram . b . once external ram is available and the system is ready the to run something more significant the first stage will load the main boot loader and place it in external ram . c . the second stage of the boot loader is the first major program that will run . this may contain code to set up file systems , additional memory , network support and other things . on a mobile phone it may also be responsible for loading code for the modem cpu and setting up low level memory protections and security options . d . once the boot loader is done with any special tasks it will look for a linux kernel to boot . it will load this from the boot media ( or some other source depending on system configuration ) and place it in the ram . it will also place some boot parameters in memory for the kernel to read when it starts up . e . once the boot loader is done it will perform a jump to the linux kernel , usually some decompression routine , and the kernel assumes system responsibility . here 's another link ( more on the linux side ) on the topic with references : elinux website answer this comment stood out to me : in general it is quite tricky to create a boot loader for an existing phone since they often come with tailor made boot loaders from the manufacturer . to add to the difficulty they also have security features that aim to prevent you from downloading your own bootloader . however , if you have an open platform you need an initial bootloader stage and a main bootloader able to start and/or flash software to the device . for the main bootloader you probably want to check out u-boot , http://www.denx.de/wiki/u-boot . the initial bootloader stage needed to start u-boot need to be aware of the boot-protocol in the hardware requiring some documentation or reverse engineering in order to create or download a suitable one . to sum things up reprogramming of existing phones is often more work than its worth unless you are really interested in which case there are a lot of forums dedicated to that sort of thing .
i do not get any refund on my credit card statement . nor do i get a debit to begin with for the initial purchase . the payment is probably held for the fifteen minute refund window . chances are the actual payment run from google to the financial institution is done in a batch or a few batches throughout the day . the specifics of the transaction run is down to google and their bank ( s ) . i would imagine they send the debit leg of it after the fifteen minutes from your account and credit an internal suspense account and then send out the batch during the day as i said . that is only a rough guess but i have worked in software testing similar payments in financial institutions for a long time . it may vary in different countries , i am in ireland but i would like to see how it works in other regions . if , hypothetically you did see a refund for any purchase like this you would see a debit for the purchase and a corresponding credit to your account for the refund with some reference to the app , music or whatever you have purchased .
in short , you are correct . disabling in-app purchasing completely via In App Purchasing option makes password-protecting under the Parental Controls settings redundant . it is definitely confusing , and could have been better accomplished by having just one setting with 3 options : disable , allow , allow with a password . it is possible that these two settings used to work differently on older versions of this app , and developers decided that keeping the settings separate would be less confusing to existing users than combining them .
the key is not putting the password into the file , but make it the filename . then you can rename the file in the file manager and copy the password through the rename dialog .
so turns out some of the email settings got munged and it was simply a matter of deleting the account info from the phone and then adding it in again .
no , this will not work for shortcuts to apps . edit2: turns out this part of the answer was wrong . thanks bryan and drake for your answers . yes , it works for internet bookmarks . from your browser , select menu > bookmarks . long-press the given bookmark and select edit bookmark ; this will allow you to change its name . you may need to delete/re-add the shortcut to your home page for the change to take affect . edit1: alternatively , if you use a bookmark manager app ( like any of the ones mentioned here ) , you should be able to edit the bookmark directly from there .
found this at : http://orlygoingthirty.blogspot.com/2011/01/how-to-uninstall-expired-launcherpro.html i finally found a workable solution : download the latest launcherpro apk ( or hopefully any other apk ) . connect your phone to your pc and mount the sd card . copy the new apk to the top-level of the sd card and rename it to something short ( like lp . apk ) . unmount the phone , then in the phone browser ( which is the only thing lp lets you run ) , type the following in the url bar : file:///sdcard/lp . apk ( notice the three slashes ) this will force-launch the installer application on the phone . now on my phone , it was set to disallow non-android market apps from installing ; since the apk is not off the android market , the phone popped up an error and offered to let me change the application setting . which launches the settings application .
i solved my issue using a 2a charger instead of my phone 1a charger or the usb port that provides only 0.5a . i am sure i have been able to charge my nexus with all the power sources , but maybe i left it on charge all night long .
a is for ' americas ' i is ' international ' e.g. the rest of the world . you get slightly different network support . st17i umts hspa 900 ( band viii ) , 2100 ( band i ) gsm gprs/edge 850 , 900 , 1800 , 1900 st17a umts hspa 800 ( band v ) , 1900 ( band ii ) , 2100 ( band i ) gsm gprs/edge 850 , 900 , 1800 , 1900 this is from the whitepaper . i belive everything else about the phone is the same . bkw and bko i think will be the colour scheme of an orange or white hilight .
have you tried moving your apps to the sd card ? go to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; Downloaded tab then tap on any 3rd-party app and then tap on the Move to SD card button ( if available . ) this should move most of the app to the card , thus freeing up space on the /data/ partition . not all apps support this method , but do try it on the largest space hogs like flash player and adobe air , for example . unfortunately moving apps to sd card this way does not touch the apps ' cache or dalvik cache . to move those you had need the old-school " apps2sd " hack . the basic idea is to re-partition your sd card and create a 2nd partition with ext2/3/4 format . the contents of /data/ folders are moved to the sd card 's ext partition and the phone 's internal memory is therefore freed up . then a script is added to android which mounts this partition at boot time and links /data/app , /data/app-private , /data/data , and /data/dalvik-cache folders to their corresponding locations on the sd card 's ext partition . there are some apps on the market that automate this ( except re-partitioning the card , which you will need to do manually . ) try link2sd or simple2ext for example . of course make sure you have a nandroid backup of your phone before trying anything . there are obvious pros and cons to this method . the pros are the ability to greatly extend the phone 's storage for apps , while keeping the internal memory relatively free . the cons are inability to cleanly un-mount and remove the sd card ( since the apps are mounted on the 2nd partition that the os is not aware of , ) and possible slow-downs in launching apps depending on the speed of the card . there sd card will also be subjected to more wear and tear , since it will be used by the system for reading/writing more than usual .
that is the thing about the android os . a " quit " or " exit " button is not really necessary . why ? because the operating system automatically kills applications that are no longer used . for this same reason , there is no need to install a task killer or similar . when you are done with an application , the os will clean things up for you so you do not have to worry about it .
you should just be able to add the port to the end of the domain as you would with a desktop browser , e.g. http://mysite.com:8888 . chrome and the built-in browser app definitely support this as i use them in this fashion on a daily basis ; i would imagine other browsers would as well since the syntax is defined in the rfc specification .
although i still hope that someone else gives me a easier and quicker solution , i have found the following procedure to be a fairly quick method to accomplish what i wanted ( someone else will certainly have another idea regarding this , i am sure ) : i send the contact information using the Send via gmail to my own gmail account , press Download in the received email and choose Contacts and Phone ) . since all information is present in the . vcf file attached to the mail , i can now easily create/duplicate a new contact without having to enter the name and phone number again .
the android debug bridge ( adb ) can do pretty much everything you want . it is part of the android sdk , just download the sdk and enable usb debugging on your phone . you can get a shell with the command adb shell  and you can get files from the phone with adb pull  all the commands are documented in the first link i gave . another way to get any file from the phone would be to use any of the backup utilities available and back up your whole phone to your computer where you can examine it . as you already rooted your phone you might already have a backup utility installed , or you can easily install one , e.g. titanium backup root or nandroid . i have no experience with those two though , i can not tell you anything more about them . the kernel i used to root my phone included clockworkmod recovery with a backup program already integrated , so you might already have that available too .
i solved the error . instead of selecting pictures from a folder , use the album , and the picture folder will be listed as an album . deselect all the other albums , and pictures should show up .
http://goo-inside.me/evo/stock/ruu/ provides a straightforward guide , reproduced below , of how to revert to a stock rom , and it looks like all you need is clockworkmod . you probably want the newest dec . 15th software linked on that page . heed the warning ! warning ! ruu'ing your phone will wipe all data on your phone , and if done incorrectly , can brick your device permanently ! performing an ruu entails completely wiping your user data , removing root , removing your custom recovery , and switching to the specified radio , hboot , and stock sense rom version that is in the file name . instructions : download the unrevoked forever s-on tool and flash from clockworkmod or amon_ra recovery . download zip file for whatever software version you want to restore to . note that you may not be able to downgrade , depending on your current software version . check md5 ( windows : hashcheck , linux/mac : use md5sum comand from terminal ) . rename file to " pc36img . zip " ( ensure that you do not have file extensions hidden , aka , that the file is not now " pc36img . zip . zip" ) place file on the root of your sd card . boot into hboot by powering off phone , then holding down volume down and power until you are taken to the white screen with the skating androids at the bottom . when asked if you want to flash the file , press volume up to confirm . the remainder of the prompts should be self-explanatory after that .
netcounter will keep track of data usage . it may not be 100% accurate , but it would be a decent estimate .
i rebooted and it fixed the problem :-\ [ and then several weeks later it occurred to me that i should note this fact here , in case it happens to anyone else ] . indeed , i suspect that my phone was in a weird state and probably i could not access the sd card on any computer at all at that point , regardless of what i implied in the question .
some devices use usbmicro , others use usb mini . like any device , it depends on the voltage that the device can take . but for the most part , afaik , as long as the charger is the same plug type ( micro , mini , etc . ) then yes it can work . a lot of the chargers that use usb plugs output the voltage that a standard usb port would ( between 4.75 and 5.25 volts ) . if this is the case , you will have no problems . the only issue , when you use usb to charge , it is usually a slower charge then using a wall charger .
one method is to put a file called .noMedia in the root of every folder that you do not want to be scanned . it will not improve the scanning of actual media , but it will prevent wasted time searching elsewhere ( or indexing things that you do not want indexed , such as app assets ) .
there seems to be a problem with the latest cyanogenmod 7.1.0 and the german locale . possible solutions are some users report that if you search google on your phone for " gmail market " and open the market:// link with the market , gmail will install . use the market enabler to change your mobile provider and download the gmail app . manually install the . apk from this thread
that is dependent : the kernel , along with the appropriate driver chipset support for usb otg the general consensus , if the kernel is modded and has support for otg provided the handset supports it , then it will work alongside with the appropriate otg cable with power support . it might need custom modifications to android to make it aware of otg facilities if running on pre-honeycomb android versions . however , since honeycomb ( android 3.0 ) and upwards , there is usb facilities integrated into the framework which makes otg mechanism even easier .
it sounds like you want the extremely common ls -l  for reference , the complete busybox help for ls :
my testing indicates a usable resolution of 1280 x 750
on the google website homepage itself in your browser , scroll down to were it says : igoogle settings help press ' settings ' and turn off ' allow use of device location ' i have then found my browser always goes to google . com ( were it was going to google . de ) edit i have just seen you want the opposite . so perhaps turn this option on !
drag the icon to the edge , not the corners . it can be a little finicky depending on the particular touchscreen hardware your phone has .
using the following diagram from developer . android . com you can see where it falls in the specs : it is 3 inches diagonally - it falls in the " small " category . it is 133ppi - which is definitely ldpi .
the icon in question ( on the very left of this image ) is Vibration mode on the one plus one . technically ( i guess ) it is the ' phone profile ' icon , in this case vibrate .
maybe you are missing udev rules for the other device manufacturers ? a rule for samsung is probably included by default . look here for instructions http://developer.android.com/tools/device.html
ok if you havent checked out the link uri posted , " root , " to put it simply , is administrative privileges on the phone and gives you the ability to mess with core system files and configurations . the " superuser " app is just an app that is designed to grant or block root permissions to different apps . rooting android phones is sometimes complicated but it mainly depends on the phone and manufacturer as different manufacturers lock down their phones in different ways . some developers have brought it down to you just plugging in your phone when a certain app is running and everything is done for you while other times will require you to run terminal commands , and download specific software onto your phone . unlike standard desktop linux , root has to be acquired through exploits apparent in the phones . now why gain root ? well for android phones , it allows us to a variety of things such as have the ability to underclock our processors for considerably better battery life or overclock them for performance . we can also create wifi-hotspots with ease , run network based attacks such as arp-poisoning , conduct cookie hijacking and so on . its like jailbreaking an iphone ( except its a lot more power to tinker in the palm of your hands ) . in your case , your app probably configures the network card on your phone for the file server in a way that cannot be done with the traditional android api and so needs more system access ( hence the request for root permissions ) . there is no " simple " setting to turn on root no matter what phone you have . this is because carriers make money by locking down your phone and forcing you to pay for more functionality ( i.e. tethering/wifi-hotspot ) . if they give you the ability to activate root , then some people could easily circumvent their control , thus making them lose money . the other possibility is that careless people who do not know what they are doing could seriously mess up their own phones and thus making it a support nightmare for carriers and manufacturers who now have to deal with bricked phones . what should your best approach be ? it all depends . if you really plan on tinkering with the phone or want custom software or want better battery life , then rooting is for you . if you just want to use your phone with no extra functionality or no hassle , then do not bother for root as you probably do not need it . if you do want to root , carefully follow all instructions and do your research . your best place to start is on your device forums on xda here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=1404 the 1 click root also has a very good chance of working but this is not verified to work with your device afaik .
i have a samsung galaxy s2 here is a method to get info on your bluetooth version turn on bluetooth by going to the home screen , clicking menu-> settings bluetooth . pull that to enabled . make sure it is on . on the home screen , click menu -> settings -> applications -> ' running ' tab . an item appears called : " bluetooth share " . a screen pops up with information about the program , but it is sparse .
solved it myself after hours of googling . i really only needed to run error checking on the internal storage ( checkdisk ) in windows . since i could not get windows to mount the drive normally , i tried booting into clockworkmod recovery mode and then connect usb . ran the error checking ( right click on drive , properties , tools , error-checking ) , rebooted phone and voilà ! life is beautiful once again .
that is pretty normal for ( almost ) all custom roms : they are not permitted to include google apps . gapps are proprietary , and to ship them bundled with anything requires an explicit license from google . however , custom roms come rooted usually . and also usually , you ( at least in most cases ) have a custom recovery when installing them . so if you feel you need a way , you have got two choices primarily : pick the gapps package corresponding to your android version from goo . im , and flash them via your custom recovery , or head over to xda and check for the nogapps packages if you prefer an open-source replacement
the problem with my device not showing up with the fastboot devices command resolved itself . i was then able to flash a custom recovery . the only thing i did different was , i rebooted my computer and symlinked the adb and fastboot commands in my bin folder .
there is a much easier way , but it may not be supported in all countries : buy them each a google play gift card , and attach it to their accounts . they come in different " sizes " , so you can limit the amount they can pay . no identification stuff connected to the cards , and once they are used up there is no more use for them ( of course , you can buy the next one ) . another positive aspect : you might decide to let your kids use them themselves . the danger is just as high as the value of the card ( though content might pose a risk ) . so it is like " pocket money " for learning " monetary responsibility " : )
killing all running apps did not solve the problem , nor did disabling the automatic sync for google account items like videos/photos ( which i heard suggested for a similar battery issue ) . what did work was simply rebooting the device by holding the power button and picking shut down . after rebooting mediaserver no longer appears to use much of my battery in the usage chart and my charge lasts like it always did . so if you get the same issue , just reboot .
short answer generally , apps are cleanly uninstalled , and most if not all of their data will be removed along . some exceptions may however apply to their data stored on sdcard , if any . detailed answer android uses a data structure which is defined by the developers api , and developers should stick to it . there are also not too many ways they could deviate , as e.g. file system permissions prevent this . aside from the .apk ( the app itself ) installed at a defined place , there are also defined places for the apps data : all these can only go below /data/data/&lt;package_name&gt; on internal storage ( rare chances an app can access other places in internal storage to place its data , except from some " temporary " or cache locations . as for the sdcard , the api strongly recommends to use Android/data/&lt;package_name&gt; as corresponding place ( see api documentation ) . as long as developers stick to these rules , uninstalling the app will also remove all its data ( as the system takes care for all those locations defined by the developer documentation , since these are easily identified via the package name ) . however , on the sdcard there are almost no restrictions which places an app can access ( which is due to the fat file system used for these cards ) , and some apps go wild here .
i found the problem : the icon already existed on another screen . however , i was confused because both icons are identically named ( gallery ) and are nearly identical in appearance . thus , i did not realize that i had both icons already .
as recomended by ce4 above , i just followed the steps laid out in this tutorial . samsung galaxy s : full update guide you can download the rom from get . cm here ( original samsung galaxy s variant ) or here ( samsung galaxy s ( b ) variant ) , note these are only for i9000 ( not i9001 or i9003 ) .
so reproducing the solution here for posterity : need to change the default apn to either publicip . apn or vpn.com. all the other settings remain the same as the original default apn ( which is fido-core . appl1 . apn ) . restart the device and voila ! , the phone has a public ip . it can be discovered using adb and netcfg . @martinschröder , thanks a lot for pointing out network info ii tool , its quite useful . only thing is , after tethering the device , it reports an ipv6 rndis ip as the " internal " ip of the device .
as far as i know , every os makes the change at the officially scheduled time for your timezone . this is different in different timezones , but if you have previously observed your windows clock changing at a particular time , you will see any other os changing at the same time . the exact time is set by the government : programmers do not just pick a time they think would be nice .
first , that setting is enforced by the os ( so it is not for the app to decide whether to observe that setting ) . put in easy words : android will not let an app access the network unless it is running in foreground ( i.e. . the user is interacting with it ) with the restriction enabled for it . explained with a plastic example : restrict background data on the google play store app ( as i did ) , it will not anymore check for updates in background while you are on mobile data . but it will do so when you are using wifi . also , when you call up the app to install something , it will work as long as you keep it in foreground ( i.e. . not switch to another app while it is still downloading ) .
according to this xda-thread an apple usb-> ethernet adapte r works on a similar ics device . so technically it should work . but it in your case it could be hardware limitation , so you should try it out before buying . just go to an apple store and ask kindly ; - )
well , i rebooted the phone and it is working fine now , but still not sure why this happens . it happened to me twice and works fine when i reboot the phone . this is not an answer to my question but more like a solution to overcome that
1 . first turn -on your gps 2 . go to evernote settings 3 . under general settings you can find " other options " 4 . uncheck " use gps satellites " option . also uncheck " use wireless networks " if you did not turn on your gps , " use gps satellites " option get greyed out . now your note will not store your location .
the program that your phone ask to install is pc companion . you can skip the pc companion installation . if you need to connect in msc mode in settings-> xperia connectivity-> usb connectivity-> usb connection mode-> msc
merge exists in cm 6 - edit the contact , select " join " - if it is not in 7 , it is a regression .
rehearsalassistant is what i ended up using . it is ok for now .
it should work with maps ( + ) ( or its ad-financed free version maps ( - ) offline navigation ) . this app was developed for exactly this purpose ( even before google labs introduced the " pre-caching " feature ) . i never tried it myself , but the comments look promising as well . maps ( + ) ( source : google playstore ; click image to enlarge )
firefox was never the default android browser . the actual default browser is based on the open-source webkit engine , which also powers the safari browser on desktops , laptops and apple 's ios-based mobile devices . in the other hand , chrome is based in chromium and offers more options and performance than the stock browser .
although the sony xperia tipo is listed by freexperia as a supported device , the tipo dual is not . it is not clear from the site , so it may simply be that ( the unofficial port of ) cyanogenmod can not access the sim cards in that device .
this one took me a while . go into " personalize tweetcaster " in settings and change " url action " to " ask " .
in tasker create a new State based context and choose Net as state category . then choose Wifi Near as net action : this will bring a screen where you can input data about the wifi access point you are interested in . if you are near the desired wifi access point then you could just press the scan button ( the button with lens symbol at left end of the text SSID ) . this scans the near by access points and lists its details . simply select the one which you are interested in . now you are good to go to add an entry task and exit task to whatever you want .
solved this by installing image 2 wallpaper . one would expect such basic features out of the box . .
the problem is that the device was stuck in fastboot . i had to use adb to get into the bootloader , and change to normal boot from there . now , everything works . i assume he let the device run out of power while updating , as it completed updating once it was out of fastboot . thanks for all the help you gave me . you may not have solved my problem , but i still appreciate it .
you do not need to back up media files or app data . they are in device 's internal storage . if you are performing a factory reset these datas wont be erased unless you select Erase Internal Storage when performing a factory reset . if you still need to backup the media files or app data , connect your xperia s to a pc and backup the files in the pc .
most ( pretty much all ) usb keyboards and mice support the usb hid protocol . you might not be able to use some special " media keys " or other advanced features , but standard features will work without additional drivers . as for routing usb input to standard android ui events , i suspect they will do it ( they had be stupid not to ) but could not find any conclusive information as of yet .
glympse seems like a good alternative . just pick who you want to share with , and for how long , and they can follow you on their phones or computers ( and they do not need glympse installed ) .
unlike the note 2 , the s4 does not have the " available buttons " section in the notification panel . so , you cannot remove the items .
figured it out . . . go to the wifi settings , hit the menu key and choose " advanced " , and uncheck " avoid poor connections " .
there is no direct relation between the chrome mobile and any firefox version . what you can do , is to synchronize the information from your chrome mobile to the chrome desktop version , and then , using a desktop application , pass the bookmarks for any other browser . xmarks is a free bookmark sync application that supports among others , synchronization between google chrome and mozilla firefox : install xmarks on each computer you use , and it seamlessly integrates with your web browser and keeps your bookmarks safely backed up and in sync . xmarks will sync across browsers too . today we support firefox , chrome , internet explorer , and safari ( mac os ) . additionally , you can go premium and benefit from the android application to ease the process : premium features overview xmarks on android the xmarks mobile app for android is available in the google play store . you can also install via lastpass.com/xmarks.apk it lets xmarks premium users access all their desktop bookmarks and open tabs on their device . supports google android 1.5+ xmarks for premium customers by lastpass available from google play store . bookmark sync and web discovery application that will allow you to carry your xmarks ( formerly foxmarks ) data around with you . sync bookmarks with android browser add , update , and delete bookmarks view open remote tabs as for the remaining browser capabilities , like saved passwords , afaik you can only pass them to the google chrome desktop version .
many media scanner apps do not work as expected on kitkat . after trying couple of such apps i found that the media scan function in fx file explorer app works 100% every time you use it . it successfully updates your gallery with the changes . get fx file explorer from here : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=nextapp.fx open this app , go to ' main storage ' and run ' rescan media ' from menu . tested on nexus 5 , android 4.4.2
solved ( at least layar is not being showed as installed anymore ) . on this site i found that i could also remove the /data/app/com.layar.apk file . i did it and now i have +8mb of free space on my galaxy .
it is not very uncommon for cyanogen to have some problem with battery status reading . things you can try : turn off the phone and take off the battery for a while ; let the battery fully drain and then reset the battery calibration on clockwork recovery ; try an app like this . i am not sure why , but when i changed my battery visualization to a percentage view instead of the default ( in the cyanogen configuratons ) , the battery lectures of my smartphone started to give me wrong readings . when i switched back , it got back to normal after a fully recharging .
you need to get this information from your university . ask the it department to walk you through it or just give you the necessary information . from what you have said : email accounts are provided by microsoft . seems to me they are using exchange in a windows domain ( i could be wrong ) . therefore , you will need a server link , domain name , username , and password . also , on a separate note , you should do some research on how email works and email protocols ( pop3 , imap , smtp , exchange , gmail , and so on ) . here 's a helpful link : email protocols : pop , imap and mapi
https://support.google.com/hangouts/answer/3118600?hl=en this does not work ? i have not tried it , because i do not have hangouts on my phone . edit 1 sign out of hangouts tip : if you don’t want to receive notifications , enable snooze notifications . touch menu > ​ settings > touch your google account > scroll to the bottom and touch sign out .
try installing betterbatterystats or gsam battery monitor pro . both apps can provide you granular data about how your phone 's battery is being drained . you know the power hog is google reader but these apps can help you determine if the app is killing the battery because it is using a ton of data or if it is initiating long or frequent wake-locks . . . if i had to guess without any more info , i would guess that reader is updating in the background frequently and consuming a lot of data .
you can use an app such as wifi tiles transfer . all you have to do is to download the app and clicking the start button . then you can go to the server page you are given ( on the app screen ) and you can access all the files and folders of your phone memory .
as you are rooted : wireless network data are stored in data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf -- so you could basically copy all its network entries from one device and insert them on the other . the entries look like network={ ssid="Telekom" key_mgmt=NONE priority=42 }  an easier way would be using the app wlan backup and recovery ( root ) : backup all entries on one device , and restore them on the other . as you can see in below screenshot , the tool can even send the backup by mail -- so transfer to the other device should be easy : but reading the comments on this app suggests it does not always work as expected : users even recommend to use the manual way i described above . another option is using titanium backup , and restore the wifi data on the other device . i did that successfully a couple of times , also cross-device and cross-rom . third option is offered by the app wifi passwords ( about usd 1 ) , which allows you to share networks .
if you are literally sitting at the bootloader screen , the volume buttons will scroll between boot options and the power button will select . simply use the volume buttons until it has " start " selected and then press the power button to select it . this will boot your device normally . if for some reason it is stuck at the bootloader and will not accept input , removing the battery should be fine provided that you are not in the middle of executing a fastboot command of some kind . note that if you are getting a response of &lt;waiting for device&gt; from fastboot that it is not doing anything on the phone 's side . that means that it cannot communicate with the phone , and as such the bootloader itself is basically idle at that point . since you noted in a comment that you were concerned about the bootloader erasing things : the bootloader process in and of itself does not do this . the purpose of the bootloader is to allow you to boot into various different modes of the phone ( such as recovery and a normal boot ) . in the pc world a bootloader is often used to dual boot two different operating systems , with the bootloader menu being what allows a user to select which os they want . the only time that your data will be erased is when you execute the fastboot oem unlock or fastboot oem lock commands or if you explicitly erase a partition in some other way ( fastboot erase , for example ) . simply booting into your bootloader does not affect your data in any way .
you can accomplish this by disconnecting the stereo audio ( a2dp ) profile from your headset . this still keeps your headset paired with the hands-free profile . you can do this by opening bluetooth settings , long-pressing your attached device and unchecking stereo audio .
this depends entirely on the oem and what features they decide to put in their devices . however , i have used a panorama feature since the beginning ( 2.3 gingerbread ) on my nexus s , and have had it all the way till my 4.2 galaxy nexus , so i can say that the stock android camera app has panorama , at least 2.3 onwards . beyond that , device specific panorama is dependent on the oem . you could always use third party apps , like this one , which supports android 2.1 and above .
that means something 's wrong with the package setup . for your reference , here are a few links with more detailed information : android duplicate provider authority - stack overflow android duplicate provider authority problem - stack overflow angry birds seasons summer pignic now available | angrybirdsnest ( search for " duplicate provider " on this page , should appear around the middle ) duplicate provider authority error when installing k-9 mail - google groups recommendation : contact developer ( for security reasons both developers , in case somebody faked the signature ) . it is most likely a copy-and-paste error during the packaging process , so the developer might release a fixed update soon .
that cable is not going to work . that adapter will only allow you to go from a ( dual-mode ) displayport source to an hdmi input , not the other way around like you are trying to use it . to go from an hdmi source to a displayport input , you need an active converter , such as this startech unit , not merely an adapter , as displayport uses a fundamentally different means of data transmission ( it is a packetized connection like usb , not just a digital stream ) than hdmi or dvi .
after some searching , it turns out this feature is provided by the sprint network ( although that does not rule out that other carriers/devices may provide similar functionality ) . the q and a at community . sprint . com points to the sprint connection optimizer , aka the " intelligent mobile network and wi-fi setting . " this setting " will automatically connect you to wi-fi networks on your device 's remembered list . " this setting can be enabled/disabled by navigating to settings > more settings > mobile networks > sprint connections optimizer .
as i stated in the comments , version 2.3.4 is the latest version for phones . versions 3.0 , 3.1 , and 3.2 are all for tablet devices . version 4.0 will be released on the galaxy nexus sometime this month . version 4.0 ( code named ice cream sandwich ) was designed to run on both phones and tablets which may clear up the confusion surrounding the numbered releases . though google controls the android operating system and when it gets released , it is up to the manufacturers to decide whether to put it on their devices . some companies , like htc and motorola , actually rewrite pieces of android with their own special features , like htc sense and motorola blur . the companies have the choice to push out an update or not . some of those companies have come out with plans to update their phones to 4.0 . zte has not announced ( as of a couple weeks ago ) any plans to upgrade their phones to 4.0 but there is no doubts they will not . the second option is to wait until google releases the code for 4.0 . once they do this , the android community ( like xda ) will work on a rom of the operating system which you would then be able to install on your device manually . doing so is not an easy process and involves dedication and a free weekend . if you consider this route , you should also do a little research to make sure doing so will not " brick " your phone or cause side effects with your service provider . however , it will provide the most clean and pure android experience you can get . edit : as @eldarerathis pointed out in the comments , google did release a version of gingerbread numbered 2.3.7 but it is only to support there google wallet product which at this time is only supported on nexus devices or devices with nfc . if you had like to build this version yourself and install it on your device , you can download the android source code and build it yourself . there are instructions on how to do this at the site . however , i would strongly recommend waiting until 4.0 ( ice cream sandwich ) is released . for documentary purposes , i will update this answer upon release of 4.0 .
try tunein radio , it has both stations , and it is great ( and free ) !
this is a new ' feature ' in market version 3 . x , which got pushed out some time last year to gingerbread devices . if you have a rooted phone and really want the old behaviour back , uninstall the ' market updater ' and install android market 2.3.6 here 's an apk of it from my dropbox https://dl.dropbox.com/u/2302883/com.android.vending-5cbc09eeba96ab104fe111e029312f42.apk.gz
go into the wi-fi settings , press menu , choose advanced . you should get options including wi-fi sleep policy . sounds like its set to turn off wi-fi when the screen is off .
the serendipity rom only contains camera . apk and camerafirmware . apk . i would think that the version you are trying to copy over is being renamed by the system on reboot and the original camera . apk is being restored . what i would try : get the non-cwm version of the camera . apk and put it on your sd card on your phone , use root explorer or similar to mount /system/app/ as rw rename /system/app/Camera.apk to camera . bak or something copy in the new apk from the sd card remount /system/app/ as ro , you may want to make sure /system/ is ro as well try to use the camera . if it works , reboot and see if it still works .
according to your df output , you only have 361.7m left not 1.4gb . all the apps are installed on the local storage i.e. sdcard0 by default . this means that when your internal storage runs out of space , you will not be able to install any new apps . you can try one ( or all ) of the following : uninstall unnecessary apps ; from recovery , wipe cache and dalvik cache partitions ; delete the . odex file if it is already there . for the last . odex file , the instructions from the xda thread are , open the terminal and : su cd /data cd /app ls rm (packagename.odex)  yet another alternative solution is to manually delete the app folder in /data/app-lib . see more details in this xda thread .
powering off and back on restored the 3x3 picture size . . . makes no sense , but it worked .
on my galaxy s3 , running 4.1.2 , the user dictionary is a background service that can be disabled . if you are running a similar device look into the following : settings\app manager\all\user dictionary click the disable button . if you are using a different device or system this could get you started in the right direction .
yes , there is a way to do it , use cyanogenmod 's github - for reference - this applies across the board whether with aosp , caf , cm , aokp , its found in frameworks/base/data .
with 4.3 , android apparently has three types of " users": primary user ( admin , owner ) secondary users restricted profiles primary user is the first user created for the device , when setting it up . all users ( the primary user and secondary users ) have pretty much equal control of the system - they can alter all the system settings , create more users , etc . but they cannot access the data or the apps* of the other users . since all users can only access their own data , they can also be linked to different accounts . likewise , they could also use a same account if you set it up for each user individually . however , this does not make the device aware of the different users useing the same account - each user has their own " link " to the account , unaware of the others . a restricted profile is different . like users , it has it is own settings , and own data . however uses the primary user 's accounts and installed apps . the primary user controls which of these are enabled for the profile . further , these profiles can be given parental-type restrictions to content - such as blocking all content defined as " mature " . ( note : this requires support from the apps providing the content in order to work . ) * - google play appstore does sort-of support some inter-user data - when you install an app that another user already has , the same app code is used by both users . this means it does not need to be downloaded a second time , and does not take up extra space . it also means that when one of the users updates the app , it is updated for everyone . however , only thing shared between the users is the app code , the users cannot access each other 's data . more information on developer . android . com , see specifically : support for restricted profiles .
all you really need to to is enable usb debugging in the device settings and plug in the device . as long as you have eclipse , adt plugin and the android sdk installed , which you do if you have been using emulators , you should be good to go . eclipse will automatically use the device when it is plugged in and no emulators are running , unless you have told it not to . if you are using windows , you may have to install the device vendor 's usb drivers ; if so , windows should prompt you about this when you plug in a device with usb debugging enabled . the android training class building your first app will walk you through all of these steps with a sample application .
blinkfeed—an aggregator of news and social network content [ . . . ] blinkfeed will always occupy the leftmost page of the home screen . the default blinkfeed home screen of htc sense 5 ( wikipedia : htc one ) to explain the second line : by default , there will only be two home screen panels out of the box : a " blinkfeed " page and a classic android home screen on the right . this explanation is taken from htc one software hands-on : sense 5 , blinkfeed , sense tv and new sync manager ( engadget ) , where blinkfeed is further described : this is simply a flipboard-like tile interface that sits permanently on the main home page . created in collaboration with mobiles republic , this tool pulls in content from various publications and social networks ( twitter , plurk , linkedin , flickr , zoe share and more ) , as well as your calendar and tv shows from the tv app ( more on that later ) . you will not be seeing emails here , as htc positions blinkfeed as a place for more ambient info rather than critical updates . regardless , the feed can be customized to suit your needs , though the first version will not let you add custom rss feeds just yet . read more in the linked articles themselves .
according to this thread , your device is rootable using framaroot . as you only need a temproot , the first thing to try would be to : extract the temproot binary used by framaroot and push it to /data/local/tmp or any folder where you can set permissions flag this file as executable then run it $ chmod 777 filename $ ./filename  if successful , you have temp root and can remount the system read/write # mount -o remount,rw /system /system 
if you take a look at the air browse feature under air gestures , you will see that it is limited only to the following applications : gallery internet music player music on lock screen s memo so no , you can not use it for presentations .
from my knowledge of the sync functionality on the android it only syncs when it has something new on one of those services . it uses push technology to send you the latest updates as soon as they become available . if however new items are appearing in your mail , contacts and/or calendar and it is still not syncing then i would recommend you remove your google account and re-add it again . nb . i did have an issue with sync once where it just was not pushing any emails to my phone . . . it fixed itself after a couple of days .
according to the specs at wikipedia it is 320 x 480 px 3.2 in ( 81 mm ) hvga 65,536 color lcd 180 pixels per inch ( ppi )
if your phone is rooted , i would highly recommend droidwall . it is a firewall application that allows you to restrict access to internet by application . it has separate permission settings for wifi and cell data , which allows you to restrict the data usage by the connection as well . chances are though that you will also need to be running a custom rom or kernel that has " iptables " module built-in . in terms of minimizing data usage in general , there are several settings you can play with . i would recommend going all manual by disabling " auto-sync " and " background data " options under Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Accounts &amp; sync . then take a look at interval update settings in all 3rd-party apps you use for services such as twitter ( twidroid , seesmic , etc . ) , facebook , e-mail ( k-9 mail , e-mail , gmail , etc . ) , rss feeders ( newsrob , feedr , etc . ) , and others ( widgets , weather apps , etc . ) most such apps let you configure the update interval via settings . either make them all disabled/manual , or use the farthest update interval they allow . also disable any notifications in these apps so that they use even less data . you might also be able to use some apps/widgets that toggle the data connection ( without affecting the cell signal ) and only enable it when you need to use apps requiring data ( retrieve e-mail , catch up on tweets , use browser , refresh weather status , etc . ) and then toggle it back off when you are done .
enable USB debugging from Settings-&gt;Applications-&gt;Development . install superoneclick on your pc . connect the phone to the pc via usb . run superoneclick and click Root .
i was frustrated for a long time with the same problem . an app called wifi fixer seems to have fixed it . hope that helps you too .
tubemate app might be using phone 's internal storage for merging . how much is your phone 's free internal storage and video size .
there is no easy way to control the mentioned scenario , since you may get away from your phone , leaving behind the device used to alert you . i have been playing around with an app , that basically runs a task when a certain action occurs within your phone . the test i performed , was having my phone playing a really loud sound if my phone gets disconnected from the bluetooth earpiece . it works , i go away from my phone and as soon as the bluetooth gets out of range , the phone starts to play the music . i hear the music and remind myself that my phone was left behind . of course that if you use dragon v2 bluetooth headset , it will only get out of range after 100 meters , which is roughly 10 times more distance than a regular bluetooth earpiece . : ) tasker tasker by crafty apps available from google play store ( 4,49€ ) from their website you have a free 14-day trial download .
synopsis titanium backup , is the most popular tool for everybody , not just for rom flashers , its for everybody , due to a large number of features such as : backing up user apps and their data all backups are saved on the sd-card ( really , i should be calling this external storage to future proof this answer as sd-card readers are in favour of getting dropped ) the capability to store up to fifty backups extract data from a cwm recovery image ( via cwm 's backup within recovery ) freeze an app , and put it into a state of " suspension " such that , it gets removed from the app drawer temporarily . schedule backups on a regular automatic basis or via a widget , and by tapping on the widget , titanium backup will perform the backup . there is far too much that you can do with it . what is this titanium backup you speak of , in plain english ? think of this as a " time machine " application , where a backup is instigated , to backup user applications and their application data , and then can " revert " back in case of unforseen circumstances or . . . playing angry birds , and got to a euphoric state of delight in getting the high score , and decided to backup angry birds and the high-score data in place , " just in case " a foul-up is made . the tool is often used heavily by rom flashers , have aosp gingerbread , decide to go to aosp jb , backup the apps etc , flash the new aosp jb , and restore the apps . astute readers will point out a vital step that i left out , where does the titanium backup come from then , the answer is quite simple , every time there is a new update to the titanium backup in which google play automatically updates , first things first , instinctively , always , i do the following , launch titanium backup hit ' menu ' , tap on ' more ' finally , tap on ' create " update . zip " ' select ' titaniumbackup-w . x.y. zip ' under the heading titled , ' select the name of the output file : ' ( latest version , is 5.6.0 ) the zip file is created and saved onto the /sdcard/TitaniumBackup-5.6.0.zip , so , its ' just a matter of adb pull on that file , unzip it , and install on to a newly flashed rom , for example , in this case , aosp jb , via the adb install method . then from there , after installing it , titanium backup will simply re-load the archived information about the backups already in place on the sd-card . the full information wiki can be found here on the developer 's website , if any further information is required . also take a look at our titanium tag .
all you need is an app locker app . there are many app lockers in play store . just , search . i would recommend smart app protector ( i use its pro version which is great ) . use it to lock google docs app .
no . if you do not uninstall the existing app , and you use adb install to install the new apk , the existing app data will be preserved . note that you can only do this if the package names match and the old and new apks are signed with the same developer certificate : if the package names do not match , then both versions will be installed side-by-side , and the new one will not have access to the old one 's data . this might happen if the developer has slightly different variants for the app depending on the distribution channel ( e . g . a variant for google play , and another for direct apk download ) . if the signatures do not match , then installation will fail with an error message telling you that is what went wrong . the only way to fix that is to use an apk signed by the original developer .
mine 's working the way you expect it should . i had a problem with duplicates when using services to help keep my contacts " clean " and to import from other services . in particular soocial kept giving me dupes . so , the first thing i would do is make sure you are not using something like that . i suspect that something is " out of whack " ( to use a technical term ) with the synchronization data . i would try the following : make sure the data in google contacts is in tip-top shape . merge duplicates , get everybody in the right group , etc . export all contacts ( just in case ) then , delete the contact data on the phone . you will probably want to turn off synchronization before you do this . then turn synchronization back on . everything should be copacetic .
shoppingcalc does this pretty simply if you are willing to live without the barcode scanning ( i like the zero-clutter interface ) .
encrypt phone only encrypts the /data partition . encrypting the sd card is a separate function and is not implemented in stock android . some manufacturers ( i know motorola and samsung do ) extend the encryption ( optionally . where you find " encrypt phone " , you will also find an " encrypt sd card " option ) to the sd card . i can not determine whether cyanogenmod implements such a function or if it may be device-specific .
if you only want apps backed up , i recommend titanium backup . it requires root . its backup will be saved to /mnt/sdcard/TitaniumBackup/ , you can copy that folder to your computer just in case your card gets formatted . if you use clockworkmod / nandroid , do the same thing ( copy the /mnt/sdcard/clockworkmod/backup folder to your pc afterwards ) . the only real caveat is that you should flash the rom you had when the backup was done before restoring the backup . if the rom you flashed afterward was significantly different , restoring without first reflashing the previous rom can brick the phone .
this is indeed a question to stackoverflow . i asked a very similar question about a week ago , and basically , the answer is no , to implement that you will have to dig very deep into the code . see here for more . hope it fits your question .
update your phone to gingerbread and this problem will go away . i upgraded my galaxy s to 2.3.3 and have not ever since seen this problem , which still happened with 2.2.1 froyo .
yay , the phone boots again . here 's the magic recipe . Boot into recovery. adb shell mkdir /data/s mount -o rw -t yaffs2 /dev/block/mtdblock3 /data/s chmod 755 /data/s/xbin/busybox Reboot the phone.  my shell is back . there is a weird quirk now - ls ( from the busybox , one assumes ) thinks adb is an ansi terminal and tries to emit ansi escape sequences . still , yay .
" i got a rather meaningful suggestion on another forum that " android os " is actually the low-level kernel , while " android system " is actually the higher-level os service layer " source : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=10922010postcount=3
in case anybody else is having the issue still , my phone recently picked up the gingerbread release . this appears to have resolved the problem .
unless you have apps installed on the sd card , nothing on it should be permanent/critical . any app that always relies on sd data being present is written badly . there may be some data you want to keep backed up , but that is up to you . it is impossible to say what will happen if you format the card and stick it back in empty , since it depends on every individual app . but generally speaking the apps should continue as if they had never written anything to the card in the first place . if an app misbehaves then clearing the data should fix it .
i did some digging around and found that this change was introduced in an update for gingerbread . it applies to all nexus devices starting from the nexus s ( except the nexus one since it comes pre-installed with facebook ) . the problem google has with facebook sync is the inability to port the data that facebook sync adds to the contacts , out of your device . here is an excerpt from their statement on this issue : since facebook contacts cannot be exported from the device , the appearance of integration created a false sense of data portability . facebook contact data will continue to appear within the facebook app . like all developers on android , facebook is free to use the android contacts api to truly integrate contacts on the device , which would allow users to have more control over their data . we are removing the special-case handling of facebook contacts on nexus s and future lead devices . techcrunch 's coverage on this : http://techcrunch.com/2011/02/22/google-android-facebook-contacts/ engadget 's coverage : http://www.engadget.com/2011/02/22/google-disables-contact-sync-in-facebook-for-android-only-nexus/ i am still trying to find the official statement on a google site . will update it here if i find it . also i want to know why google does not get all manufacturers to enforce this rule if it is part of core android policies .
could not find a way to do this every time the app starts . i did discover that if multiple accounts have new messages at the same time , the app starts on the " accounts " page . it seems when you start the app it opens the account with new messages automatically , and only opens the " accounts " list if multiple accounts contain new messages .
i just a got an email from the heimdall dev , he said it is not compatible with the galaxy mini . thanks guys for your replies .
the buttons are disabled so that users can grip the sides without causing and action . it would be difficult holding the device if the user is causing the device to go to the home screen .
the new animation added to jelly bean camera app when photos are being taken , acts as a visual hint at a new swipe gesture that is been added . the idea is to make the user aware that swiping to the left at any time , they are able to scroll through all the photos taken : when taking a photo , a new animation sweeps your photo off the screen . there is now a new paging animation when swiping between photos . android 4.1 , jelly bean - camera and gallery ( scroll down till this title ) from that location , the user can rotate , crop , share , just like in the gallery app . as already mentioned by jlehenbauer , it is a feature and cannot be removed . here a youtube video about this : android 4.1 jelly bean camera app
you can write , compile and distribute native code as an android application . look here for more info about the ndk . if you want it done without the official framework and application packaging then you will need to look into cross-compiling the application for the arm architecture .
tasker can do it , using the foursquare api and the http post task in the http post task , fill out the form as follows : server:port -> user:pass@api . foursquare . com path -> /v1/checkin data -> vid=362349 private=1 facebook=0 twitter=0 vid is the numeric id you can get from foursquare . com by looking up the venue . i have it set to not share auto checkins with others . you can also use a tasker variable for vid and define the vid from other events . . ie , i have my office assigned by ' cell near ' , same with the park where i walk my dogs . . i just call the named tasker task and it checks me in when i get to that location . i follow it up with a ' notify ' action to let me know it checked it , and what venueid ( this was mainly for testing . . ) you will want to use a phone number login for foursquare , not a emailaddress . . the @ sign in the email will confuse the http post function .
here 's a full stock rom for the nexus s ( via xda ) : http://android.clients.google.com/packages/ota/google_crespo/f182cf141e6a.signed-soju-ota-102588.f182cf14.zip ( md5: 3e8908941043951da5a34bb2043dd1a0 ) you should be able to name that update . zip and put it in the root of your sd card ; upon reboot it will be installed .
csipsimple indeed does the job if you want to use it as your sip client . if you prefer the built-in sip client , try the advanced dialer app .
yes . your in-app subscriptions attached with that card will be disturbed . and , an app developer would be unable to refund money if you have purchased that app using that card ( but , this is solved by contacting google support ) . but , you will not lose any purchased apps . even pending purchases will not be affected if you attach a new card with the account . otherwise , it would be cancelled .
i was looking into the same issue , and it was answered on xda http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2537794 in short - it is possible if your phone is rooted to move the certificate to the system section . very annoying that it is not possible to exclude certificates from this warning - it only produces noise when i know that the cert is ok to use .
you will need to flash back to the stock kernel as files linked on that site will only apply to a ' stock ' system partition . you should be able to flash the file via twrp by selecting it ( i presume you have tried this as you said that it gave you an error ) . to flash back to the stock kernel you will need to find the stock kernel image ( ideally you would have a backup from before you flashed the franco kernel ) and then you can install the update . edit : you may be able to find the stock kernel on this xda post
the 2.3 keyboard cannot be installed on 2.1 as-is . it relies on the 2.3 voice search app , which uses api methods not present in 2.1 . ( see this xda post . ) i am sure someone is in the process of hacking the keyboard to work though . to be honest , the only difference i see with the 2.3 keyboard is that the keys are smaller , which i dislike .
i will go ahead and post this as an answer . android 4.2 , including sony 's package on the z1 , supports miracast - a wireless display standard that is sorta becoming a thing now . miracast is what sony uses to connect you to their own tv 's , so it is not a proprietary sony thing ( surprisingly ) . in order to use miracast , you need either a smart tv with the feature built in . or you can use a miracast receiver - they range from $50-$80 . i personally use this one - it is worked great for me from android and windows without any hiccups . note that there is real latency between the phone and the tv 's displays . you are looking at a 500ms lag at best , so this will not work well ( or at all ) for games . it is really good for watching videos , and things that do not require much interaction .
this sounds more like inconsistent wifi settings . since your phone shows its connected , try to visit your router 's web interface through the phone to see if its connected properly . ( note that please use stock browser and no proxies for now ) if this does not work , most likely its the problem with wrong password or security mode like wep/wpa . if the above works , then i suspect you to have a dns problem . a rooted phone can let you custom-set the dns on your phone . try to set it to google 's dns . just to confirm if its a dns problem , try entering an ip address of a website rather than the domain name .
you will not be able to use bt-dun on the streak unless there is something custom built into the ui . my archos 70 has a setting baked into android for bluetooth tethering specifically . without that or some app to enable it , the streak will not know where to get the internet connection from , even if the devices are connected . do not bother with pdanet because it only works when you are going the other way , sharing your android internet connection with another device . another option , would be to put mywi on your iphone and make it a wireless access point , then you can connect to it via your wifi connection . there is one problem : the mywi creates an adhoc connection and android does not recognize adhoc . you can get around this by editing your wpa_supplicant file but you need to be rooted to do this . here are the instructions to do this : http://android.modaco.com/content/dell-streak-streak-modaco-com/316049/ad-hoc-network-connection-for-streak/
try afirewall despite the name , it is an sms/call blocking app .
try this tutorial , http://theunlockr.com/2010/12/17/how-to-root-the-samsung-nexus-s/
it is either a mobile network data enabled switch or a 2g/3g switch , try it and check your data connection . edit : got confirmation , see comments .
you can not with the default launcher . however , with a lot of home screen replacements you can define how many home screens to have . ( zeam , go launcher , and launcher pro do , for sure . )
as per advice from narayanan , i replaced /system/media/audio/ui/LowBattery.ogg with another .ogg file . the next time it was triggered , the new file played . i then tried placing an empty file at /system/media/audio/ui/LowBattery.ogg , but this did not work . finally , i downloaded a slient .ogg from here , placing it at /system/media/audio/ui/LowBattery.ogg . this worked perfectly .
i would say that this would be somewhat of a " driver " issue . it seems that your home cinema system does not know what your device is and it cannot connect to it . i would try seeing if there is a firmware update for the system ( if it supports firmware updates ) . it recognizes the blackberry because they have been around for so long , and they probably use the same driver to communicate with just about any blackberry .
sometimes the market gets " hung up " on some of the app downloads . you can long press the item in question that is stuck and then cancel the download . you will have to re-start the download yourself , but this will usually fix the problem .
prior to android 3.0 ( honeycomb ) , android did not natively supported encrypting local storage at all . android 3.0 introduced the ability to encrypt the local device , and to enforce device encryption by activesync policy . other than the galaxy nexus , every phone currently on the market is running either a 1 . x or 2 . x version of android , none of these support device or removable media encryption in the android os , it is possible that some manufacturers may have added encryption , but this is not a standard part of the os available to standard activesync implementations . for android 4 . x phones ( currently only the galaxy nexus ) full device encryption ( and the relevant policies ) is brought to phones but this still does not seem to include removable media .
can you not make your own ? open up paint or photoshop of some sort and fill an area black . save the image as a png and then place on your phones memory card . then on the phone set your wallpaper from the gallery and select the black image .
select Google Maps as default and then you only need to select Navigation to open Google Navigation .
adb reboot bootloader  then fastboot flash &lt;whatever-it-is-you-want-to-flash&gt;  if you see at any point when executing fastboot command , the pc is not configured to use fastboot properly . most typically , this is because you are not running fastboot with elevated privileges . it may also be that you do not have the drivers correctly installed , which may happen under windows 8 because of its insistence on signed drivers . - source
just tap the document you are reading . ( note , not a long-tap ; that opens a different menu . ) from page 5 of " getting started with adobe reader . pdf " ( which downloads with the app ) : my pdf documents are in adobe reader . now what do i do ? tap the middle of the screen once to reveal the toolbars . after a few moments , they disappear until you tap again .
the red cable pictured is a usb-otg cable too . it is no different to having the adaptor-style cable with a normal usb-a to micro-usb cable attached . so if your amp will work with one , it will work with the other too . just be extra careful when using a symmetric-looking usb-otg cable . usb-otg works by having the pins wired differently in the " host " and " peripheral " ends of the cable , so you need to be careful to plug the " host " end into the phone . different cables have different ways of identifying which is which , so be careful to check the instructions that come with the cable . of course , your amp might not work for other reasons . if it lacks an external power supply , then it needs the host device to supply enough power for it . most smartphones can not supply a lot of power via usb-otg , so in that case you had need to use it with a powered usb hub . the other reason it might not work is if it uses the usb audio profile . most android devices lack driver support for usb audio ; there are other questions about that on the site .
to begin with this , i do not think that this question does not belong here , because it is related to the android system logs and that is something we can be helpfull with . i found a thread , where the people are discussing various methods to obtain these log information - see here : there are several directories where logs ( including those from crashes ) might appear -- not all of them are standardized ( i.e. . some may be rom-specific ) . /data/anr: some trace files seem to get here ( dalvik writes stack traces here on anr , i.e. " application not responding " aka " force-close" ; see e.g. log excerpts here ) /data/dontpanic seems to be a standard location ( aosp ) , and contains some crash logs including traces ( see e.g. viaforensics and stackoverflow ) /data/kernelpanics is another location -- not having had any " kernel panic " on my android devices , i saw no content there yet . the /data/panic/panic_daemon.config may point to other locations configured -- on my droid 2 it mentions /sdcard/panic_data/ /data/tombstones may hold several tombstone_nn files ( with nn being a serial , increased with every new file ) . as tombstones are placed for the dead , it is done here for " processes died by accident " ( i.e. . crashed ) -- and it is what is referred to as " core dumps " on linux/unix systems . however , not all apps create tombstones ; this must be explicitly enabled by the developer ( see debugging android core dumps ) . since you already have root access to your phone , you can even examine the logcat output through the adb . here are some other links that might be of use for you : link - the " android system info " application 's description link - the " crash log ( logcat ) " application ( playstore link ) link - * in brief : since it is a long artice , which describes how to debug , this can be found anywhere in google ( see also " debuggerd" ) . this is of course if those links ever get down . my personal advice - revert to the original android rom , which was installed on the samsung , then perform a revert to factory defaults , go where you bought the phone and ask them to see it once more if the problem persists . cheers
there really is not much control you can do over limiting storage . most likely the data is from the apps using local sqlite databases to store information their apps use . you can pretty much only do these things : move the app to the sd card if you have android 2.2 clear the data cache every now and then ( but it is going to grow again )
sockets and pipes represent unix ' way of inter process communication , and a communication channel has no point in having a size . sockets are thus not seekable as in go to position x in the file . linux ( which android makes use of ) has 7 file types : regular files directories character  device files block device files local domain sockets named pipes symbolic links see more here
android 2.1 does not have any preloaded ebook readers but specific phones may have something preloaded . the pre-loaded apps depend on the carrier , but regardless you can download different ebook readers from the android app market for free . unfortunately none of the current ebook readers are a complete solution as they all have major limitations . here are the main players : free and non-proprietary ( free app and free books ) aldiko : supports epubs with and without adobe drm . there are thousands of these books available ; aldiko also has an included store selling commercial , drm-protected books . great user interface . aldiko also has a paid app that has more features . there are a bunch more that do the open source books in the app market but none hold a candle to aldiko . proprietary ( these are all free apps but in most cases you have to buy the books ) ereader : only reads pdb files and you have to sideload the app . there area several book stores that sell books in this format including ereader . com and fictionwise but these books are usually twice as much as kindle or nook books . barnes and noble used to sell pdb ebooks but swicthed to a drm'd epub . this has got a great ( powerful and easy ) ui and used to be my favorite when i could get books from b and n but now it is useless to me . nook : reads open epubs and drm'd epubs you buy from barnes and noble . the ui needs a lot of work compared to ereader and aldiko . * i just abandoned this for the kindle app . kindle : ( this one comes pre-loaded on the t-mobile galaxy s ) reads drm'd ( . azw ) ebooks you buy from amazon . * this is now my ereader of choice . kobo : reads ebooks from kobo.com. i have not bothered with this since the nook came out . it used to be able to read borders . com books but i do not know anymore . the old version of the app did not allow for offline reading but they might have fixed that . most of the major proprietary readers ( nook , kindle and kobo ) all have about the same selection of new release books at the same price ( about $12.99 per book ) . i expect these apps to get a lot better in the future it is just a very frustrating that i used to be able to use a much more robust and user friendly app ( ereader ) with new b and n books , but now i have had to downgrade to the nook . but to answer you question ( got off on a tangent there , sorry ) : if you get the galaxy s from t-mobile you will have kindle pre-loaded , but even if nothing 's pre-loaded you can download all or any of the above mentioned apps for free from the android market ( except ereader which you have to sideload ) . update : amazon just recently updated their kindle app with a few key features ( that i came to love in ereader ) that make it a nook killer in my book : 1 . ability to highlight text and make notes 2 . ability to long click on a word and look it up at dictionary . com or wikipedia . i am switching to the kindle app now although i am annoyed that i just bought two nook books .
in your google calendar on the web you can set a default notification period for the events you subsequently set up on the web calendar . in the calendar app provided with gingerbread i do not see any similar default setting but you can set a notification for each event you set up . fyi google has numerous problems with alarms in gingerbread . one is that if you subsequently change an alarm that was set up in the web calendar using the web calendar that change may not sync to the phone . another is that eventually notifications will start coming late and there is no known fix ( in spite of google presumably knowing about it for almost a year although they have only apparently actually acknowledged knowing about it for about six months ) .
yes , the hspa+ galaxy nexus phone from google play store is the i9250 model . that clip should fit it just fine .
having " root " just means you have a working su binary installed ( the " su " application is generally just a management front-end for the linux-level binary installed in /system/bin or /system/xbin ) . so , something has gone wrong with the binary , or the way its installed , or its permissions , or its location , or . . . i suspect the apps that still work must have chown'd themselves once at setup time ? so they only need su to work once , and after that they are good to go . if you can connect an adb shell or run an android terminal ( that was just the first play store search hit , i am not endorsing that specific terminal ) , type " su " and see if you get a meaningful error . you can use adb to copy a new su binary over , or just re-"root " the device . see the faq questions here : http://androidsu.com/superuser/faq/
normally phones should be able to install apps even if they are not signed . normally your friend should be able to install your app . i was able to download the application , and i could also start the installation from the link . make sure that your friends phone has ' unknown sources ' enabled in the security menu ( enable settings > security > unknown sources ) . because otherwise it will also not work ( without using google play == unknown source ) . no offense though , but i did not test all the way through the installation , because i do not trust it well enough and i have no idea what the app actually does . for all i know it is a virus ; - )
i have since found this link that lists 12 currencies supported by the market . they are : canadian dollar swiss franc danish krone euro british pound hong kong dollar japanese yen norwegian krone new zealand dollar swedish krone singapore dollar us dollar no mention of the australian dollar . presumably an oversight ?
go to Settings &gt; application settings &gt; manage application then tap on the app . it'll say the version you are running under the name . you should not have to check though ; if the app in the market does not say " installed " then you do not have the most recent version .
assuming you were purchasing through android market ( app store is iphone ) , credit card payments are handled by google checkout . ( more info : http://market.android.com/support/bin/answer.py?hl=enanswer=105916 ) google checkout api is secure even though you will not see an https indicator like you would for ssl-enabled sites in a web browser ( e . g . the green location bar in internet explorer ) .
you can flash supersu from recovery ( cwm or twrp ) to reinstall the su binaries again . you should then either have supersu already installed , or you can install another su app . then install apphider again , grant it root , and then unhide supersu if it is not already showing . i ran into something similar yesterday while applying the ota to a rooted nexus 5 , and this fixed it .
samsung galaxy ace runs at least android version 2.2 and is upgradable to gingerbread , so the device already has the possibility to move apps to the sd card . though , not all apps support this . you can move an app to the sd card by navigating to settings -> applications -> manage applications and click on the app you want to move . then you click the button move to sd card . if you root your device you can move apps that does not support app 2 sd , as well ( except for launchers and widgets which must be installed on internal storage ) . if you are running android 2.2 you can use the desktop program super one click to root . if you are running 2.3 you can read a tutorial here . hope that helps !
the enabled=true in this list tells whether the ime 's service is enabled in its manifest ; that is , whether the developer of the ime has allowed it to appear in that list . it has nothing to do with whether it is turned on or off in the settings .
at the suggestion of a forum member elsewhere , i called tmobile and asked them about their new " uncarrier " plan . it is a non-contract , postpaid plan with the exact same pricing and services as my current tmo prepaid plan , but i regain the ability to forward voicemails among other things . you have to submit to a credit check for a possible deposit ( max is only one month 's plan ie $50 ) . so going to the " uncarrier " plan was the solution for me . hope this helps .
i would guess this is not cm9 specific , but based on a quick test on my kindle fire you can just hit the Back button on the account select screen the first time you launch music and it will simply skip it . also , you can unlink your account by clearing the music app 's data in your settings ( Settings-&gt;Applications-&gt;Music-&gt;Clear Data ) .
seems like gandhicam is dead . . .
it is really up to the developer as to how to implement the location service . the full description is available here : http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/location/obtaining-user-location.html the graph about 1/3rd down the page is pretty useful to see what a typical app might do , but again , it is completely up to the app developer . the location service types are : cached fix cell-id wifi gps mock location if the app requests permission for coarse location only , it will not use the gps to determine location . to answer your questions . . . it is up to the individual app developer , but in most cases the sequence will be cached fix , cell-id , wifi , gps , in that order . yes , after acquiring the tower ids or ssids of the wifi signals , that data is transmitted to google to determine a rough location . no , google has done something really clever here . google has their own database of cell tower locations , and does not require an interaction with the carrier to determine the location of the tower . this article has some of the detail http://franciscokattan.com/2010/02/06/dynamic-cell-id-clever-way-to-block-google-but-will-it-backfire/ the short version is that , when you use an app like google maps , the app will send the current cell-id information back along with your current gps fix . in this way , google gets a very good sampling of the signal strengths in various locations , and is able to build a very rich database .
i finally solved the issue . it was related to my apn . my access point allowed only browsing . i changed it to another access point , and it worked !
the lame encoder is useful for converting such files . pc applications can be found here : http://lame.sourceforge.net/links.html you can try another recorder , like hi-q mp3 recorder . this will record it immediately in mp3 format . you can use an online converter to do the job . try for example http://www.mediaconverter.org
here is a possible solution . my son had recently unwittingly installed appcaster on our home pc , and this was causing the apps to be pushed to my phone . i uninstalled it from the programs and features under control panel , where appcaster goes by the name " mobile app sync " .
after months of not being able to debug through adb , i have figured it out . according to this answer on stack overflow , the program EasyTetherUSBEthernet can cause problems with adb . running this in terminal , with a reboot fixed all my problems . sudo kextunload -v /System/Library/Extensions/EasyTetherUSBEthernet.kextv  if you need to use EasyTetherUSBEthernet you can reload it using : sudo kextload -v /System/Library/Extensions/EasyTetherUSBEthernet.kext 
the command is mount -o remount,rw /system
casting your android device to chromecast is not officially supported . the cast screen tile shows up in certain conditions but at the moment it is not possible to cast your screen . from the original article : the cast screen tile seems to pop up for users of nexus and newer motorola devices when certain chromecast apps have been used , for example allcast . it is triggering something in android related to an incomplete casting feature – that is all we can say for sure . no one has , to our knowledge , gotten this native screen casting feature to work on a stock device – it just crashes when trying to connect to a chromecast . ( . . . ) presumably google will fix this and expose it to users eventually , but right now all you are seeing is a stub of a future feature . update - at google i/o 2014 they announced that screen mirroring is coming in a future update of google play services . it is expected that this will roll out in the next few weeks .
this is not a direct solution , but a workaround . you could forward the message ( but not send it ) ; this is a feature the stock messaging app supports . when you forward a message , it puts that message into edit mode , as if you were sending a new message . from here , you can select the text that you want to copy .
the progress bar being stuck for a while is not unusual as progress bars are fairly difficult to get right . an update taking more than half an hour , on the other hand , does not sound right to me . of course your phone could simply be slower at this task than mine .
use alarm clock xtreme . its reliable and it has everything you want .
please erase the camera data : Settings -&gt; Application -&gt; Camera -&gt; Clear Data 
as pendant to the udev setup you describe in your question , windows needs a special driver . until recently that meant the manufacturer had to provide one matching to the device ; but luckily we now have the universal android usb driver , which should work for most devices . if that does not work for yours , you need to check with huawei for a specific driver .
could be a bug in the app , but i rarely use the calendar widget . it is also possible that this has been casued by the time change , or that you are in the afternoon . however , you could try erasing all data on the app , and clearing it is cache , then trying again .
apparently the catalog has to support it . i never realized that the default catalogs with aldiko did not have a sorting by title as i always use the custom catalog drinkmalk and it does have a " by title/series " alphabetical ordering of books .
i have obtained an answer from mozilla support , so i post it here for the community . the feature seems to have been removed . however , any hack is welcome :- ) support said : using nightly you can find pre-installed search engines in ' settings ' → ' customize ' → ' search settings ' . i do not think there are plans to re-introduce disabling default search engines anymore . there are no plans to introduce removing pre-bundled search engines .
in the syncronisation screen you have to turn synchronisation on global . only if that is on you have checkboxes next to each category inside the google account . you can uncheck the box at contacts then . if the global sync is off you do not have this option . i think it is a bit dangerous the first time you enter that menu , because you have to be sure your internet connection is disconnected . otherwise the first time , when all sync boxes are still on it will start right away to sync everything before you have the chance to disable the sync-box for contacts . if you are offline you can setup everything like you wish and then it is fine .
from what i can tell from research you should be able to download the ruu from here and run it . this requires a windows computer as it is a . exe file . download the file to your computer , plug your phone in to your computer and run the file . it should return your phone to the latest factory shipped os and remove root .
if you are using the terminal app on your device then you do not need to use " adb shell " . you just need to run the " am broadcast -a android . intent . action . screen_on " . i do not know why you would want to run that from your terminal app since the screen would already be on . you need to have usb debugging on if you are trying to connect via the console on your pc to your device . you also need to have the drivers installed if you are using a windows machine .
have had a look at the kmsg , and logcat , the logcat was showing this : am wondering is there an issue with the camera , as matter of interest , when taking a snapshot with the camera , it usually plays back an audio clip of sound of " snapshot " when the button is pressed ? this is coinciding with the oops : so my guess is that the media player , somewhere , between qualcomm hardware that controls the camera , and the playback crashed . am hedging bets on the kernel 's camera itself . . . best to post this on cm 's forum to see if this is known issue .
you could use e.g. calendar event reminder , and disable notifications in the default/stock calendar . with cer , you can setup reminders for each calendar separately , and even deactivate alerts for calendars you do not want to be alerted for ( in your case , the " work " calendar ) . the added plus is you will never miss an alert anymore , as you can configure cer to annoy you until you shut the alert of manually . i have bought the app when it was still payed , and it never let me down . unfortunately , i do not know of any way to do that with the native calendar -- but at least this is a free solution , though it takes an extra app : )
this has been reported as a bug in the android source but no particular action seems to have been taken . you can follow and star the issue on the android bug tracker . alternatively , one comment on the bug tracker notes some potential workarounds you an take a look at : just an additional comment for all those still waiting for this bug to be fixed : current version of handcent saves the " sent time " of the messages . it can be seen on " message details " . it is not the perfect solution but it is the best solution that we have right now . " sms timestamper fix " from andrperk worked for me most of the times but not always . additionally , some commenters have reported that certain handsets do not suffer from this bug , presumably because the manufacturer patched it themselves in their messaging application or sms framework .
seems like what you need is to set the " wifi sleep policy " to never . . . you can find that in the advanced wi-fi menu . then you could let your screen shut down and still be able to talk with no interference with skype .
you can simply use an app like earpiece . it does what you want to do . you can pop earpiece up on top of another application simply by holding down the search key . then check Audio through earpiece on a side note , use at your own risk . playing audio at high volumes , especially for a prolonged amount of time , can damage speakers and/or hearing .
battery indicator pro or a similar alternative might help . in addition to showing the remaining battery in numbers , it also tries to " guesstimate " the remaining minutes , depending on light/medium/heavy usage .
i use photowonder for this .
the issue is that there is only wpa_supplicant version 1.0 available in debian wheezy . for support of wifi direct you need wpa_supplicant version 1.1 or higher . you can download and compile the latest wpa_supplicant on your own . this way you make sure wpa_cli is available and wifi direct is supported .
yes , you can install all the apps you buy from the amazon appstore on any device which is linked to that amazon account . it operates just like paid apps in the android market which are available to all the devices associated with that particular google account . i have 3 android devices and all they are all linked to the same amazon account and the same google account and when i purchase an app through the market or the appstore i have it on all three devices .
i finally was able to get adb enabled on the beagleboneblack . below is my solution with some debugging pointers . i downloaded and created ad ti-android jb image from scratch . when i booted the beagleboneblack with this image adb worked as expected . below are some of the outputs . lsusb output for the jb image built using latest rowboat files ( jan-2014 ) note : 18d1:d002 google inc . dmesg output for the jb image built using latest rowboat files ( jan-2014 ) note : idvendor= 18d1 idproduct= d002 following is the lsusb output for bbb-angstrom note : 1d6b:0104 linux foundation multifunction composite gadget dmesg output for beagleboneblack ( bbb ) -angstrom note : idvendor= 1d6b , idproduct= 0104 ( as suggested by dan hulme ) edit Command: Sudo ./adb devices Response: List of devices attached ????????? no permission Solution: sudo ./adb kill-server sudo ./adb start-server  from eclipse reference : android error : failed to install * . apk on device *: timeout
here 's what i could find so far : match2blue for android enables you to meet new friends and find old ones anywhere , anytime . it takes location- and interest-based mobile social networking to the next level . search with match2blue for users who have identical or similar interests to yours singlesaroundme works to plot singles on a geographical map around you , where you can control the distance from 100 yards to 100 miles /km . you can define your search to display only the type of singles who interest you . you can view a user 's profile , photos and send various flirtatious winks and text messages , add them to your hot list and /or block list . it also features a uniquely fun “destination search” tool , which allows you to look for singles at specific locations of your choice – in bars , restaurants , resorts , distant cities , wherever , before leaving home . flirtmaps , the first geo-aware mobile dating apps to find dates ! you are either very smart or very lucky ! you’ve just found flirtmaps , the first geo-aware mobile dating app that lets you find your next date right in the neighborhood . . . or around the world ! skout for flirting , dating , friendship and love ! chat and browse photos for free ! use skout to flirt , play , party , find a date or new friends . at skout we take your safety and privacy very seriously . no one can figure out your exact whereabouts . i am here plus allows you to use sms text messaging to check the status and gps location of any person on your contact list , as long as they have " im here plus " installed as well . you may also choose to send others your current location via sms , whether with just your gps address or with an edited personalized location . nearley is popular facebook location application to list all facebook users located within your distance . if you root your android phone and enable wifi tethering , you could use your ipod touch tethered through the droid and still use whoshere i have not tested any of these out . if you can comment with which of these you prefer , that would be great ! thanks !
of course you can do ota updates manually , without rom manager premium . on the handset open up a browser of your choice and navigate to http://download.cyanogenmod.com/ on the left column , under the " by device " section tap on the codename for your device ( e . g . " passion " for nexus one ) optionally , you can filter the download list by type ( stable vs . nightly ) by tapping on the type right above the list of downloads . tap on the filename to begin download . obviously a wifi connection is recommended because the roms are fairly large , at around 100 mb . once the download completes , reboot into recovery ( clockworkmod , amon-ra , etc . ) perform a nandroid backup , so that you can do a restore in case something goes wrong in subsequent steps . wipe cache and dalvik-cache partitions ( you will need to find the relevant menu entries in whatever recovery image you are using . ) this step is not mandatory , but can help resolve stability issues , so always i perform it . [ edit ] 7 . a . note that if you are upgrading to the same rom ( i.e. . flashing a newer nightly of cyanogenmod ) you do not have to wipe data . this way all of your current apps and settings are retained . only if you change to a different rom altogether ( i.e. . going from cm to a sense port ) would you need to start over by wiping the /data partition . select to flash a zip from sd card from the " download " folder ( could be a different directory , depending on the browser you are using . ) this can take a while , and the progress bar might appear to be stuck , but do not cut power to the phone or you will risk corruption . once the " success " message appears you can move forward . optionally flash an alternate kernel image ( for overclocks , etc . ) reboot your phone . this step will take longer than usual , since the caches are being rebuilt . rom manager premium automates most of these steps so that you do not have to muck around the recovery too much , but you can always to this yourself . it is still over-the-air , since you are not hooking your phone up to a pc to transfer the files . [ edit ] furthermore , you can even automate the notifications of new builds being posted for cyanogenmod via rss feeds . the trick is that the cm download page does not provide its own rss feed , so you have to create your own via one of the free services : get your device 's link ( e . g . http://download.cyanogenmod.com/?type=nightly&amp;device=passion for nexus one nightly builds . ) go to one of the free rss-from-website creation services and create an rss feed for the link above . you might need to tinker with advanced settings to get the listing . for example , i created this rss feed for nexus one nightly builds . subscribe to the newly generated feed in your favorite rss reader ( e . g . google reader use an android rss reader app that has notifications feature ( e . g . newsrob ) and set up a notification for this feed .
i can give you one suggestion . based on the what you have posted and based on what i understand do the following thing . * . backup all your data through bluetooth and do a settings reset . (Settings --&gt; Privacy --&gt; Settings reset) . and try to connect to computer using your usb setup . if still no help do the next step * . do a factory reset . (Settings --&gt; Privacy --&gt; Factory data reset). if still no help then that might be hardware issue . go to any samsung customer service center . they might replace only the pins section .
sms messages are stored in data/data/com.android.providers.telephony/databases/mmssms.db . if you can not see it in your root explorer ( or it is to small ) , try rebooting your device or simply - connect your phone to the computer and copy that file ( using e.g. adb ) on it and i am sure you will be able to read it properly .
you can not upgrade form 10.1.3 to 10.2 directly . you must flash it manually from recovery and you also have to wipe data .
this was solved by going into /data/data/ and finding the appropriate folder belonging to the failing app . i found one with " swiftkey " in the name , deleted it , and following that the update worked just fine . most likely , the app installation was failing in the background with INSTALL_FAILED_UID_CHANGED due to the app being restored with titaniumbackup , as detailed in this answer . so , in short , this seems to be an error caused by the uid changing between installs and google play throwing a fit , and it is solved by making sure app data is removed .
most applications should not disable itself , but that depends on the individual applications .
i do not know which device you are using ? but normally every android phones people app should support the functionality of at least the basic information ( meaning the emails , because it is android ~ google ~ gmail ) . so are you really sure you can not add at least the email address to your contacts ? as mentioned already by eldarerathis , you should normally even see your contacts online status . maybe you can test it by logging in on your gmail account on a pc . add some email addresses to your contacts via the pc . make your android device synchronize the information you just entered ( settings > accounts and sync > sync all ; or something like that ) . then have a look back at your people app and check if the email addresses are entered . if they are visible on your phone , that probably means that your phone supports this , but you have not found the good way to add this information via your people app . maybe you can search the site of the manufacturer for more information ( or maybe have a look at something like a help or get started app on your phone ) .
homepipe is one such service . subsonic is an open source server / web based solution . a free alternative solution is ampcache / amdroid
there is a flag that people can set on their youtube videos to allow or disallow those videos to be played on a mobile device . what you are seeing when you try to access those videos is that the person has set the flag to ' disallow ' .
most video recording apps are imho limited to 1h non-stop recording , as you can find with a simple google search , which is probably a safety measure to not let you run out of battery -- as video recording is the biggest consumer ( see what can i do to increase battery life on my android device ? ) . however , a developer can have his app overriding this limit ( see max duration for capture video on android on stack overflow ) -- so you might just have to find a video recording app which has this setting increased ( as e.g. one eye browser in this linked pro-version ) .
the adb backup command will not work fully on an unrooted device as it will attempt to backup things like the /system partition , and without root access the phone will deny you this for safety reasons . i am glad to hear running it with the -nosystem flag worked out for you : ) if you want to do a complete backup you need to be rooted . the /system partition , according to this page : contains the entire operating system , other than the kernel and the ramdisk . this includes the android user interface as well as all the system applications that come pre-installed on the device . wiping this partition will remove android from the device without rendering it unbootable , and you will still be able to put the phone into recovery or bootloader mode to install a new rom . this means that your backup does not include anything related to your operating system , only your apps and their settings . if you decide to root your device , you can create a very solid backup from cwm recovery where all partitions are backed up to the sdcard on the device , including the system and boot partitions .
if you are running the htc sense ui , then it should already be disabled . otherwise check this blog post for a . zip you can flash to disable it .
any 4-pin 3.5 mm stereo jack should work fine for straight sound but headsets with controls are a little more difficult . many are proprietary . if it claims to be universal it may work but if it is designed for apple or nokia it probably wont . basically , on a 4-pin jack it all depends on which ring the headset maps to which control . i could not find a droid x pinout diagram but i believe motorola uses the standard layout . this site has a pretty comprehensive list of the different pinout mappings and a lot of them are the same but a lot are proprietary . if in doubt , i would look for a set advertised to work with the droid x .
unfortunately , yes . for now , that is how google has created the maps application ; you cannot use maps ( or navigation ) without internet access . there are other apps that exist , though , that allow you to download maps for use offline . sygic and navfree , for example , both allow you to store maps on your device and then only require a gps fix to give you turn-by-turn directions . note you still need internet ( wifi or data network ) to download the maps the first time , but after that , you are free to shut data off .
the most obvious explanation is that the file is incomplete : there is only a small fraction of the file there , or only the first section of the file is readable . given that the symptoms you report in your other question point to sd card failure , that seems the most likely cause for this too . if this is a different sd card , it could be that the card itself is not at fault : rather , whatever you are using to copy files to the card could be corrupting the filesystem , or a dodgy usb connection to a card reader could be interrupting file transfers .
google now , you can disable in the settings of the " search " app .
the only solution i have found and seems to be working with more than one services , is to make sure that i leave open in the task manager the applications i do not want to be closed down . this is not a bulletproof approach , but it works for hours or even days ( at least in my case ) and it is much faster than manually changing oom priority ( only to find out that oom changes back after a while by the system itself ) . ideal solution would be an application that monitors oom of services specified by the user and making sure it is kept at certain levels , but i have not found any that can do that until now .
" to turn on automatic updating ? " i highly doubt there is an intent for this - that is a user setting and android does not generally allow apps to change user settings . i think the best solution is to , first , manually turn on the auto-updates feature of the play store , and set it to wifi only , and second , launch the play store when you connect to the desired hotspot . just launching it will typically cause it to perform any pending updates . i am not sure how you specify this in tasker or llama , but you can launch the play store by sending an intent that requests that a play store url be launched ( e . g . the url of a play store app or publisher ) , e.g. new intent ( intent . action_view , uri . parse ( " http://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id= "+appname ) ) more info about that is here . finally , you should go to the wifi settings and mark your home wifi network as metered . whoops . i have seen that setting in the api docs here but now i can not find a way for a user to set it . maybe that is only available for cell networks , or maybe that is coming in future versions of android ( the api was just added recently ) .
have a look at the following issue with the apps that are installed on sd card after reinserting the sd card i was one of the hard user of link2sd application . what i observed from this app is that you should not remove your sd card once you have applications on your sd card . while phone booting some of the applications gets initialized . if the phone system does not find the sd card and its applications then it is going to break the link between the sd card applications and the system . you might be seeing those applications on Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage Applications but they will not be accessible . to answer your question there might be a way but not known to all . you can mail the developer of link2sd mentioning the issue . they might give you a solution .
starting with android 3.0 ( honeycomb ) , google introduced hardware accelerated 2d rendering pipeline . for now it is a tablet-only feature , but hopefully we will get that in the unified ice cream sandwich platform . that should be a bit with that slowness issue with pdf readers since they are only able to do software rendering in gingerbread and older .
the situation seems to be improved in the android 2.2 update .
not with the gmail app that comes with the phone , no . but , if you really wanted this , you could do it like so : create a new gmail account , like emailsfrommyfriendjohnsmith@gmail.com. setup the new gmail account in your android phone , and enable notifications . in the gmail web interface , set up a filter in your current gmail account that has all email from your friend forwarded to the new email address . ( you will still see these emails in your regular inbox . ) voila !
you sure can ! sony introduced this in 4.2.2 . for the sony-xperia-z sony have introduced native dualshock 3 support this software functionality was spied in the upcoming sony xperia sp ( c530x ) settings menu ( settings > xperia ) . from here you will find a ‘dualshock 3 wireless controller’ menu option . you then need to connect the controller to your phone via an usb-otg cable . once this is done , you can remove the cable and the phone and controller will now be connected via bluetooth . here is a youtube guide on just this wirelessly : 3g uk also have a guide posted on how to do this using usb otg , and here is an extract : how do you connect the dualshock controller ? connecting your controller to your sony xperia devices does not involve rooting your device or anything complex . however , there are some things you will need two things before you can begin : •usb otg ( on the go ) adapter - an inexpensive cable which enables you to connect usb devices to your sony xperia device ( £2.68 on amazon ) . •the charging cable that came with your ps3 dualshock controller then follow the 4 simple steps below : step 1 - connect the " charging cable " to your ps3 dualshock controller and plug the other end into the usb otg adapter . step 2 - plug the usb otg cable into the micro-usb port on your sony xperia smartphone/tablet . step 3 - open up " settings " on your xperia device and navigate to the " xperia " menu ( listed under the device section ) step 4 - select the " dualshock wireless controller " app and follow the on-screen prompts . this artilce is for the coders and programmers and has details on how to implement in your own game . not exactly what you asked , but may be of interest to some !
keep clicking on the Next button as if you are agreeing . then you can choose ' no , maybe later` to opt out of google-now . when you perform a normal search under your previous searches/ suggested searches there is a link to " get google now " again ! you can click the big x beside it and it will not come back . however , some updates and reinstalling the search app may cause this to recur again , but the steps above will get rid of it .
yes , with firefox mobile . the search plugins from addons.mozilla.com can be installed directly in firefox mobile . if the search plugins from addons.mozilla.com do not cut it , shortmarks . com lets you make your own search plugins to save on your firefox install . this guide might help .
it is very difficult to put a number on the estimated battery life of the n1 , mainly because there is not really a standard " typical use " . but since it seems that you are looking for a number , this thread may help . since at least 2 people reported at least 2 days in a single charge ( given certain conditions ) , i would say that if your n1 battery does not hold more than 10 hours , it is time to start shopping for a new battery .
regarding your first 2 questions ( reboot / suspend ) : no this is not normal , however , as a lot of software from a lot of different vendors are running on your phone , it is inevitable that under certain conditions certain apps can cause your phone to " crash " . in an ideal world , no piece of software should be able to crash the underlying os and the phone , however , most likely , difficult to reproduce bugs with the underlying android os can lead to phone reboots . regarding the lag . there is a known issue with the samsung galaxy s and the " lagging " . checkout the links below for more info on the actual issue , and some fixes ( all require rooting your phone unfortunately ) . updating the android version to > 2.1 does not seem to resolve the issue . samsung is aware of this issue , but does not seem to have any plans in fixing it ( probably focusing on their new flagship phone ) . it is an outrage that users need to resort to all kinds of hacks on their 500$ phone to get it running properly . http://crave.cnet.co.uk/mobiles/how-to-speed-up-your-samsung-galaxy-s-with-the-voodoo-lag-fix-50002228/ http://www.groovypost.com/howto/mobile/most-common-lag-fixes-for-samsung-galaxy-s-captivate-vibrant-fascinate-epic-4g/
you can delete your whatsapp account through the following steps . open whatsapp . press the [ menu button ] => settings => account => [ delete my account ] . enter your phone number in the full international format and tap [ delete my account ] . please keep in mind that deleting your account is an irreversible process , we cannot undo a deletion if you complete the process by accident . goto whatsapp faq for more infomation
i would not want to call motoblur or htc sense just " skins " -- they are not a suite of visual enhancements , but an entire app suite that sits on top of the os . they are full-fledged graphical user interfaces with additional custom apps , virtual keyboards , widgets , etc . so , as to the benefits ? i like sense - its my major ui on the incredible , but i have also used my wife 's aria . the sense ui is cleaner and smoother ( hardware speeds aside ) . the custom widgets are smoothly integrated and have more features . other than the htc mail and messaging apps having a possible memory leak issue [ i replaced their use with k9 and gmail , and handcent ] , i have been pleased with sense . a smooth , consistent user experience with the interface can make using it better . it is not the be-all end-all -- despite the recent ms winmo7 commercials -- but it is nice .
although some have reported it as a bug , apparently the away status only appears after 10 minutes of idle time ( defined as no use and the screen shutting off ) .
open google now . go to Settings &gt; voice . change the ' speech output ' option .
you probably have to use odin . i have done it myself , and it worked for me . i used it to root my phone ( sgs2 ) . i have postponed it for months , afraid it would brick my phone , but it did not . make a backup of all important data . find a good manual on youtube , xda-developers or via google . compare them , and see what they say . be prepared that it can go wrong . if it goes wrong , it could mean that your phone is bricked . i have a friend who bricked his samsung phone , and samsung repaired it without making problems over a rooted phone . google will not update your phone . samsung has to prepare an update because of phone specific drivers and their own specific apps . that is the only official way to update , and if samsung does not make that update , there is no alternative but to use a rom .
the only work around for that problem is , to use this app -> cloudmagic ( https://cloudmagic.com ) solved my problem but it would be reate when google will fix this for the stock email app .
so finally i was able to fix this weirdo . since this answer doesnt really tell what was causing this . i will remark any further answers if they can tell what was the problem i will just describe what i did . root your device install clean master give it the root access ( it will ask itself ) remove all bloatware run cleaning routines hope that it helped you
os monitor does that . shows the name of the app , and the ip address of the connection ( including a whois with a map when you click on it ) . edit : i should mention that the sync icon typically indicates a system-level sync . do you have every item ( gmail , contacts , calendar , facebook ) explicitly turned off in the settings ?
in the htc dream ( g1 ) the umts radio ( 3g ) is a separate board from the rest of the phone . while this is a desire z and i have not had the opportunity to take one apart , it is probably very similar . the 3g/4g daughterboard ( or if it is connected , antenna ) could have failed , cracked , disconnected or sustained damage in some other way . software will not fix it . you have damaged hardware .
what are my options for recovery images ? is there anything besides clockworkmod or amon ra ? a third popular option is teamwin recovery project , usually referred to as twrp . if i go with either one , how do i get it installed ? since your bootloader is unlocked , you can use fastboot to install a recovery if you download it in . img format . you do this by downloading the recovery image to your computer , plugging in your phone , and executing : fastboot flash recovery /path/to/recovery.img  from a pc command prompt while your device is booted into fastboot mode . alternatively , clockworkmod and twrp can both be installed from apps on rooted devices . for clockworkmod you can use rom manager and select the " flash clockworkmod recovery " menu option . twrp can be installed using goomanager by selecting the " install openrecoveryscript " option in the app 's settings menu . a third option is to get a copy of the recovery you want in a bootloader-flashable zip file . for the evo it will be a file named pc36img . zip . you put it on the root of your phone 's sd card and then reboot into your bootloader and it should flash it for you . i know that amon ra has been distributed in this format , but i am not sure about the others .
you can try keystore unlocker if your phone is rooted and keystore notifier if it is not .
did you download wireless tether from the market or from http://code.google.com/p/android-wifi-tether/ ? if you are running android 2.1 you need to take the extra steps listed here : http://code.google.com/p/android-wifi-tether/wiki/setup_htc_desire_incredible if you are running 2.2 then in theory it should just work . i would first try the latest release candidate here : http://code.google.com/p/android-wifi-tether/downloads/detail ? name=wireless_tether_2_0_5-rc2 . apk and can=2 and q= let me know how it works out .
the galaxy s plus ( i9001 ) needs an external power source to have a working usb otg . see this link on xda for more information ( it is for the i9000 , but does also apply ) . according to gsmarena 's spec ( usb : yes , microusb v2.0 ) the i9001 firmware does not originally support usb-otg ( compare the s3 's spec , but 3rd party firmware added this later on . it does however not function without external 5v power .
the gmail app now does notifications based on “labels” instead of having global notification settings . that way you can have different settings per label . so , if you go to the inbox label ( i think ) , you can set the sound there…
as long as you log in to the new device with the same google account that you use on the incredible you will have access to all the apps that you purchased / downloaded . you will not have to purchase them again . the android market is tied to your google account , not the device .
solution that worked for me : connect the phone to the charger switch it off ( 10 sec press power button ) as soon as the led light up and the phone screen is black , disconnect it from the charger the phone should remain off ( wait for 10 sec to be sure ) connect again the charger and then unplug it after 5 sec now try to boot the recovery ( power + volume up ) once you are in recovery : fix the permission to enable r/w on system . clean cache and dalvin cache if you need flash it again ( you can push file with adb ) now the phone boots perfectly ! i am using lewa mod for reference .
to update the ring tone directory , the media scanner has to run . usually restarting the phone will do this , but if media scanner is not checking that directory when the device starts you can try to create a file in the sdcard ringtone directory with an app that triggers media scanner . i think astro file manager will trigger it . if that does not work , you could try clearing the cache ( i assume root since you are using root explorer and deleting system ringtones ) , the system may be caching that information and thinks they are still there .
looking through the hyperdrive rom page for note 3 at xda , power menu toggle can be adjusted by the following steps . open the application Hyperdrive Tweaks included in the rom . in the app goto General Mods &gt; Extended Power Menu select the options you want for power menu toggles viz ( shut down / restart / recovery etc ) . however , i cannot find out where to disable the volume settings control from the power button , my assumption would be under audio mods of hyperdrive tweaks . reading further down in the thread , few have mentioned that enabling the power toggle in the hyperdrive tweaks app should override the current volume control toggle behaviour by power button ( long press ) .
you can use an external bluetooth or usb keyboard with the nexus 7 . for more information see the connect to keyboards , mice , and other devices section of the nexus 7 manual . mike elgan reports that the nexus 7 also works with an apple bluetooth keyboard .
yes , it has a magnetic sensor / digital compass .
you can obtain the adb and fastboot utilities as part of the android software development kit ( or separately from third parties , but watch out for trojan binaries ) . if you install the sdk , you will need to install the platform tools and ( if using windows ) the usb driver for windows . once you have them , from whatever source , this is what you will do : reboot the phone to the bootloader ( fastboot ) : adb reboot bootloader  adb may not work if the phone has not previously been placed in usb debugging mode . in this case , boot the phone to fastboot mode by first powering it off , then powering it on by holding all three of the power , volume up and volume down keys at the same time for two seconds , then releasing all three keys , then touching volume down twice , then volume up once . check to see if the phone is in fastboot mode . if it does not show anything , wait a few seconds and try again : fastboot devices  wipe the user data/cache : fastboot -w 
the first step for any of these force close issues is to clear the cache and/or data from the problem app . whether it is the play store or youtube that is the problem is unclear ; you may end up doing both . open Settings Apps scroll down to the app you want and tap to open app info . ( if it is a system app ( without updates ) you may need to swipe left to " all " in order to find it . ) tap the clear cache button . if that does not work , return and tap clear data see also : app x isn&#39 ; t working correctly . how can i fix it ?
usually no - however , it is my opinion that this is a rather vague question that can not be accurately answered without knowing the app developer 's policy or whether the app is locked to a particular region .
353mb is probably too little for a proper 4.1+ experience . besides this , there is no generic android installation media , each device needs its firmware tailored and adapted by the manufacturer . if the manufacturer has put it end-of-life , you are hosed unless you find someone who ported it or you port it yourself .
ringtone keeper is also an free alternative that looks like it does what you want .
there bitter truth is there is none option to switch all automatic updated off in one go . i solved my particular problem by rooting the phone . since no exploit is known for 2.3.4 i had to unlock the phone . this in turn meant that both amazon mp3 and google books stopped updating themselves . which is one way to solve the problem . still i removed the files using the following script : warning : this is script from the “if you can not understand it you should not be using it” category .
one possibility would be to prefix all numbers in your contact list by *31# ( which turns the callerid on for that call only ) , while having callerid disabled in your settings . depending on whether the phone app is intelligent enough to detect this as to not belonging to the number , incoming calls should still be matched fine ( you could of course first try it out with one number to check ) . second possibility is the other way around : having callerid globally enabled , and prefix manually entered numbers by #31# . being unsure which method to use , take a third option and a look at prefixer , which should be able to do the one or the other for you -- depending on how you configure that app .
this happened to me again . the process of unlocking was as follows : - call the android phone from a normal phone - pick up the phone - press the options button - click the button to add someone to the call - press the " go back " button it should return you to the home page . after that , setup pattern unlock . it only uses the touch-screen , so it works with a broken lock button .
widgetlocker ( on the market ) provides htc-like , iphone-like , motorola-like , and rotary style unlock screens . really superb app .
i decided to look up some data , and my guess seems to be correct : http://nesl.ee.ucla.edu/fw/documents/reports/2007/poweranalysis.pdf according to the report , bluetooth takes the least amount of energy . however your 3g radio will probably take the most energy ; maintaining a 3g connection without transferring any data is cheap , but once you start sending/receiving data , then it trumps even wi-fi . wifi radios have a high wakeup and connection maintenance energy , but low energy per bit transmission cost and high bandwidth . cellular radios have low connection maintenance energy , but high energy per bit transmission cost and low bandwidth . disclaimer : the study might only apply for the particular model that the device they use .
so i tried to "Clear Data" , instead of just "Clear Cache" in the google service framework ( and forced stop ) . i then ran the checkin again ( dial *#*#2432546#*#* in the phone app ) , and now i am being shown the new Android 4.3 System Update .
ok the problem was simple and stupid . supersu had denied link2sd its root access permanently , i must have clicked on denied once . . . enabled root access for link2sd and everything was working fine .
there is a solution , but unfortunately it is a bit tedious . this issue occurs because android caches the album art at a low resolution . it also generates file names for the thumbnails in a weird manner ( apparently by the value of the system clock the first time the album appears ) . this means that the fix will be manual unless you employ some computer vision software . navigate to Internal Storage\Android\data\com.android.providers.media and copy the albumthumbs folder to some local directory . you will see files such as 1345139729376 , 1345139731350 , etc in albumthumbs . these files have no extension but are actually just jpegs . you can just edit these files if your image editing software supports it , but we could add .jpg to make it easier . in windows this could be done via the command-line with ren * *.jpg . now if you are on windows you will probably see image thumbnails instead of the generic file icon and it will be easy to edit the images . i am sorry if you have a lot of albums , but since the file names are as good as random we need to actually look at each image and replace it with its high resolution counterpart . if you changed the file extension we can change it all back with ren * *. ( note the period at the end ) . we can then paste our modified album art back into the original albumthumbs folder on the device . the result :
it turned out that mount is not actually supplied by busybox , but by toolbox . with this knowledge , it was easy to track down the cause of the bug : unlike busybox , since i do not have another " toolbox " implementation with a correctly working mount command , it is likely that the behavior would've been easy to see from the code . in fact the problem is here at line 330 : it checks if type == NULL , but then outputs an USAGE that erroneously shows -t as optional compare with busybox at line 1930 : // Loop through filesystem types until mount succeeds
dw contact manager supports this feature http://crowdin.net/project/dw-contact-group-manager
summing up : cyanogenmod from at least v7 up has , as usual , alerts for battery low . it can appear in different places : in the notification bar ( ryan conrad ) on the lock screen ( onik ) i rawly remember even having seen a toast displayed . according to onik , there should be a setting somewhere to toggle the alert sound for this event on/off -- and according to this cm forum post . . . led lights are in cm settings , while low battery sound is in phone/sound settings . i was able to find the sound at the end of the mentioned list with cm 7.2 ( but not 7.0.3 ) , but nothing in cm settings specific to the battery low event . though : if really needed , this should be quite easily established using tasker . . .
samsung lists the hdmi smart adapter on their website as being compatible with the galaxy note .
unfortunately , it seems like the htc aria does have that ability , but at and t has removed it .
easy tether works for me for usb tethering on os x lion . android.stackexchange.com/q/15735/15, android.stackexchange.com/q/5168/15 to elaborate , here are the steps involved : open the easy tether application on your android device and select usb ( you will see the et notification in the notification bar ) . plug your android device into your machine via usb . open network preferences , select easytether and select connect . also , if you do any android dev , make sure to follow the mobile stream 's faq ( although i just moved the . kext to the trash since kextunload was not working for me ) : adb on mac os x stops recognizing the attached device after installing > easytether driver do not follow this advice if you are not a software developer who uses the android sdk on mac . otherwise run " sudo kextunload /system/library/extensions/easytetherusbethernet . kext " to unload the easytether driver manually . load it again with kextload when/if necessary .
there is no such thing as an international rom . when you see ( for example ) a cyanogenmod rom " samsung galaxy s iii international " , it means that the rom is for the international variant of the phone hardware , with the right drivers for that phone 's hardware . the international variant might just have a different radio ( to work on the right gsm frequency for your country ) , but sometimes the international variant is a completely different phone , with a different soc or screen , but in the same case . if your phone is an " international " variant , then a rom that is for the us variant will be missing drivers you need . fixing this problem requires finding the correct drivers for your hardware and integrating them into the rom . if there is only one variant of your phone , or the rom is already for the correct variant , then you do not need an " international rom " . the only important difference between roms for different regions ( in this case ) is that they have network settings for networks in that region . you just need to get the right apn settings from your network operator ( you can probably find them on their website ) , go into the mobile networks settings in your phone , and input the correct settings .
there is currently an application on the google play store called drivedroid that should be able to handle that task . please note that it needs a rooted phone . after you install the app , it is a pretty straightforward process . if you need a helpful guide , this how-to by lifehacker should help .
it seems i was running the 5.0 version of google maps . i tried to search for an update on the market , but i could not even find the app . the most surprising thing was that using the exact search strings , i was able to find it very easy in the browser . i downloaded the 5.2 apk , and i installed it from the sdcard . afterwards , everything worked .
websharing : http://www.appbrain.com/app/websharing-file-media-sync/nextapp.websharing.r1
i have used mortplayer and it supports chapters , multiple bookmarks and remembers your place . as far as chapters go , it depends on how the audio book is setup , most mp3 audio books save each chapter as a different track and that works just fine . also , it is free . while i have not tried it , it is my understanding that ambling book player pro is the cats meow of audio book players , although it costs $9 . i do not really listen to audio books much anymore ( too many podcasts to keep up with ) and i use beyondpod for my economist podcasts . it remembers the last place you were listening but it does not let you set bookmarks .
this question is redundant : please see this one for a solution .
i had a rom that failed to vibrate certain " very short duration vibrations " ( or those of low strength vibrations ) . i am not sure if its just a hardware limitation of my phone or the rom in particular , but you could try an app like handcent for now and play around the vibration settings in there . handcent sms allows you to fine tune the vibrations , adjust the intervals between each vibrations in milliseconds etc . .
i actually got this working again ! ! after opening up the case and googling some of the different numbers printed on chips and the circuit board , i found out that this particular type of tablet can have its firmware flashed by putting the right files on the root of a micro sd card . when it boots up it will automatically check for said files and perform an update all by itself . when it finishes it asks you to remove the sd card and then automatically reboots itself . it took me a few tries to get a good firmware with the majority of features working . some were unstable , some would not boot , some would boot but had no touch screen or soft button support , no camera , gyro , wifi etc . i finally found one that seems stable and has most features working , minus the camera . i have a few more left to try and see if i can get the camera working , but other than that it works great !
my desire always did this , i have no idea what caused it , i always just ripped the battery out , it did not seem to do any harm . upgrading to froyo fixed the problem for me .
where is it ? it is inside an apk file for some application . can i access it without root access ? you can download the apk to your desktop and unzip it . dolphin hd . . . points to file:///android_asset/new_tab . htm since dolphin hd is not open source ( afaik ) , you have no way of changing this behavior . you also cannot modify this file unless you sign the resulting modified apk file with your own digital signature , in which case you would never again be able to get an update to dolphin hd . you may wish to contact the dolphin hd developers and suggest a feature that meets your needs .
you can manually set the location using an igoogle gadget or through firefox . what you are probably seeing when the location is " one block away " is that gps is not actually turned on on the handset . the phone is probably using positioning that is determined used cell phone tower location , so it will get you in roughly the correct place , but not the exact location you would expect if gps was turned on .
i was hoping to be able to programmatically suppress the default " my files " system app from starting when a usb storage device is plugged in , but it looks like it is not possible . however , i did find a workaround . first i installed a new file manager/explorer from the market ( i used es file explorer ) . then i went to android settings -> applications and then selected the my files app from the list and disabled it . now it no longer interferes with my own application that i am developing for my usb storage device . not the ideal solution , but it works for now .
i believe nexus 10 has gps hardware which can provide location information without any aid from gsm or wi-fi sources - same as my nexus 7 wi-fi only model . i have used my nexus 7 on road ( without any data connection ) and used is gps capabilities . i am just wondering how a did you get this suspicion when the specification clearly says about availability of the gps ?
what you are looking for is called " permission manager " . while android itself does not ( yet ? ) provide such itself , there are several of them available , my list holds some of them . there are different approaches . while some simply " deny access " ( which might cause an app to crash , if the dev did not take " revoked"/"not granted " permissions into account , and did not place an exception handler for those cases ) , the majority rather replaces " real data " by " fake ones " . examples : network access : " we are currently offline " contacts , calendar : " the user has none " ( empty list ) imei : "0123456789" ( sometimes a total random number on each call , but other times a random imei is generated after each boot ) location : " not available " ( location services deactivated ) or " fake location " ( e . g . north pole ; some apps even allow to set your desired " fake location " and simulate movement in a specified radius ) a selection of popular " permission managers " includes : pdroid/openpdroid : effective , but hard to install . both require root and deodex ed rom , afaik openpdroid is even limited to cyanogenmod lbe privacy guard : proprietary solution made in china , which might raise some eyebrows . works great up to android 4.0 ; do not install with higher versions as it will only stick your device in a boot-loop then . root required . lbe security manager : successor of privacy guard , works with all current android versions . playstore version is in chinese only ; patched versions are available at xda for other languages . some feel this one a little overloaded , as it wants to be an all-in-one security suite covering a lot of stuff not everybody needs . root required . xprivacy : a module to the xposed framework . gives very granular control , but other than lbe you cannot configure it to " ask everytime " whether access should be allowed ( a feature i love about lbe ) . root required . app ops : with 4.3-jelly-bean , android had some permission management integrated but hidden from the user . there are several " app ops " front-ends available , not all of them require root . not all of them keep working with 4.4-kitkat , though , where this feature was " better protected " . not that granular , but much better than nothing if your device is not rooted . above mentioned list holds several more , but these are the best known . i personally use lbe privacy guard on my devices running 4.0 or lower . no app ever crashed on me for " disabled permissions " , so lbe imho uses the " fake permissions " approach . same afaik applies to the other solutions i have mentioned here .
thanks to doug plenty for providing the answer to me directly . this is the subject of an apple patent and over which they are suing htc ( amongst others ) who customise android in a way that the stock os does not dare . see for example http://mashable.com/2011/12/19/apple-patent-victory/
i believe it is a no to both those questions . yes you can clear default associations only if you know which app is associated with with Intent ( you will still be prompted with the dialog asking you which app you had like to use with the current Intent ) . apart from that there is no way to clear associations . they are hard coded inside each app , there is no way to remove them . update : to answer your edited question head to settings > applications > manage applications find your application that you chose as your default app for that intent , click clear defaults
not possible at this time . this answer in the google support forums indicates that it can not be done , but that it will be forwarded on as a feature request .
things like this sometimes happen when something gets stuck in cache . to solve that , the easiest approach is : boot into recovery select to " wipe cache " which works for both , stock recovery ( aka "3e" ) and custom recoveries . of course , with a custom recovery you can also " wipe dalvik " – does not hurt , just causes a longer first-boot after that . side effect might even be improved performance , especially when you frequently install/update/uninstall apps , as this wipe forces the entire dalvik cache to be rebuilt cleanly . the important part however is the " normal cache " , where it is more common that " things get stuck " .
the build you flashed appears to have an associated xda thread . the first post of that thread ( by the rom 's creator ) contains this a little ways down : - flash this if your are having root issues - http://goo-inside.me/superuser/superuser-3.0.7-efghi-signed.zip i would start there , and see if it resolves the problem . you should just need to download the zip file and flash it from recovery ( i can not test this myself , unfortunately . i do not own an sgs ) . edit : this looks like it may be a common problem with that particular build . there are some posts toward the end of the thread where people are saying they can not get root to work either . another post has a flashable zip file attached that is apparently intended to fix the issue as well .
basically , yes . that is samsung 's ui/framework , touchwiz . other manufacturers have their own uis as well , including htc 's sense and motorola 's motoblur . the nexus s has the " stock " android ui .
it turns out that on the galaxy note 3 that the voice recorder app is hidden away inside a folder called , simply , " samsung " . there is no visual distinction between a folder and between an app , so i had no reason to suspect that there was anything of value or interest to be had by clicking the icon named samsung .
i have had this issue and there are 3 ways to try to get around this . you will need a custom recovery to attempt 1 . or you can use odin alternatively for 2 . below . the superSU binaries are often ( but not always ) installed via recovery and the app itself gives this option . when superSU asks you to update the binaries , rather than select ' normal ' select ' recovery ' and see if it can install that way . flash superSU.zip directly in your recovery or Odin . here is the link to chainfire 's latest version . i have tried this myself and it fixed the issue for me on a number of devices . install an alternative super user app from the market . ( this can be messy , and you need to ensure superSU is completely removed )
it is operator-related . although the phone can support conference calling , most consumer calling plans do not let you do that .
this video seems to cover it : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=luv31pkozcgfeature=player_embedded to recap : open camera app open menu tap " tags " uncheck auto-location tag done .
the " hc " in every sd-card name simply means " high capacity " - i.e. every sd card with more than 8gb is a SDHC card . every " sdhc " card is sd-standart 2.0 ( "sd 2.0" ) . which means your device is compatible with a microSDHC card up to 32 gb .
yes this is possible . power adapter can be plugged into tablet or dock . it is possible to charge the tablet from the dock while the dock is being charged , remove the tablet , use tablet , return to dock for charging . hope this helps pete
to turn off notifications for google+ , open the google+ app , press menu-> settings-> notifications , then press the on/off toggle in the top right . to turn off notifications for gmail/google apps mail , open the gmail app , press menu-> settings , select the account you wish to disable notifications for , uncheck the checkbox that says : email notifications to turn off notifications for google talk , open the google talk app , press menu-> settings , select the account you wish to disable notifications for , press im notifications and select off , and the same for video chat notifications to turn off notifications for google voice , open the google voice app , press menu-> settings-> sync and notifications , and uncheck the boxes for text and voicemail notifications . note : this is based on android 4.0+ , some of these apps ( especially google talk ) may function differently on pre-ics .
ah , supersu you clever girl ! apparently greenify was updated and it was constantly asking for root access . the prompt woke up the tablet each time . boy do i feel silly now !
to fix my device i did the following : pull the battery to get the device to stay off ( if you are quick you might be able to hold the power button and select shut down before it reboots ) while the device is off hold both volume buttons and the power button . this will bring up a bootloader menu use the volume buttons to change selection to " recovery mode " press power button to select once there is an android guy with an exclamation on the screen press volume up+power at the same time . i had to try a few times to get it to work . seems like you have to hit them in just the right way . this will bring you to another menu that you navigate with volume buttons and select with power . choose " factory reset " wait several minutes for the reset to complete . once it is done select reboot . at this point my device booted back up fine but was still stuck in a boot loop . i panicked slightly get the device to the off state again . either by pulling the battery or holding power and selecting shut down from the menu quickly while it is actually on . i went with the latter this time , though i did have to be quick about it to not be interrupted by a reboot . press the power button to begin turning the device on when you see the " google " logo press and hold the volume down button . continue holding the volume down button until the device is fully up and running . you should see " safe mode " in the lower left corner . while in safe mode my device did not reboot itself . i took this opportunity to complete all of the device setup menus once done setting up the device i turned it off and back on in the normal manner once it came back up it was no longer stuck in boot-loop . note : i factory reseted the device because it is not the phone i carry and it had nothing i cared about on it . if you are having this issue with your real phone i suggest trying safe mode before resetting as the actual reset did not seem to fix it .
i was not able to find a free solution so i am doing exactly what you are looking for with tasker . when my work calendar shows me in a meeting it turns the ringer to vibrate .
there are several possibilities : manually setting all volumes to 0 , except for those channels you want to keep ( e . g . alerts , notifications , system ) . issue : on some devices/systems some channels seem to be " locked together " , so as soon as e.g. volume for calls is increased , some other slider increases automatically along . an app like audio control might help on that . same thing , but use some automation tool ( e . g . tasker ) . this might work-around the slider-lock . disabling notifications from the app ( might not work if the app does not count that as " notification" ) if root access is available : replace/remove the corresponding sound file ( credits go to dan for this ) using a helper like app override . unfortunately this is no longer available on google play , so i linked to the original thread on xda .
if it happened only once , it might have been a battery calibration error . this seems to be a defective battery . i would send the device back , if i were you . the drop seems to be too steep to be from a continuous drain ( like wifi ) .
root is not required to develop android application . the android sdk comes with an emulator that can run a virtual android device on your computer and test your application there . however you can hook up a real android device to your computer and enable a feature called usb debugging . for pre-jellybean phones this is accessible in developer options that should be visible in the settings app . for jellybean and up phones , you need to go to about phone and tap on build number a few times . then developer options should appear and you can enable usb debugging from there . an android phone is already prone to malware if external sources are enabled . use the google play store and always read the reviews . if an app wants root privileges , the phone will ask you first , so do not worry . however if you allow it , you are on your own . the app has full control over every aspect of your phone . your phone will need to be rooted if you are going to use root features in it ( obviously ) hope i helped .
android 's documentations only mention client and server relationship so it is more important to determine which device is the client and which is the server . the device that initiates the connection is the client while the other is server . someone says that the master is usually the client while the slave is the server but i am not sure if that applies for all cases .
this is the highest rated app i found appbrain : http://www.appbrain.com/app/pubtran-london/cz.fhejl.pubtran.london here 's the search i used : http://www.appbrain.com/search?q=tflsort=highest-rated
no . there are alternative , customisable sms apps though , like chompsms or handcent sms .
instead of having no ringtone assigned to it , get a short silent ringtone ( such as the ones found here and use that to set a silent ring .
it turns out that the solution to this is rather easy , but scarcely documented . to switch between forward-is-up and north-is-up , simply tap the red/white compass needle in the upper left hand corner of the screen .
features appbrain has that the market site does not : ability to save lists and keep them private or share them appbrain reviews on top of market reviews more sharing options more filtering options for browsing lists of popular apps app recommendations based on what you have installed shows the total amount you have spent on paid apps features the market site has that appbrain does not : two added categories : widgets and live wallpapers ability to install to device from websites without having to have an addon app that you have to periodically reauthorize like appbrain easily choose which device to install to if you have multiple devices ability to buy apps from the site shows videos that the developers have added to their market page these are all obviously subject to change .
you already have a working vcard file ( . vcf ) , just import it using gmail 's web interface . if this vcf is still bad , you can apply simple text processing ( regex search and replace ) to it before importing it to google . here are the steps to import a vcard file into gmail using the web interface . here 's an excerpt from google 's help : click gmail at the top-left corner of your gmail page , then choose contacts . click the more actions dropdown menu and select import . . . . click the choose file button and locate the vcard file you had like to upload . select the file and click the import button .
for auto backup access there are several options open to you . phone : select the gallery app which should bring up a listing of your albums . one of your albums will be titled auto backup ( assuming you have photos/videos in the album - otherwise the album will not appear ) . website : google+ auto backup website : picasa web
i was having that problem , and the solution that helped me was to charge up the battery completely , then use the recovery boot menu to wipe battery stats . then , i used the phone until the battery died and the phone shut itself off . during that time , it is important to not plug in your phone to usb or charger , it has to drain continuously . then you can charge it back up again and use it as normal . it should help to make the battery percentage more accurate , and to drop in a more stable way .
yes , 3g traffic will go through your vpn if it is set up correctly . whether or not your service provider supports that is another matter ; some block vpn traffic ( such as verizon - see this thread ) .
ok . i have found the answer , at least for that rom : in the /system/build.prop file in the zip file , the first " section " has build properties , which details all the information that is visible in the " about phone " part . this is an example of it here :
no , it does not have any kind of pass through . you cannot charge or dock the prime when the gps dongle is plugged in . here 's a youtube unboxing that provides a good overview of its physical design .
i ended up using epub2go . com to convert the pdfs to epub format then used aldiko to read them .
this is certainly possible with tasker , though i cannot give you the " complete recipe " . basically , you could create a task like this : execute command : ls -1 /path/to/your/files , and capture the output into a variable the command will list all files in the given directory , one file per line work on the variable . there are possibilities to convert it into an array , so you can use a for loop to handle each file again with variables , you can setup the rename command ( e . g . using variable search replace ) in a new variable . pseudo-code : mv "$old_name" "$(s/ /_/,$old_name)" but it is much easier to use a simple shell script in some terminal app ( or via adb shell ) to achieve the same : cd /path/to/your/files for file in $(ls -1); do mv "$file" "$(echo $file|sed 's/ /_/g')"; done 
the dialer may have hard-coded the api key for the lookup service . the error occurs when too many requests are sent using a single api key in a short interval .
on oled , amoled and super amoled screens : yes lcd screens : no
from the whatsapp site , the minimum requirements are android 2.1 , so even if you managed to find the apk and side-load it onto the g1 running 1.6 , it probably will not work . stable releases of cyanogenmod 5 ( android 2.1 ) and 6 ( android 2.2 ) are both available for the g1 . you can install whatsapp if you upgrade to cm 5/6 .
i would suggest reporting the issue on the andless issue tracker . i did not see anything that relates to exactly what you mention but the developers may know what your issue is or they can correct it .
i would try clearing the data for it . do so via Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications and finding voice search ( or the relevant app if you are using another ) under the all tab .
the reason can be find in appbrain faq : 4 . i cannot find some apps , what is going on ? it always says " the requested item could not be found " . appbrain lists applications that are available in the us that are available for android version 1.6 and up for devices with a normal screen size . developers can restrict availability of apps by country , android version and screen size . this means that if you are not in the usa , have a device with a small screen size ( for instance the htc wildfire or tattoo ) , or when you are not on the latest version of android , you may often get the " not found " message from the android market . so , to give you an example , i am a developer and published an app on android market , that is restricted to france and germany , so users from those country will find it on android market , but not on appbrain , who lists only us applications .
android comes with a basic video player called " movies " , although it might not show in the application list for some devices . to use the built-in player , you need to use the gallery or a file manager to invoke the movies app on the movie file you want to play . alternatively there are many alternative movie players on the market . here are a few threads to get you started : mx video player moboplayer rockplayer qqplayer vplayer
try long-pressing the Search button . it should be tied to voice search by default . then say " dial xxx " , where " xxx " is either a phone number ( with the area code ) or name of a contact from your phonebook . here are all the voice actions you can perform with the voice search app : http://www.google.com/mobile/voice-actions/ note : according to google 's last blog post on the subject , voice actions via this app only work in english language . you might need to change your phone 's locale to " us " or " uk " in order to get this to work .
there is an important distinction to be made : android in its stock form , and samsung 's version of android , with the touchwiz framework . the touchwiz functionality for the eyeball recognition works with only with apps ' native ' to samsungs touchwiz version of android . apps like samsung sms , samsung internet , samsung gallery etc . air gestures can be ported to 3rd party apps , flipboard is an example of this . fore the eye recognitions stuff , like smart scroll etc . the app needs to be embedded in touchwiz . however , the ' keep screen on ' functionality works over apps , so the screen should not lock while gaming etc . after looking into this myself , i havn't found any xposed or other modules to override this for root users . also , on the s4 google edition ( running almost 1 stock android ) there is no eyeball recognition whatsoever , and cannot be implemented . also , from a developer 's point of view it , even if it was possible to access this functionality , would it be worth implementing it for only one device , and not being accessible on any other phone ? it is a good idea in a way , but i do not see it expanding for a while , until other oems decide on similar tech perhaps . 1 techincally the touchwiz framework is there to enable the s-view cover . on the htc one google edition htc sense is there to allow beats audio to be built in .
you can use automateit to enable/disable airplane mode on a schedule . this may be easier than finding a custom alarm clock .
try adding a new google account , preferably via mobile data instead of wi-fi . it should restore the calendar sync option .
my data manager is a free app available in the android market which will aid you in catering your needs . it will give you a detailed statistics of which app/service used how much data . edit : did not notice this was answered in the comments already .
theoretically , of course , you could modify your hardware . but this is not remotely feasible for 99% of us . one thing you can do -- if you root -- is to install various apps that will allow you to move more to the sd card . you could also try a custom rom that is smaller than the stock rom . if rooted you will also be able to uninstall crapware system apps ( be careful not to touch the important onces ) .
the folder Media is the where all the sound files are actually stored . inside Media , it has its own Alarms , Notifications , and Ringtones folder . these are the folders where each respective sound file belongs . in my case , i wanted to create a custom alarm . i thought it would be as simple as dropping a sound file in there , but it was not . there is a trick . in order for the android phone to recognize your file as an actual alarm , the file must have Alarm appended to its name . example : if your song/file name is Unwell.mp3 , then you have to rename it to Unwell Alarm.mp3 . only after you include the Alarm in the name will it become an alarm .
the filtered contacts list solves this problem , but unfortunately if you are like me you are constantly needing to look at the larger list of contacts and you will not remember to turn the filter back on afterwards . so when you get back into the car , it will start sending the whole list again . i just found a workaround . there are a ton of alternative contact apps in the marketplace that will sync to your gmail contacts . i installed go contacts ex https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.jbapps.contactprofeature=search_result#?t=w251bgwsmswyldesimnvbs5qymfwchmuy29udgfjdhbybyjd it appears that the bluetooth address book is only controlled by the stock contacts app , which i have left filtered . i banished the stock app from my home screen/launcher . all good now .
it is difficult to know whether an apk is safe or not . your best bet is to download from trusted or reputable sources ( like google play , amazon , etc ) . some ( trusted ) developers also provide an md5 ( or other message-digest algorithm ) hash of their apks . after your download the apk , you verify if the apk has the same hash . if it does , then it is safe to say it has not been tampered with . you can also check the permissions required by the apk / app , and use common sense ( or your own judgement / instinct ) to tell if it is safe to install or not . bottomline : always install from trusted sources . stay away from pirated apks ; it is possible they may have malware .
turns out that uninstalling and reinstalling the drivers solves the issue . the strange part is that before i uninstalled the drivers , the name on the driver said it was for a samsung galaxy device , which the nexus 4 clearly is not .
is there a way to hack the market/play app so that it can not delete apps from the phone without specific authorization from the user ? yes , there are tools to decompile an apk and dex files and make modifications and put them back together again ; you will need root , the appropriate softwares , lots of knowledge about dalvik and java bytecode , and many weekends spent on reading . also be warned that you are breaching the tos of google play . and . . . good luck , you will need it .
i do not believe this is the way google drive works . the app , if i am not mistaken , allows you to view ( and edit some google documents ) but maintains them in the cloud . while it does allow you to download them , it saves them to your download folder for local use only . you can choose photos you have taken from your gallery and upload them to google drive , but ( if i am not mistaken ) , there is no automatic folder syncing option . you can use google+ though . it automatically adds all your photos to a google+ album only you can see . given , not as easy as drive , but still a good auto-upload option . i do not know of an easy way to get them from there to a drive folder though :/ you can also use foldersync . it could sync folders with google docs , and still works after docs upgraded to drive , google drive is fully supported . just choose google docs when adding account in the app . in case , you do not want to pay , its [ free lite version ] [ 3 is also in play store , but with some limitations . thanks for the above goes to sachin shekhar .
the only way to achieve this is to port over the old keyboard from an older device . this might break stuff , and probably is not the safest bet . you could install multiling keyboard and have a voice button on your numpad . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.klye.ime.latinhl=en
there is some hope to recover data which was stored on the “internal sd card” . samsung galaxy s2 supports usb connection in the mass storage mode ( unlike some other more recent models ) . this mode provides the required block-level access to the partition which holds your media and other files ( but not contacts , sms and app data ) . therefore you can connect your phone to pc in the usb storage mode ( not mtp ) , then use the same utilities as you would use to recover files from an sd card which was accidentally formatted ( one free option for windows is recuva ) . recovering data from the internal memory is much more harder for several reasons : you need to root the phone in order to get access to raw partitions ( with some phones which have an unlocked bootloader there is an option of flashing an alternate recovery image with root access through adb ) . note that the rooting process in most cases involves writes to the /data partition , which could overwrite the data you want to restore . the internal file system is not the usual fat or ntfs , like in windows ( recent models in most cases use ext4 ) , therefore many recovery tools designed for use with windows filesystems will not work well ( scanning the raw disk for pieces looking like data in a well-known format might give a useful result even if the filesystem is not supported , but see the next point ) . in most cases the app data is stored in some format not used outside of the android os ( e . g . , contacts and sms/mms messages are stored in sqlite databases with the android-specific schema ) , and these formats are unlikely to be supported by commonly available data recovery utilities . and this assumes that the phone repair lab did not just replace the main phone board ( which they often do , unless the problem was obviously in some other component ) .
okay so it has dawned on me that the reason why the shutter action on tasker does not seem to work . it seems to be the stock rom i was using before . now that i am using an aosp rom , it works quite flawlessly . so yeah , it might have been the rom .
i believe you should be able to switch between loudspeaker and earpiece like this in the screenshot at the bottom while in a call . on my samsung galaxy 3 running a custom 4.0.3 rom , it is working fine . but after searching on skype forums i found this - speaker only on android device looks like a lot of people are having the same issue from initial releases of skype for android . devices and os are different in each case , so there really is no solution for users other than to wait for a fix from skype . you should perhaps look for alternative apps like these- fring ( fring google play ) sip ( sip for android ) gtalk for android app . ( supports video/voip from android 2.3 onwards ) . see here - xda-develoeprs gtalk w/video and voice for 2.3.3 roms
i have used backitup pro successfully -- it is one of very few apps i have found that can backup/restore mms across roms . mybackup pro is another popular app . i have no experience with it personally though . titanium backup is very nice for a lot of things , but for call logs and sms , i am not sure it is portable across roms . it looks like it is simply backing up the sqlite dbs directly . there is a " data migration " option that is been added recently , but it looks like it is a pro-only feature . perhaps someone who is tried it can chime in with their experience . there is also call log backup and restore and sms backup and restore , which are free apps . they back up to xml files , so should be highly portable across roms . edit : i had a chance to test the " restore " features last night with my wife 's droid . i switched her from ruby 1.1.1 to cyanogenmod 6.1.0 , and took the opportunity to wipe her phone and start it fresh . the call log backup and restore and sms backup and restore apps worked perfectly . finally , there is sms backup+ , which copies sms/mms and calls logs to your gmail account .
it is true . but not all touch screen phones work well with this . the capacitive touch screens that we find in most android phones these days work by detecting electrical disturbances from our body . the ' sponge ' used in these diys are electrically conducting foam and they transfer the charge of our body through it , thus registering touches . on the other hand , these sponge tipped styluses obviously will not work well with resistive touch screens unless you apply some amount of pressure .
if your device is rooted , you can use titanium backup to backup the maps application , which will backup the application and it is data . after resetting , again install titanium backup , ( you have to root again , if you had lost the root access , as a first step ) and restore the maps application . while restoring , you get a chance to opt for restoring app alone or app with data . when opting for the later , your offline data also comes .
ok , i think the answer to your question is that pandora 's stream is never more than 64 kbps for mobile devices , whereas google music uses 320 kbps mp3s and there is no downsampling . that is 5 times the amount of data , assuming pandora does not use a better format than mp3 . since google music transcodes your files , i do not think you have much of an option here .
please attempt the following : delete the entire .thumbnails folder delete the /sdcard/Android/data/com.android.gallery3d folder go to Settings-&gt;Apps-&gt;All and select the Gallery app . select clear data . go to Settings-&gt;Apps-&gt;All and select the Media Storage app . select clear data . reboot your device . this will completely erase all data from the gallery app , and if you open it before you reboot you should notice that you have no thumbnails . they will be generated on boot .
this is probably because the icon pack you installed does not have an icon for those apps . icon packs only include app icons for certain apps and clearly the one you have installed does not cover many common apps . if you download another icon pack you may find that includes more icons for the apps you have installed . another option would be to contact the developer of the icon pack you have installed and request that they include an icon for the extra apps . if the icon pack does include an icon for the app but for whatever reason it does not change , you can do this manually . long press on the app icon in the menu that appears , click on ' edit ' click on the icon in the popup you should then be able to see all available icons , from which you can select the one you wish to use for that app . this will change the icon everywhere within the launcher ( i.e. . app drawer and home screens ) .
the problem is that you ran adb as an underprivileged user . so when adb server starts , it does not have the permissions to run read/write to the device . first you have to kill the server , and then restart it as root : sudo adb kill-server sudo adb start-server Then you can run this as any user: adb devices 
take a look at touchqode . it comes with a virtual keyboard specifically for programming .
system apps can not be installed without root . only updates to existing system apps can be installed , and they do not actually reside in the /system partition ; the original app is kept there , which allows you to uninstall updates separately . so a factory reset will remove any updates , but not the original app .
indeed - there are a few but i would recommend rolf 's agenda widget . lots of options and highly configurable . scrolling support is present , although the launcher must support scrollabel widgets like adw / lpp / golauncher do .
you can not . and you should not . samsung 's proprietary touchwiz interface , has the hability to change fonts that are distributed as apk files and can be installed like any other app . i am not aware of any other manufacturer that integrated this feature into their device . it is also a bad idea to change the fonts . if they have different x-height parts of the letters may get cut . they may not have some special characters that the system or an app expects so boxes or nothing will show up in it is place . legibility can also be an issue . there are fonts that do not have any of these issues , but they are rare and are mostly the same type as the system font , so you will not notice much improvement .
you can do this with your native camera app . but you have to have jb 4.2 ( not 4.1 . x ) . go to the camera . tap on the camera icon and pick the item that looks like a small globe with a panorama stretched over it . that is the photo sphere mode . take a picture as usual . keep your camera steady . you should see a message to align your camera with the blue dot . tilt your camera up , down , left , or right slowly to match the center of the screen with the blue dot for the next area . the picture will snap automatically when you get there . keep going for as long as you wish to take as many images as possible and make your complete photo sphere . note : this may look a little weird if you try to take pictures of people , since they tend to move between shots . landscapes and interior shots are your best bets .
sdk : adb shell getprop ro . build . version . sdk complete list : adb shell getprop through the package manager : adb shell pm list features
i would like to try cyanogenmod but my phone is not in the list of supported phones , is there anything i can do ? if you had search more carefully , you had find this topic ( link ) . there is cyanogenmod for your phone . but this firmware in early alpha stage of porting . another great link . if i do not like some rom i installed i can uninstall it and go back to the default rom or any other , right ? yes , you are right . also i would note that there is not dedicated uninstall procedure , but you always can reflash your phone to another rom version , including original stock rom . if i get to root my phone without troubles , can installing the rom break it or my only risk is with the rooting ? the most risky part is , of course , flashing . because if something goes wrong , you may get bricked phone . but usually everything is ok . also android supports recovery boot mode which can help in case of unsuccesful flashing .
apparently the winamp app has an Enable auto-mount setting that is by default set to true . problem resolved .
my current guess is that the script took a lot of cpu time because it uses a very inefficient way of calculating the log file length , which is to read the entire log file to memory and use length . this should not have been much of an issue if the log file is small , but since you said that log file 's current size is more than 50mb , this shows that the log file is not getting trimmed properly . another concerning issue is that init scripts are supposed to only run once at startup , but this script is obviously being run periodically . if my guess is correct , you may be able to fix this temporarily by deleting the log file , but eventually the slow down will occur again when the log file is filled again . check if you have the latest version of your rom , maybe it is fixed in the latest version ? otherwise if it is an unmaintained rom , you will need to figure out a way to fix the script .
as you have already figured , a built-in solution is : open the contacts app on the " old device " in menu → import/export , chose to export copy the resulting 0001.vcf file to your " new device " on the new device , open the contacts app and chose to " import " from menu → import/export hint : take care there is enough free space available on the " exporting " device ( file might get large , as contact pictures are stored inside it as well ) . you might not always get a warning when storage runs full , but instead end up with some " incomplete export " , which then cannot be imported on the other end . now for the second part : why did not they sync automatically ? first , there are a few different " storages " to be considered : on sim google contacts these two are available on all devices . depending on device and rom , there might be additional " storages " , e.g. exchange pc suite assuming you are speaking of google 's sync : that only takes care for google contacts . as the pc suite would only cater contacts in pc suite to sync them with its desktop counterpart , and exchange would not care for anything but exchange contacts ( you would not want your personal contacts appearing in your company 's address books , would you ? ) . sim contacts are a very special case : nothing cares to sync them anywhere . i am not even sure whether import/export is touching them . so as parts of your contacts have been stored as " lg pc suite contacts " , these have not been sync'd with google ( and your " google contacts " not with lg suite ) , which explains the miss .
i took the phone to two different verizon stores , talked to phone support , and even got a replacement- to no avail . finally i installed the sound manager app and set it to " vibrate whenever possible " . this fixed the problem !
yes , an ebook from android market ( in google books ) has a different format from the kindle . it would seem that you can obtain google books in either epub or pdf ( more information here ) . amazon books are in the azw format . this comes down to personal preference . i have read books on both google books and kindle on my xoom ; i see little to no difference in quality . both can sync to my phone to keep my place . since you have a kindle fire , perhaps sticking in the amazon ecosystem would be a good idea , since you may wish to un-root in the future . there are a lot of pdf readers ; just recently the kindle software was updated to read pdfs . i personally use ezpdf pro for pdf files because of speed and its ability to remember my location in pdf files from read to read . this again , would be personal preference ; however i have loaded mobi into the kindle app without problems . the book acted like any other i had in regards to reading ( except it did not sync across devices and had to be manually uploaded to each of them ) . i would suggest looking at this question as well for more information on ereaders . so , the kindle app does what you want it to do overall ( books , pdfs , and mobi ) and also is a major part of the kindle fire amazon ecosystem they have setup for the device ; and may be the way to go if you decide to revert your fire to its un-rooted state . edit ( addition ) : amazon also seems to like releasing updates that un-root your device ( and prevent further known rooting methods - for now ) . source states that unless you have changed roms , you are susceptible at any time on wifi to get the update .
install dual file manager . this program lets you unzip password protected files .
rather than sleeping , i spent a few more hours experimenting . i found what works best for my needs is an ftp server app . for casual transfers , when both devices are connected to the same network , i will just transfer through my access point . with the limitations that implies . if i am not near an ap or just want full speed , i will deal with the hassle of setting of the wi-fi direct partnership and then launch the ftp server . it usually takes 3-5 tries before the devices connect , but once they do , ftp works stable and fast . furthermore , this solution also satisfies my secondary goal , of being able to use the same method to transfer files between android device and pc . now , there are a lot of ftp server apps out there . most are ad-supported , most are rather big as well . to my surprise , there is also quite a performance difference between them . i thought i would might as well shared my experience with the four ftp server apps i tested . . . required permissions none of the tested apps required ridiculous permissions . just the following special permissions : full network access modify or delete the contents of your usb storage modify or delete the contents of your sd card prevent tablet from sleeping prevent phone from sleeping in addition , andreas liebig 's ftpserver also required : read phone status and identity speed test setup the speed test was not exactly scientifically performed , but devices were in the exact same spots during tests . ftp server app running on nexus 7 filezilla ftp client running on windows 8 laptop both connected to the same 802.11n network . windows reported the link speed as 130 mbps ( i know this is not exact ) i downloaded the same 103,4 mib large file two times through each app test results all stats , numbers and other facts are as of march 30th 2013 . apps ordered by measured throughput , fastest on top . andreas liebig 's ftpserver price : free latest version : 2.4.0 ( 2013-03-26 ) size : 78 kb install base : 100.000 - 500.000 avg . rating : 4.6 android os requirement : 1.1+ comments : initial configuration required , not plug-and-play . detailed server log on main screen when service is running . no anonymous access possible ? throughput : 103.4 mib downloaded in 43 seconds @2.4 mib/sec , 103.4 mib downloaded in 47 seconds @2.2 mib/sec boby ertanto 's my ftp server price : free ( ad supported , ad-free version available ) latest version : 2.1 ( 2013-02-28 ) size : 1.2 mb install base : 50.000-100.000 avg . rating : 4.1 android os requirement : 2.2+ comments : simple interface . very basic settings . throughput : 103.4 mib downloaded in 48 seconds @2.2 mib/sec , 103.4 mib downloaded in 49 seconds @2.1 mib/sec the olive tree 's ftp server price : free ( ad supported , ad-free version available ) latest version : 1.11 ( 2013-01-14 ) size : 1.1 mb install base : 100.000 - 500.000 avg . rating : 4.4 android os requirement : 2.1+ comments : based on apache ftp server . simple interface . configurable port , home dir , username/password , service resillience , energy saving etc . throughput : 103.4 mib downloaded in 56 seconds @1.8 mib/sec , 103.4 mib downloaded in 56 seconds @1.8 mib/sec berserker 's ftpdroid price : free ( ad supported , ad-free version available ) latest version : 1.3.1 ( updated 2012-12-28 ) size : 2.0 mb install base : 50.000 - 100.000 avg . rating : 3.9 android os requirement : 2.2+ comments : based on pure-ftpd . simple interface . configurable port , home dir , username/password , service resillience , energy saving etc . troughput : 103,4 mib downloaded in 135 seconds @0,8 mib/sec , 103,4 mib downloaded in 121 seconds @0,9 mib/sec conclusion not only is andreas liebig 's ftpserver the only completely free of the apps tested , it is incredibly light weight ( 78 kb ! ) , can run on any android phone you can find but also has the fastest throughput of the apps tested . once the initial configuration is done , the main window simply displays your standard ftp server log , whereas other applications pretty much displays nothing but a few buttons and maybe the ip address and port of the server . thank you , andreas !
i would bring the phone to your carrier 's local store . if a different sim card from the same carrier works , then it is possible that your sim card is damaged or corrupted . the carrier may need to replace it for you . keep in mind that some carriers ( or authorized reseller outlets ) will charge you for this .
you could , but without support it would be difficult . android does not 100% support for all apps on intel/amd processors as well as this , you would have to write a kernal / kernel object to support the specific hardware of the device . this can be quite difficult if propriety information is unavailable . you would be better to ask at http://forum.xda-developers.com and ask if someone has ported android to your device , or a device you would be wanting to buy .
i am on 2.3.5 in the basic " messages " app you can go to the message , clicknhold , view message details . there it shows all recipients . if i just reply it only goes back to the sender . now , others that i know have iphones replied and it went to everyone . . . there is a " reply all " option after you click and hold .
there are several ways to accomplish this : airplane mode : you say that it does not allow gps , but it does . you need to enable gps when you are in airplane mode . disable radio : in dialer enter *#*#4636#*#* select phone info and pick turn off radio . take out your sim card . this one is only applicable if you have a gsm device . you can enable call forwarding in Phone settings -&gt; Call forwarding . if your only problem is that calls interrupt music than you can try using a music player allows you to set how audio focus changes are handled . one example is poweramp .
turns out the last paragraph added to the book is meant and of course not turning it in the overview . this is the information : this is a digital copy of a book that was preserved for generations on library shelves before it was carefully scanned by google as part of a project to make the world’s books discoverable online . it has survived long enough for the copyright to expire and the book to enter the public domain . a public domain book is one that was never subjectto copyright or whose legal copyright term has expired . whether a book is in the public domain may vary country to country . public domain booksare our gateways to the past , representing a wealth of history , culture and knowledge that’s often difficult to discover . marks , notations and other marginalia present in the original volume will appear in this file - a reminder of this book’s long journey from thepublisher to a library and finally to you . usage guidelines google is proud to partner with libraries to digitize public domain materials and make them widely accessible . public domain books belong to thepublic and we are merely their custodians . nevertheless , this work is expensive , so in order to keep providing this resource , we have taken steps toprevent abuse by commercial parties , including placing technical restrictions on automated querying . we also ask that you : make non-commercial use of the files : we designed google book search for use by individuals , and we request that you use these files forpersonal , non-commercial purposes . refrain from automated querying : do not send automated queries of any sort to google’s system : if you are conducting research on machine translation , optical character recognition or other areas where access to a large amount of text is helpful , please contact us . we encourage theuse of public domain materials for these purposes and may be able to help . maintain attribution : the google “watermark” you see on each file is essential for informing people about this project and helping them findadditional materials through google book search . please do not remove it . keep it legal : whatever your use , remember that you are responsible for ensuring that what you are doing is legal . do not assume that justbecause we believe a book is in the public domain for users in the united states , that the work is also in the public domain for users in other countries . whether a book is still in copyright varies from country to country , and we can’t offer guidance on whether any specific use ofany specific book is allowed . please do not assume that a book’s appearance in google book search means it can be used in any manneranywhere in the world . copyright infringement liability can be quite severe . about google book search google’s mission is to organize the world’s information and to make it universally accessible and useful . google book search helps readersdiscover the world’s books while helping authors and publishers reach new audiences . you can search through the full text of this book on the webat http://books.google.com/
the solution that has worked for me is : upgrade to a nexus s running cyanogenmod 10 .
i think that if you tap on the screen to set a place for the focus , you will gain some seconds for the effective shoot . it is also allow you to focus on a special part of the picture . i hope it is help .
there is no real firewall in android , but this does not mean you are totally unprotected from the outside . ( there are some measurements from the underlying linux kernel . ) every app chooses it is own ports and decides weather the connections are encrypted . android apps usually do not open any ports , hence the there is not that much of a need for a firewall incoming data is often handled and transmitted through google cloud messaging . ( here i do not know how it works and the data is transferred )
this might help : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1138791 you would need to have your phone rooted for this hack . it is for xperia play , but would work on other xperias , as i have done this before on my xperia arc s successfully .
remove and add again your google ( main ) user account . this should do the trick .
here 's what i did . assuming you have set up the sync process : go to firefox on your pc , click Bookmarks in the top right corner choose Unsorted Bookmarks . this opened a new window for me where i could see a section called Mobile bookmarks that i had not seen anywhere else . click and drag this Mobile Bookmarks folder to either Bookmarks Toolbar or Bookmarks Menu , whichever you want it to appear under ( note : the Bookmarks Menu is what we clicked on to start this process , i advise you try both and see which you like best ) . profit . hope this helps !
on my nexus 7 , my downloaded books go in /Android/data/com.safaribooksonline/files/zips . they are stored in xhtml directories which includes various metadata , images and the chapters themselves as xhtml documents . while these look vaguely html like , they certainly can not be rendered in chrome or other web browsers directly , you just end up seeing all of the mark-up as text . i do not know how standard the xhtml format is for e-books , or whether other readers could understand the format safari uses , but hopefully this helps point you in the right direction .
tap the post you want to share open the overflow menu ( three vertical dots ) tap " link " you will receive a message : " post link copied to clipboard . " you can now paste that link to whatever sharing mechanism you had like not the same as using the android share function , but , again , google+ is not alone in doing this . i do not know when this function was added to the g+ app . of course , it only works for public posts .
start off by making sure that you are plugged into a usb 2.0 port . then , put the device in download-mode , $ sudo adb reboot download continue flashing with heimdall , $ sudo heimdall flash --recovery recovery . img that should work ,
the problem fixed itself when i removed all google accounts and added a new device ( a new nexus 7 ! ) to my account .
according to the official knox website , samsung knox is tightly integrated into the operating system . it uses hardware support to verify the bootloader integrity , a custom bootloader to verify the os integrity , and a custom kernel at runtime . it changes the layout of the device 's filesystem to add separate encrypted storage for the business-related files . it also relies on hardware support through arm 's trustzone technology . depending on how much of the hardware support already exists on other samsung devices , it may be possible for samsung to later backport the knox feature for older samsung phones with a device update , but it is certainly not possible for anyone else to do so , not even by installing a custom rom . ( that would not add the bootloader support to ensure the rom is not changed later . )
i have several bluetooth-gps adapters that i use with all of my devices when i need a superb signal because a specialiced receiver is almost always superior to a smartphone 's internal gps ( due to integration constraints ) . gps receiver : my favourite is the bluemax 4043 bluetooth receiver . it has more than one day uptime , it can also log 32mb of gps data and uses a cheap nokia bl-5c battery . linux support ! openstreetmaps wiki has a comprehensive list of good receivers ( search for the bluetooth enabled ones ) . software support : cyanogenmod7+ can connect to gps bluetooth receivers , stock android users may install 3rd party apps like bluetooth gps provider . it is very handy for my nook color tablet that has no gps but bluetooth ( asus transformer prime users also have this kind of problem ) .
it will be stored in the root of your device ( /sdcard ) . if you plug your phone into a computer and access the phone you should see it like this : ( this is on my nexus 7 but it will appear the same )
found out the problem . orange wap was selected instead of orange internet in settings > access point names .
make sure your phone is powering off completely before you try to boot into the bootloader . for a dhd you might need to go into Settings &gt; Applications and uncheck the " fastboot " option in order for it to power down completely ( source ) . if #1 does not help , try turning your phone off , then pulling the battery . after you have pulled the battery and waited a few seconds , hold the volume down button and put the battery back in the phone . then continue to hold volume down while you power up the phone and it should land on the bootloader . if #1 and #2 do not work ( or you are lazy , since i think this is the easiest way ) , plug your phone into a computer that has adb on it . make sure usb debugging is enabled , then simply enter adb reboot bootloader from an adb terminal . this will ( unsurprisingly ) reboot your phone into the bootloader .
yes you can . depending on your bluetooth adapter on your windows computer . connect the two together , find the phone connection and choose " control " . there you can connect to the phone as " music and audio " . of course this can be different on your computer and then i cannot help you .
you can access them through the group " starred in android " in gmail
android syncs to gmail , contacts , and calendar nearly effortlessly . it seems like in your case it is outlook that is the problem child . do you need to sync contacts with outlook too ? if not , a one-time export/import from outlook to gmail should meet your needs . i would say have outlook sync with google and have the phone sync with google . syncing the phone to outlook too will probably duplicate data and/or leave gaps in your data .
strange that clearing the data did not fix it . however , you should be able to click on each of the apps that are pretend-downloading and hit cancel .
the answer to your question most likely relates to this question " how do i change the google play country ? " . it details what you should do but read through the whole thing because the first answer requires you to make a purchase , but the second says how to do it without making a purchase .
if i remember well : in the language and input settings click the settings icon next google keyboard . you can then change the input languages settings and select multiple languages . finally go the advanced settings there should be a way to enable a key that allows you to easily switch your input method when typing ( from memory it was by holding the space bar ) bon courage !
just relocking will not work , you need to restore the ta partition ( which contains drm keys for bravia engine ) that you must have backed up before unlocking your bootloader .
so , i have figured out myself what caused the problem , thanks anyway : i tried uninstalling some apps i installed before and looks like " business calendar free beta " caused this problem . after i removed it , it works just fine and normal . and i did not liked it anyway and i think the standard app is good for me .
home screen shortcut we believe it is an android bug . in fact , as i could confirm on a custom build , adding FLAG_ACTIVITY_SINGLE_TOP fixed the problem for home screen shortcuts , despite its documentation indicating pretty the opposite , as below . we find those docs very poorly written , at least . according to the developer , this fix is going to work as long as main app activity stays on top ( that is , editing a sync job then pressing home button for tapping icon again is not going to work ) . if set , the activity will not be launched if it is already running at the top of the history stack . tasker and autoshortcut for some reason , the above fix does not work in autoshortcut . i do not know how different the intent sent by this plugin is from that of the home screen shortcuts . either way , i have reported the problem to the developer . regardless , i also just have set up a direct intent configuration in tasker , instead of using autoshortcut , as follows : action : com.bv.wifisync.run extra : itemId:&lt;id&gt; ( see below ) package : com.bv.wifisync class : com.bv.wifisync.Hosts target : Activity you have to replace &lt;id&gt; with the actual number of the job you want to run . in my case , 1 points to my computer , meaning it will run all of its jobs . knowing the actual number seems just like counting from top to bottom , but in case this fails , here 's how i have found it ( android sdk and grep required on desktop ) : enable debug mode on the phone . connect phone to computer 's usb . run adb logcat &gt; temp.log . start syncme . cancel the adb command . run grep "Validated job" temp.log , this should show you the ids .
after quite some time a friend of mine goofed around and actually found the fix : cyanogenmod settings > display > automatic blacklight in here enable ' use custom ' and then look at the values in ' edit other levels . . . ' . the levels you want to edit are either the ones under ' buttons ' which are the values for the backlight of the soft keys ( home , menu , back and search ) and the values under ' keyboard ' is for the keyboard backlight . a value of 30 is standard for the ' buttons ' and the values for the ' keyboard ' are only 0 or higher than 0 . ( even though you can choose values between 0 and 255 , it does not seem to matter visibly . )
i do not think that developer released a version of that rom that is compatible with your device so my advice to you would be to go to the optimus 2x forum and find a jelly bean rom there or you can check out this link other roms :
you can uninstall an application from the market or from the manage applications settings screen . from marketplace : start the market app . hit the menu button and select downloads . find the app you want to uninstall and select it . hit the uninstall button at the bottom . from manage applications : from your home screen hit the menu button and select settings . select " applications " select " manage applications " find the app you want to uninstall and select it . hit the uninstall button at the top . edit : i wanted to add a 3rd method that rohan singh had in his answer . from your home screen : tap and hold on the icon of the application you want to uninstall . when the trash can appears near the bottom center of the screen , drag and hold the icon there . after the tap and hold / drag and hold some text will appear indicating that you can uninstall by dropping the application 's icon on the trash can . release your finger over the trash can and you will be taken to the same uninstall screen you can get to through manage applications in your settings .
the kernel is part of the " boot image " , which is stored in a separate partition in the flash memory , not in a normal file . see http://android-dls.com/wiki/index.php?title=howto:_unpack,_edit,_and_re-pack_boot_images
according to the developer , those disabled checkboxes are not implemented . source . you can still proceed with the flash even if F. Reset Time is disabled / unchecked . there should be no problems with it .
the serial interface you see is a qualcomm diag interface . it has nothing to do with adb/fastboot . it can be used to recover the phone though by flashing the proper bootloader . you will need to use qualcomm tools like qpst and find the proper flashing image in qpst format .
long press the home screen , select samsung widgets--> select program monitor
these guys recommend isyncr as a solution . cons : it is not free , and it will not sync copy-protected content .
this is not possible on most devices , since they do not support usb host mode . some devices have usb otg support or a usb host port , but these are relatively rare devices so far . in theory you could write an application on win/linux to access the phone via usb but not the other way around .
go keyboard also has an up button . you will just need to launch the editor .
it looks like what you are describing is actually the proper behavior , though it is not particularly obvious why that is the case . android , by default , scrolls your wallpaper to the left and right when you swipe around your home screen . this means that there is a sort of " virtual " desktop that represents the collection of your home screen pages , and it is ( basically by definition ) larger than the screen 's resolution . the general rule is that the resolution of the virtual desktop will be 2x wider than the screen 's physical resolution , but the height will be the same . therefore , when android is cropping your image for your 1280x800 screen , it is actually attempting to create a wallpaper with an aspect ratio that lines up with your 1280x1600 virtual desktop . thus , if the image you use is 1280x800 ( like your screen ) , it will be cropped and scaled in the process . if you had like to make a wallpaper that fits the sizing of your virtual desktop without any cropping , what is the default resolution of a wallpaper that fits the homescreen exactly in an android phone ? contains some useful links and resources .
it is not detectable , but using tethering on android with an second device leaves a lot of traces : user-agent headers within http that come from non-mobile browser increased traffic consumption connection to services that are not available on android/smartphone devices ( e . g . world of warcraft ) and many more i can not think of atm . but i have never heard of a carrier that goes for a trial , even if it is a violation of services from most carrier contracts . imho mobile carriers have other problems at the moment , like overall increased mobile data traffic because of the smartphone boom . these is currently handled by soft limits of data traffic , that when reached only allow traffic over 2g connections . or , to answer your second question , if you buy a smartphone from some carriers , the build in tethering function is locked and not usable .
yes , you should still be prompted for otas . however , they could remove root . source : my n5 prompted me
you can use the " allshare " apk , which enable you to use dlna phone device ( im considering that your sony bravia supports dlna ) .
final answer ( to wrap up the question ) [ short version ] : battery was utterly dead , when popped open and measured at the tabs , voltage was under the safe minimum . new battery ordered from ebay plugged in , tablet worked ! just had to to escape from a boot cycle of doom , root and install cyanogenmod 9 alpha ( of which there are numerous available tutorials for both of these around the web )
android runs the linux kernel for the core system and it can be ( and is ) optimized for various platforms ( compiled for arm , x86 , x64 , ppc , etc ) . here is a fantastic graphic to demonstrate this for you : source : post on unix . se android relies on linux version 2.6 for core system services such as security , memory management , process management , network stack , and driver model . the kernel also acts as an abstraction layer between the hardware and the rest of the software stack . source : http://developer.android.com/guide/basics/what-is-android.html and my comment on your second sentence is that linux kernel is not meant for only desktop operating systems . its use cases vary from desktop os to servers , mainframes and supercomputers to embedded devices . linux is a widely ported operating system kernel . due to its low cost and ease of customization , the linux kernel is used on a highly diverse range of computer architectures : in the hand-held devices and the mainframe systems , in devices ranging from mobile phones to supercomputers . on the other note : palm ( later acquired by hp ) use linux-derived operating system , webos , which is used into its line of palm pre smartphones . several network firewalls and routers from makers such as cisco/linksys use customized linux kernel . there are tons of devices out there which are using embedded linux .
i have a moto g as well ( small world ) and also had this problem when connecting to my school 's wifi network ( even smaller world ) . it appears like the moto has trouble autodetecting encryption settings on some networks . you can probably get it working by long pressing on the network , selecting modify network , and then changing the ' eap method ' and phase 2 authentication ' options to whatever your network requires them to be . get a friend to open their wifi settings and then copy whatever they have set . a reconnect should grant you access . please let me know if you have any questions or feedback .
easiest way would probably be to use clock work mod or twrp or some other recovery to create a snapshot of his phone as it is now . then you can simply flash back to his phone as it was . this will back up his current rom with all his apps , settings , etc . if you want a clean factory image , then do a factory restore on the phone and then back that up with a recovery . you might want to do both : backup as is now , with apps , settings and all , then factory restore and backup again . this way you can restore either to his phone as it is now , or to clean stock . but that is up to you . a very good tool for managing all this is jrummy 's rom toolbox ( there is a lite version also , not sure what is left out in the lite version ) .
as mentioned on it is wikipedia page , android 's core is developed in c and c++ , and java is used for the ui . you can see this for yourself if you browse the android source code . for example , omapzoom . org provides the source for browsing without the need to downloads gigabytes of data .
unfortunately there is no way to make text left-aligned with ankidroid . see the issue in our bug tracker , feel free to " star " it to receive notifications about its progress .
i believe this depends on your provider . for example : verizon 's cdma network does not allow you to do data + call ; however at and t 's gsm network will . and as eldarerathis points out : another potentially important distinction is that phones on cdma carriers with other networking capabilities ( wimax and lte ) will support simultaneous voice and data since they are essentially operating on two separate chips , so this can also be dependent on your device . so this ends up being device , and carrier dependent .
i do not think it makes a difference which android version you use : the support for 4g is provided by the cell radio drivers , added to the system by the manufacturer . the samsung galaxy s advance does not have the hardware needed to use 4g networks , so upgrading the os will not add this support , and there is no way a third-party app can do that either . if you want a phone with 4g , you just have to buy a phone with 4g .
rooted or not : logging in via adb shell first brings you to a user-prompt only ( connected with the " shell " account ) . in order to work with root , you need to " escalate " your permissions by invoking su: &gt; adb shell shell@mako:/ $ su #  apart from that , there are a few root checker apps available as well . . .
i doubt very much that your battery is actually gaining energy , what with the conservation of energy and all that . instead i imagine that the meter is fairly inaccurate , and is inaccurate in a different way just after you turn on the phone , than when the phone has been running a while .
you can try handbrake - a multiplatform open-source video transcoder . it has quite user-friendly graphical interface , and supports different device profiles ( you can roll your own as well ) . as to what settings to use on your xoom : here someone managed to find the correct settings to make their xoom play the transcoded video . some extra googling would probably give you additional information how to set the device profile in handbrake -- seems a lot of people are trying to transcode video on this tablet .
if you can access an adb shell , you can flash a recovery . if you open the recovery zip up and go to meta-inf/com/google/android/ you will find 2 files , you want " updater-script " . open this up with a text editor , and look for something that says dd followed by recovery . img . in that line near the end there should be something like " of=/dev/block/mtdblocknumbersnstuff " copy that line . from here on i will refer to that as " of=x " now go back to the zip folder and extract recovery . img to somewhere convienient . connect your phone to the computer and boot into recovery , then run adb push /path/to/recovery.img /data/recovery.img adb shell #cd data #ls  here it can output a bunch of stuff or nothing , but you are looking for " recovery . img " if you see it , good job , continue . if not , start over from the " adb push " command . dd if=recovery.img of=x  from there reboot back into recovery and you should see the recovery you just flashed .
an antivirus app will have a major effect on your battery life . a friend with an htc desire could not understand why he could never get more than 4 or 5 hours out of his battery , even turning most things off , until he remembered installing one of the av apps to try it out . removing that brought his battery life back up to what it should be . when the first android troojan virus hit back in august last year , similarly to the recent geinimi trojan , in both cases the affected user had to willingly install an app that was from a third-party source , and go through the permissions screen where the app specifically asks for permissions that it should not really need . an attentive and careful user can protect themselves from these kind of threats just by taking care to only install apps from trusted sources , and to read which permissions an app asks for as it installs , and stop to think whether it really needs to do things like read your contacts and send smss . the real problem will come when a virus learns to either break out of its app 's sandbox and into another , or learns how to give itself root access , or take advantage of the root access that someone else has installed . this is what the iphone worm of about a year ago did , when it took advantage of the fact that the most popular iphone jailbreak app left all jailbroken phones with the same root password by default , and most users never bothered changing the password . no android virus has yet been shown to be able to do that .
if you have android 2.2 , the functionality is built in so there usually is no need to install a separate app . just go to : settings > wireless and networks > tethering and portable hotspot . however , depending on your phone , it is possible that your carrier has locked down this functionality . if this is the case , you can either root your phone and install a clean android 2.2 such as cyanogenmod , or you can call your carrier and pay their fee to enable it .
no . you must root your phone and install a mod such as cyanogenmod to get your phone running a semi-equivalent of android 2.1+ . there is no stock rom for android 2.1+ for the g1 . additionally , if you do go with cyanogenmod , not all features are fully supported due to hardware limitations , such as livewallpapers .
red when plugged in - charging green when plugged in - charging complete . red when not plugged in - low battery warning blue - audio is recording or you have a notification waiting .
not sure if this question can be answered any more , because i have had the english uk male voice back for a while now . turns out it was google changing things - not me . just one day it reverted back to the male voice . thanks to the guys who answered though ! : )
you could use some automation app to do this , having two steps in its task : switch to airplane mode , and then enable wifi . tasker is one app that can handle this , but i am pretty sure some of the free profile-switchers are also capable of this . with tasker you could place this with a profile executing as soon as tasker is started -- other apps might provide " default/base profiles " for this ( like locale does ) , or you might have to add it to each profile you create to make sure it always works . depending on your device , you could also use dazzle configurable switcher ( which comes free ) . as the name suggests , it offers a bar with " toggle switches " which you can configure freely . one of the toggles is for the ( cell ) radio . but not all devices support this : it worked fine on my htc wildfire , but my motorola milestone 2 will not let me switch that separately . here the state should be remembered even after reboot -- but again that might depend on the device .
it all depends on your usage . android system includes sync , so if you are not using your phone a lot then i would assume sync and standby would use the most battery -- so your details make sense . edit : as per the comments , i think the battery usage is being recorded wrong .
after some research i found some app on market that sets this global setting ( ' stayawake ' ) . missing setting looks like samsung or tmo customization . i am running official tmo 2.2 update ( t959uvka6 ) installed via minikies
you can attach files with the gmail app . just click attach image , select astro to browse and select the pdf you wish to attach
no . built-in drivers are not modules , they are built-in ( hence the name ) . if it is not showing in lsmod , you can not get rid of it short of building a new kernel .
you just need to add the --user 0 option to your am command .
no , you cannot change the resolution of android in vnc in a standard way . however , some android phones have additional functions to support hdmi ( which results in running android at a higher resolution ) . if you can somehow tap into that functionality in conjunction with vnc , then you might be able to get a 480p , 720p , and 1080p option . but this is something that would be highly customized to a single phone as all of the different hdmi implementations seem to vary tremendously . one other option that would be yet another one-off possibility ( with some custom work ) would be if your phone supports webtop functionality . if so , perhaps you could tap into this . however , there is no third-party app that does what you are wanting . to do this , you will have to develop or find somebody to develop this highly-customized solution . as other have suggested , you are probably not going to get much better than changing the lcd density , which clearly is not what you are after .
it took a lot of effort but i actually found a working solution to my problem . i first updated my phone to latest available android version 2.3.6 and that did not solve my problem . so i installed an app that shows me more details about the network setup of my phone . and after some digging around i noticed what was wrong : my phone did not have a default ipv4 route . how did that happen ? in the dhcp i push a default route ( dhcp option 3 ) ! i realized that when i just had the ipv6 link ( which is part of a whole new internet connection ) my phone did connect to the internet with both ipv4 and ipv6 . so i recreated the original setup and found that in that scenario indeed it does work . so what is different ? it took me two nights with wireshark to track the culprit down . the real reason turns out to be that i have a static route for my dmz which is pushed by my ipv4 dhcp server ( dhcp option 121 ) . when i do that the android phone only shows a route for the local subnet and the additional route i pushed . the default route is lost , hence ipv4 traffic is distorted . apparently android even no longer tries to do ipv4 dns requests ( which is the problem i started with ) . all of my other systems ( windows {xp , 7} , linux , android 3 . x ) do not do this and they keep all of the pushed routes and the default route . once i figured out what the problem was i could google more effectively and i found this bug report : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=17525 which in turn led to a workaround that actually works ! ! quote from http://forum.xda-developers.com/archive/index.php/t-635489.html so when looking at the dhcp ack packet you will see the default route in there twice : under option 3 and 121 . quite an unexpected workaround . . . but it works for me . it turns out the android behaviour is correct : http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3442#page-5 "If the DHCP server returns both a Classless Static Routes option and a Router option, the DHCP client MUST ignore the Router option." 
please clarify what is the intended goal and why ? android phones have their own boot-loaders and cannot be overridden by other means . it is not like a pc 's bios where you can switch the ordering of boot to boot from certain devices such as network pxe , usb , primary/secondary h.d.d. . . edit : after the comments below , and in relation to the op 's question is there any way to boot an android phone ( e . g . one with usb otg functionality . ) via way of a bus-powered usb drive the generic boot-loader ( *which resides on the chip-set ) has no knowledge of usb etc , as the lk ( little kernel ) is more concerned about trapping keystrokes in order to chain-load into recovery or to boot directly into android environment ( when holding vol+down key in this instance ) - in pseudo-code ( this is from the context/aspect of lk , and also , the memory addresses pertaining to how to read the partitions are hard-coded into this lk so it will know how to process the logic ! ) the lk kernel is the de-facto standard by qualcomm for msm chipsets ( snapdragon ) and adopted by manufacturers such as sony , motorola , lg , samsung and can be found in the aosp source under bootable/bootloader . if ( is volume down key pressed ? ) then chain-load kernel from /recovery partition into particular address in memory and jump to it and start execution , in bringing up the recovery environment else chain-load kernel from /system partition into particular address in memory and jump to it and start execution in bringing up the android environment . end if . as the kernel within lk is pretty limited , considering that the binary image of the kernel is burned into the chip and therefore no way of modifying it . and also should be mentioned that lk contains the fastboot protocol in preparation for flashing /boot , /recovery , /system and /data partitions . there are two sequences to boot , primary boot and secondary boot as it is : primary boot -> lk ( depending on outcome of logic ) go into secondary boot -> /boot or /recovery side note : samsung is fond of the pbl/sbl ( which is primary boot loader and secondary boot loader respectively ) in their jargon when it comes to modding . thing about samsung , is that , in some handsets , pbl and sbl may be encrypted ( samsung wave gt-s8500 is one such example , where porting android to it was nearly impossible to do because of the drm within the boot loaders which was a nightmare to deal with and made modding it extremely difficult , nonetheless , it is sort of working via an exploit in the fota code ! ) this is why there are no extra facilities such as otg functionality or anything else such as serial communications , reading from sdcard , graphics etc as it would make the lk kernel bigger than is intended . in other words , it is the smallest possible size of kernel that is designated to do just the above pseudo-code happen . also , another way of looking at it is this , and this is dependent on the android version - the usb otg functionality is fully brought up within the android environment , i.e. when the familiar home screen appears , then otg 's functionality is enabled . unfortunately not the case when looking at it from lk 's perspective . if you are curious , here 's the qualcomm entry on the above lk which is a part of the tiny c source that has arm assembly included and found in jellybean 's aosp source in bootable/bootloader/legacy/usbloader/main.c
apparently , this might not be a built-in security option in the os itself , but exchange activesync can enforce this requirement .
a search of the play store for the phrase " game services " finds about 20 games at the moment . additionally this google docs spreadsheet lists many games with game services integration : https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/lv?key=0aitefls7rhjydfzgufq5mfliu2iznfpmqtazc0jhmk
the system app , performancemanager . apk has the line hello world , pmeasyview ! in the resources . arsc file . this does not appear to be malware , just a mistake that this appears to some users with the motorola task / performance manager .
this is because the device location is detected from the sim card in use . i am not sure how the web market location is detected . perhaps look at using a proxy . but if you wish your change your sim location check this out : https://market.android.com/details?id=ch.racic.android.marketenabler
you can use an alternative sms app , e.g. handcent . i think the spell checking feature is probably htc specific ( afaik , htc has their own sms app ) .
now i have installed cyanogenmod 9 and this does not happen anymore . i do not think , this problem can be solved via settings of samsungs android version
when i first rooted my droid ( with easyroot ) , i remained on the stock rom until i got annoyed by the ota update message ( and ended up switching to cm6 ) . however , i was able to use wireless tether without doing anything else . no new kernel , no mods , nada . just root on vanilla android . if you have already updated to the latest version of android via ota , then i am pretty certain you had have to downgrade your phone to get root to work unless there is a new method to get root now . i know for a fact that easyroot no longer works with the ota update .
the availability option has been deprecated in hangout . to make yourself invisible or so , either you have to downgrade to gtalk or the easiest way you can do this by going to your gmail account from your pc . there you should find this availability option .
when connecting to a mac , it is no longer a direct option , but there is an easy workaround . from the mac , download , install and start this app : http://www.android.com/filetransfer/ the mac app will prompt you to connect your android . plug the android into a usb port . on the android , select “media sync” mode . on the mac , the file transfer app will show a window with file/folder selections . on the mac , open a finder window , then drag and drop files back and forth between finder and the android file transfer app . unlike the old “disk drive” option , the android file transfer app does not provide access via a mounted volume .
to start with , i do not think it is possible to somehow change chip on a phone . it would stop working because of incompatible drivers . price of the imported phone can be lower , for example nexus devices are 1/2 more expensive in my country than in the us and it could be used too . anyways you should check , if it'll work on your carrier if it is imported . finally , there are many benchmarks to choose from . i suggest using antutu . it is been here a long time and is still one of the best . it really tests your device , cause i have used it on different roms on one device and i had different results .
i think this is an unresolvable issue but you can find more info at the link below stackexchange-url
this solution does not require any app : upload pictures by email to flickr . as a one-time setup , find your private flickr email address and i recommend you add it as a contact in gmail . then , from the gallery , share by email , and send it to your flickr email , optionally typing a description in the email subject . setup an ifttt rule to upload to facebook pictures you send to flickr . to make it simpler , you can reuse this recipe . benefits : you are not relying on any third-party app , and can use the standard android tools . you can queue images for upload ( sorting , entering descriptions , deleting locally ) , even if you are offline , say abroad with no wifi or data connectivity . the pictures will be queued in your email outbox and will be sent when you are back on the grid .
i have also seen the 3 scrolling types you mention below , but it always seemed to me that the 3rd one was more a bug than a feature . the htc desire ( which i have too ) is not known to have a great digitizer , the part of the screen that handles the finger positions and movements . furthermore , it is not " multitouch " , meaning it cannot handle properly more than 1 finger on the screen , although there are tries to support it but i have never seen it work constantly good . see this page for more proof . it is true that it would be a nice feature , maybe on other phones with a better touchscreen and a further version of android with more gestures supported . why not for example scrolling down with 2 fingers would trigger a super-fast scroll or a " go to bottom " action ?
you can check with the corresponding wiki page at the cyanogenmod website to find the correct version of the gapps zip file . once downloaded , place it into the root of your sdcard , then reboot your device into ( custom ) recovery . from there , chose " install zip from sdcard " , and select the file you have just downloaded . that should install gapps on your device .
you can not mark mails as not spam . instead you have to label it inbox . to do this on the bottom action bar , hit labels and tick inbox . it seems that this is equivalent as all future emails go straight to the inbox .
the google experience launcher is actually built into the google search app along with google now . this is why it can listen for ' okay google ' and have google now accessible via the left swipe . ars technica has a good article which goes into more details on this . there are some launchers that support gestures , which might be similar to the left swipe to access the google now page ( although they will only be able to launch google now in the same way an upward swipe does ) . i do not think there are any that support saying ' okay google ' from the homescreen though .
your best bet would probably be using a dlna server app ( this one , for example , though there are lots of others ) on one device and an appropriate player ( example ) on the other devices . not sure if it would work over a hotspot tether though , but there are free apps available for both ends , so it can not really hurt to try . edit : oh , misunderstood the question . that is about as easy . there are several apps on the store for running a camera server , like this one , for example . you then can use any compatible player to connect and view the camera feed
i am not sure what version of gmail you have , but the version i have ( along with android 4.1.2 ) allows me to " show pictures " in the message , then i have the option to " always show pictures from this sender " . the option in the settings is to " remove " the always show that you have set for any sender in the past . the only way to always show images is by first showing them for a sender , then select the always show . and afaik , this can only be done per sender .
long-tapping on the home screen is how widgets used to be added in earlier android versions , up to about 2.1 . some devices ( such as samsung ones ) still offer the old way on the manufacturer 's stock home screen : adding widgets is a feature offered by the launcher , so some third-party launchers may have yet different ways . on the stock android launcher , go to the app drawer ( the list of all apps ) , and click widgets at the top . find the one you want ( there are several pages ) , and long-tap it to pick it up , then drag and drop to the space you want on the home screen . you can drag to the left or right edge to change home screens . once you have dropped it , you can drag the blue highlight to resize the widget ( if it is resizable ) .
try Wiredog . it is new and you can find it on reddit in the top apps category .
use titanium backup , it'll fit your needs .
to my knowledge , twrp does a nandroid backup . as you can read in the tag wikis of the mentioned tags ( nandroid , backup ) , a nandroid backup takes images of your partitions . it is not a backup on the file level , but on partition level . so it includes everything stored on those partitions . doing a full nandroid backup of your system thus includes the entire system , one file per partition . there are only very few things not contained , such as the radio-firmware . so to put it as a short direct answer to your question : yes , a full nandroid backup would include all your apps , app data , messages , contacts . though it might be complicated to extract them separately ( nandroid can not do that , it is always an " all-or-nothing " . but e.g. titanium backup can read data from nandroid backups . just in case you will need that : )
i can think of two reasons why a cm rom might reduce battery life : cpu governor : the cpu governor controls the frequency of the cpu depending on the requirement . your rom might be using a governor that favours performance over battery life . selecting a governor that achieves a good balance between performance and battery life might help you . you can learn more about cpu governors here battery calibration : the battery status is stored in a file called batterystats . bin . its possible that your phone is using the same batterystats . bin that came with the rom . you can use an application like battery calibration to regenerate this file with new/accurate stats . ( a myth according to this )
there is nothing available . while it is theoretically possible with the hardware , in practice it would be very difficult to implement and would probably need a custom rom that supported it . even the tools for doing this on a desktop ( aircrack , etc . ) generally require specific wireless chipsets and drivers to do wireless packet capture . edit : there is now a project that got monitor mode working on the galaxy s2 and the google nexus one . see http://bcmon.blogspot.de/
seems like " droid vnc server " doing the job .
finally tracked down something official : https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=48164
it is not a usb mic , but i have found a solution for external mic via 3.5 mm jack . look at my answer on this question : how do i use an external microphone with my galaxy nexus ?
try clearing the data and cache for the app ( Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage apllications ) and then syncing . hopefully it will work after that .
purchase a mouse which supports multitouch gestures ( using which you zoom in or out ) . e.g. padkite if you do not want to purchase anything , just go to dolphin 's Settings , tap Lab and turn on pinch-Zoom Button . then , you will find +/- clickable buttons to zoom in or out .
you might want to try moving apps installed in internal memory to sd card by long pressing on the desired app from the app drawer and dragging it up to the app info panel , scroll down and there you may find the " move to sd card " option . however afaik you cannot move apps to sd on the s3 unless rooted . you got to manage your files and apps using the 11 gb available or else root your device .
what makes this easy is using tab-completion to complete the device id . type adb -s D0  and press tab . the plugin in your shell will run adb devices to find the full device id and complete it on the command line for you . you can then type in the rest of the command . adb is a tool for developers , and even developers do not usually run it by hand from the command-line : both the main android development environments ( eclipse-based and intellij idea-based ) have gui wrappers . there is not really a need for it to be any more user-friendly than it is .
the answer is "android.clients.google.com" with port 5228 ( tcp ) .
ok , there has to be at least one other contact , then there are these " three dots " .
you can find out by issuing the command mount at a terminal prompt ( either via adb shell of using any terminal app ) . as i have no access to your sdcard , i cannot answer the question for sure ( i could only tell you about mine , where the relevant parameters are set as codepage=cp437,iocharset=iso8859-1,shortname=mixed,utf8 . so it is " latin-1" ( iso-8859-1 ) , which seems quite logical with a fat file system , and probably is also used in your case . full list of options :
search for profile in google play . you had find apps like : myprofiles quick profiles etc those are not my recommendations . it is up to you to see which one works best for you .
if it starts to boot ( goes to the boot logo/animation ) or recovery/download mode at least tries to load , then the motherboard is not damaged . your device is soft-bricked , and just needs to have a compatible rom flashed , and your userdata erased for your device to be fully functional again . the person is the service centre does not know what hey is talking about ( i would not trust those people - they just want your money ) .
ok , when in bootloader - the binary app on windows/linux etc , fastboot should detect it fastboot devices , but in recovery , presumably that is a stock recovery for said devices , i.e. not cwm , twrp etc . so no adb running in the stock recovery , which is further implying , that boot loader is locked ! had it being unlocked , it would make things easier ! however , as am not familiar with the device , it might be worth your while to read this thread , ( but do not act on it either as by the sound of it , you are not fully certain yet ) . other than that , will leave it at that and wait until someone who is in the know with said device will respond . my answer is more generic .
with as advanced of a phone as the s3 is , you should not be experiencing much , if any , lag at all . chances are , it is something you have or have not done to the phone . 1 . try restarting it . often times , ram will remain in use even when applications are no longer being used . restarting it will bring your phone back to where it is not using ram from all the apps you have been using since the last time you restarted it . 2 . you said that you clear your cache . . . i am assuming you mean ram cache , versus data cache . android 's way of memory ( ram ) cache " clearing " is not always ( or even often ) entirely effective . an app i have fell in love with for cleaning out ram ( as well as it is anti-virus abilities ) is 360 mobile security - antivirus , which you can download from the app store . it'll force out memory in ways many apps do not , and also gives you the benefit of having an anti-virus program built in . root gives more functionality to it , but you said you do not use root , but i thought i would throw that out there for anyone reading this that might have root . 3 . update your android system . 4.1.2 is not known for it is " buttery smooth interface and performance " . settings --> about phone --> update ( may be in status tab ) will likely be able to update android 's platform for you . if not , outside of rooting and changing your rom , guess you will be stuck with 4.1.2 unless your carrier provides an update service for you . 4 . check your settings . there is things in the developer 's options menu that'll effect transition speed , which can give appearances like lag . developers options --> window/transition animation scale is the place you want to check . x1 seems to be a standard setting , but the lower you go , the faster the system will react visually , and ( when available ) , i set mine to x . 25 , but that is not always an option ( in roms ) , where-as x . 5 usually is available . use x . 5 if x . 25 isnt available . there is a couple other things in developer 's options that could help you out too , take a look around . 5 . keep on researching the issue if this does not help . the answers are out there .
the pdanet adb driver ( http://pdanet.co/a/ ) worked .
unrevoked needs 32bit . that is all . i ran it on a 32 bit live cd .
you do not need any special software . on recent linux distributions such as ubuntu 13.04 , all the right drivers for mtp are installed by default . when you plug your phone in , you get a file manager window that shows the contents of your phone . the phone appears as a normal directory , so you can drag-n-drop files , use rsync to sync files , or anything else you normally do to move or manage files . some apps , such as shotwell ( for photos ) and clementine ( for music ) also detect that your phone acts as a media player , and offer specific functionality for syncing a music collection , transferring and processing photos , in a high-level interface that works on playlists and albums instead of just files . you do not need to use this kind of software , but it is there if you prefer not to worry about exactly where each file is stored . on older ubuntu versions and some other distributions , you might need to install one or more mtp-related packages through the package manager to make this work . you still do not need any hardware-specific software , and the forum or manual for your distribution will explain exactly what setup is needed .
the hboot flash region is protected from accidental/unwanted/etc writes . you need an exploit most probably . i found this thread : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1486201
as it turns out , the problem was caused by deleting wpa_supplicant . wikipedia can offer a little insight on what that means : in addition to being a full-featured wpa2 supplicant , it also implements wpa and older wireless lan security protocols . it further is responsible for the job to review a list of currently visible networks , select one of them , provide any additional security information needed to authenticate with the network ( e . g . a passphrase or username and password ) and add it to the preference list to enable automatic reconnection in the future . as it is said : curiosity killed the cat -- and deleting wpa_supplicant makes it quite impossible to use wifi . there are three corresponding files on android : /system/bin/wpa_supplicant is a binary ( i.e. . the program itself ) /system/etc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf is the default configuration ( as the path correctly suggests , in the read-only /system area ) , which also includes device-specific settings , plus some " inline documentation " in form of comments /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf is located in the writable part . it repeats some of the contents from the system file ( most likely copied from there on initialization -- as /data gets completely wiped on a factory reset , those things must come from somewhere ) , but skips the comments . furthermore , this file memorizes those networks you have connected to , including ssid , encryption used , and the passwords , all in plain text [ sic ! ] -- that is where those " wifi password recovery " apps get their information from so if the latter config was deleted , it simply would be re-created after a boot . of course , all your saved networks would be lost -- but that is a minor issue compared to the others : if the system-config file gets lost , the binary does not now where to look for the interface , as that is configured here ( e . g . ctrl_interface=tiwlan0 ) . this would also explain the missing mac address : no known device , no known mac address . still , recovery from that should not be too hard : there are not too many different interface names , and other settings ( like the chipset used ) can be taken from specifications -- so root provided ( which is the case , or you could not have deleted it ) , you could re-create a matching file with a little try-and-err . if the binary was removed , options are narrow without a backup . having a similar device available running the very same rom , you could extract the binary from there ( the config as well , or course ) . if you have at least an image available for your current rom , you could extract it from there as well . if all above fails : yes , flashing a rom would solve the issue as well -- as this rom should contain the necessary files . it is quite unlikely you damaged your hardware that way .
you can download applications over a wifi connection without any phone plan . for example , i recently removed an htc hero from my phone plan and was able to download applications to the phone over wifi with no problem . . . . even though i could not make calls . since android is not limited to phones or devices with wireless data plans , requiring a phone plan would not be possible for all android devices . additionally , with competion in the works like amazon 's upcoming android applications market , there will be too much disincentive for google to require a monthly fee for market access .
open the stock people app ( i.e. . navigate to your contact list ) > select the contact > select edit contact > select the camera icon in the top left corner . your options are gallery ( find an image already on your phone ) or camera ( take a picture of the contact ) . hope it helps !
kineto is the company that makes the wifi calling software that is present on some tmobile phones such as the g2 . unfortunately this software is poorly written . to make matters worse it is only possible to stop or remove the software if you root your phone . ( more accurately it is not your phone - it is tmobile 's phone to do with as they please . ) coincidentally i contacted kineto support yesterday to complain . if more people do that maybe it will get fixed . it constantly spews out log messages at the error level every second or so , despite the messages not being errors you cannot stop the software ( needs root ) and the constant logging still happens even if you disable wifi calling sometimes the software gets confused and you have to reboot the phone to get it working again they have not structured it like most android apps separating the user interface from the service it looks to me like they had an existing codebase that they ported to android hence its poor structure and operation .
got to the bottom of this . if your data connection is not on when someone sends you an mms , the download has a tendency to hang . if you shut off the connection to save battery or have any app that does this ( like juice defender ) , this will happen to you a lot . go into the mms app 's settings and turn off the " auto retrieve " option for mms and you should be right as rain .
you need to get a stock rom of the same android version . in this case 4.2 jellybean , since its the base of cyanogenmod 10.1 . once you get the stock rom , you can open it with any zip viewer and get the apps you want from /system/app , then you just connect the phone via usb and adb push the apps to /system/app in the phone . be sure to wipe cache/dalvik and reboot to apply the changes . another easier way is if you have a nandroid of your last stock rom ( and its jb also ) . you can open the nandroid with winrar and get the needed apps from /system/app without searching for the stock rom .
yes , to an extent . i know there are apps that will create an ssh terminal . most likely there are other apps that can process other types of protocols . there are only few tablets that compatible with ubuntu ( at least work well with ) . the nexus 7 and/or 10 being a prime example . from what i hear , it works very well and is almost no different from the desktop version . in my opinion , from what you are looking for , i would get a nexus 7/10 and try out android os , and if it can not do everything you want it to , then install ubuntu .
there is an app called altitude that does allow you to configure those settings per installation ( = per device in your case ) . edit : purpose of the app - updating your latitude status/location base on more fine grained settings ( update interval , location source ) . altitude on android market xda thread i would recommend to configure latitude to " manual location " and altitude to automatic update , but first read through the thread to check if this tool does the trick for you .
this sounds to me like a similar problem i have had with duplicating images in the gallery . i fixed this by clearing the gallery data , and allowing it to rebuild next time the media scanner ran . i would suggest trying the same technique . i would imagine that whereas i deleted the data from the gallery app , you should try clearing data from the stock android music player , or failing that from poweramp . settings-applications-manage applications-all-gallery-clear data ( confirm ) . this does not delete your media itself , just the database that details where the media is . the media scanner will rebuild this database automatically next time it scans . it would be prudent to backup your phone contents before you try this .
i find moving the cursor to a particular place in some text far more accurate using the trackball than trying to select it by prodding the touchscreen . i would say that there might not be a specific use case which can not be accomplished using only the touchscreen but that there are certainly tasks for which using the trackball is easier . it is all probably quite subjective though , and depends on user preference .
i do not know that lg makes the lock screen configurable like that , but you could always try a lock screen replacement . something like widgetlocker or lockbot might do the trick for you . lockbot has a free version , so i would start with that and see if it does what you want .
according to this thread , you need to use software like pdanet to get it to work .
it seems there is a further update to the xperia mini pro , probably 9.1 is way to go , might fix up that known issue . check on the cyanogenmod page for xperia mini pro .
try this friendcaster for facebook app . this has a feature to upload multiple pictures from gallery .
version 1.0.2 is out , and appears that it is going to fix your issue . from the release notes : what is in this version : spiffy new profile icon on the menu screen handle multiple gmail accounts on first sign in minor ui polish ( emphasis mine ) unfortunately , i do not have my own invitation to google+ , so i am not able to test this .
enter the main device settings , and from the my device page , choose lock screen . click on the screen lock item to see the list of screen lock methods , and change it to whichever type you like ( perhaps swipe or none ) . you will have to enter the existing password ( or pin ) to make the change . if you are using your phone to connect to a corporate exchange server , or similar , then a security policy on the device might force you to have a password ( or possibly a pin , depending on the policy ) . in that case , you will have to speak to your network administrator to get the policy removed before you can remove the password .
titanium stores the . apk 's in /sdcard/TitaniumBackup/ and the data in the same folder in zip files . you can click the . apk to install it when viewing in a file manager . to restore the data , you can extract the zip file on a pc and copy the contents of the data folder ( another folder named something like com.domain.appname ) to /data/data/ on the device using adb : adb push com.domain.appname /data/data/
it looks like there are no android 4.4 images ready yet for this . in the download area of the android x86 project you can find a couple of images and more , starting with android 1.6 ( donut ) and currently reaching up to android 4.3 ( jelly bean ) , and also other useful resources . might be worth checking there again later , as i would expect they add 4.4 as soon as they have an image ready for that . i am not sure whether the genymotion project ( the " next generation " of androidvm ) offers some image downloads as well , as checking would require one to sign-up first . genymotion is another vm solution , which afaik works together with virtualbox . it should be quite fast and stable , is based on android x86 , and available for macos , linux , and windows alike .
the facebook for android does not currently support groups and pages . try accessing these features via http://m.facebook.com or http://touch.facebook.com
clockworkmod tether does usb tethering without root and bluetooth tethering is planned ( it is still in alpha ) . unfortunately , from what i understand only windows , linux and mac os will be supported , but who knows what will happen in the future ( maybe wi-fi support ) . koush 's apps are great .
your native camera app does not support picture effects as the sony devices with jb update . so you have to go for a third party camera app . there are several good apps out there . fisheye camera photo effects pudding camera fxcamera
you can use any launcher ( eg . nova launcher ) . when you add the shortcut to the home screen , press and hold on the shortcut icon , tap Edit . after this , it will open a dialog box to edit the caption along with the icon . tap on the icon and select the required one from your phone .
i am assuming you mean microsd , not sd . sounds like the card is broken . you could try formatting it as ext3 or fat and see if either work . also , see if it works on a pc ( you can get a microsd/usb adapter for next to nothing ) .
found the combination to enter the recovery mode . holding the power button and volume up - after 10 seconds the tablet shuts down , after 5 more seconds shows " service menu " . first for half a second there appears a standing android with spinning blue thing in front of him , and after half a second there appears a lying android with open bonnet and a red exclamation mark ( error ) and nothing else on the screen . then you have to hold the power again and press the volume up - the menu appears . cleared the cache and device started normally . that is pretty weird , as i have re-installed the whole system and cleaned the cache with fastloader . but it works now : )
i am guessing there is not a field for birthday in the android contacts app , and when you edit it is replacing the old info with the info on your phone ( which has no birthday due to no field for it ) . here 's the process for reporting bugs at android.com: http://source.android.com/source/report-bugs.html
osmand is an offline navigation app and should support geo intents since 2011 . it has a fully functional free version and a reasonably priced paid version in the play store . it is foss also , so you could ask for the functionality to be improved or you could send a patch yourself if needed . there is also nightly builds available on the project 's site .
if you root your device using one of the more modern methods , then you should have a superuser . apk installed that will prompt you before any apps are given root access . the superuser application also keeps track of the applications that have been given root access . if you do not know about rooting , there is no way you have an apps that uses root except if your phone is a second hand , and the previous owner did not wipe and reinstall a stock firmware .
you can see the permissions of installed apps . go to Market -&gt; Menu button, My apps -&gt; select an app -&gt; Menu button, Security  there are also apps called permissions watchdog , and permissions , as per al 's comment .
samsung have a dock for the galaxy tab which connects it to a pretty much full-size keyboard , and props the screen in a position where it is like a laptop 's screen . there are also a number of android devices that have a video or hdmi out capability to output their screen onto a tv , often needing a special converter cable . bluetooth is an option for connecting keyboards , keypro ( appbrain link ) ( official website ) andteksoft blueinput ( appbrain link ) ( official website ) load drivers onto your phone to let you use bluetooth hid to connect up many bluetooth keyboards ( trial versions are free to test your device 's compatibility , but it looks like if you want to carry on using it you will have to pay to register to make it work fully ) . there are other options for loading bluetooth hid ( keyboard ) drivers onto your phone if you root it . also , see these previous questions regarding connecting peripherals , such as keyboards and mice , to android devices using bluetooth . bluetooth keyboard with android ? what else can bluetooth do ? external hardware keyboards from android honeycomb ( android 3.1 ) upwards certain devices , that have usb host support built into their hardware , can attach and use normal usb keyboards and mice ( with the appropriate usb host micro-usb to usb converter cable ) . i have occasionally plugged in used a keyboard this way on my motorola xoom .
setup the phone as a modem . still most android phones can be setup as a wifi hotspot . following urls may help you http://benchmarkreviews.com/index.php?option=com_contenttask=viewid=658itemid=38 http://blogs.computerworld.com/smartphones/20726/android-wifi-hotspot
the exact location of the contacts database might depend on your manufacturer 's " customization " . while " plain vanilla android " has them in /data/data/android.providers.contacts/databases , the stock rom on my motorola milestone 2 e.g. uses /data/data/com.motorola.blur.providers.contacts/databases/contacts2.db instead . a raw mask to check for is /data/data/*.providers.contacts/databases/*.db . the file is in sqlite3 format , and can be browsed on your pc with e.g. sqliteman , which is available for linux , mac , and windows alike . with this application you can browse the database in a graphical mode . of course you also can use the command line sqlite3 client if you prefer . crucial point to directly access this database is that your device must be rooted -- a precondition you already meet , as your question states . so you can either use a file manager to navigate to the database file , and copy it to your computer for investigation -- or directly pull it to your computer via adb pull . a third option would be to investigate it directly on your device , e.g. using the sqlite manager or asqlitemanager app .
the radio firmware controls basic low-level functions like network connectivity , wi-fi , and gps . for several years , though , " radio " means " baseband " , and controls network connectivity aspects only , while wifi and gps are governed by os drivers , like any other devices . usually upgrading your radio will not give you any new features but will fix connectivity issues , increase range or performance , decrease battery usage , or the like . some rom 's require you to have the latest radio versions to work . while a botched radio upgrade can brick your phone , the process is basically the same as upgrading your rom . just make sure not to unplug or power down your phone in the middle , make sure you trust the person who released the radio firmware , and try to read some comments or reviews .
in case you cannot find a device-specific driver , it is worth trying the universal adb driver . it should work with most devices , so i would even say this is the first one to try -- especially when having multiple devices , as this gets you rid of the need for multiple drivers .
you might want to take a look at locus maps : it not only can import kmz files ( i guess the ones you mean keep to the keyhole standard , so they should work ) . you can even have media ( pictures ) embedded within , and use them in offline mode . maps also can be downloaded right from within the app , so you can be prepared for your off-road trip . it also supports a bunch of different map formats ( including vector maps ) , so i would wonder if you were unable to get your mentioned material loaded with locus . besides : excellent support , active forum , and much more . . . definitely worth a look . and no , i am not the developer placing my ad here : )
there are some flashable . zip versions floating around , but people seem to have mixed success with them . generally speaking , installing the . apk in a traditional manner will cause fc issues . there is a couple of thread s over on the cm forums with links to zips you can try . here 's one such thread for market v2.2.6 ( the first version with the new style ) . you might need to do a little hunting if you want the most recent version ( 2.2.11 , i believe ) . some people have also reported success using the latest mdpi version of gapps instead of the mdpi-tiny version , but i am not sure how likely that is to work . as with most other modifications , i would recommend making a nand/ti backup before you do this . i flashed a newer market on my evo but it caused a bootloop the first time i tried . i think i ultimately ended up clearing my data/ and cache/ partitions , then clearing my dalvik-cache , then flashing the new market . you might not have to do something that excessive to get it to work , but it seemed to do well on my phone .
usually your apps are downloaded using your browser . for accessing them you open your browser , press menu > more > downloads .
indeed , overriding certificates it is one of the most popular ways to compromise https . so , if your employer can succeed to create a certificate that fools the app , it can easily perform a mitm attack . some links to check about mitm attacks on gmail app : [ 1 ] : http://www.networking4all.com/en/ssl+certificates/ssl+news/android+apps+vulnerable+to+man-in-the-middle+attacks/ [ 2 ] : http://bgr.com/2011/08/30/iranian-government-said-to-be-using-mitm-hack-to-spy-on-gmail-other-google-services/
i know ow hard it it to find the right camera and software combinations for cameras . i have written a few proprietary java applications for just such a thing . i have found that ipcamviewer is a okay app for looks but man that guy has added support for just about every camera known to man ! it is a really good app in that sense but lacks a professional feel to it . but i would stick with that app as he continually updates it and if you have a problem and email him he usually addresses it in the next iteration . one of the better companies for streaming video is axis their video encoding solutions is one of the more configurable options . each encoder runs a webserver and if you know a little linux you can get on the server and reprogram web pages and even the java serving up the images . they also have solutions for standard cameras . so depending on cameras you may have to buy a special camera and take the output to an axis video encoder and stream it to your phone . i have done this with some really special cameras like flir ir camera ( cost is around $80k ) , and sony and hitachi low light cameras . there are some really good network cameras too , like sony 's hd camera and the multiple ones that axis has .
search light is open source , has no unnecessary permissions , and has a nice set of operating modes .
it is possible to create a personal layer in google maps and have it show up in the maps app . you can create a pin , and label it . however , you will only see pins on the app . but once you click on the pin , you will see your custom text . google maps site . log-in to google maps in desktop mode ( a pc maybe ? ) . at the top left beside the Get directions button , click the My Places button . then , click the red Create Map button . give your map a title , add some pins ( and custom text ) on it , then click the Done button . google maps app . if the app is open , close it and open it again . once open , click the Layers button at the bottom right . click My Maps and your list of custom maps will show up , together with the pins you put up . see if that is a suitable workaround . update : the My Maps option of google maps has been discontinued . as of 12th december 2013 , a new app , the google maps engine android app has features similar to My Maps option that allows you to create maps from the google maps engine site . this app lets you see it the created maps and layers .
once you hit the gray box and that ice list pops up , i believe you just have to select a contact from that list in order to assign that person/phone number to the box . just be careful with assigning contacts to the gray boxes because it can be very easy to pocket dial these people . in case you are interested in removing someone from the gray box , you select the menu button while on the " emergency dialer " screen and it'll give the option to remove the contact from the gray box . hope it helps .
yes , one solution is the bookmark sort and backup app . visit here from phone or search for " bookmark sort " on android market . ( pro version comes without ads . ) hope it helps . edit : bookmark sort and backup free and bookmark manager free on appbrain.com.
this was a problem with the routing software connectify .
my solution was to change the front room wifi to wpa2 to match the backroom 's wifi ( wpa2 ) which i never had a problem with . do not know why this works i cannot believe the sgs2 has less than optimum support for wpa . maybe it was buggy software . . . although i am fully updated and have been since i got the phone . ( september 11 ) i should mention this was not a problem caused by ics or fixed by the firmware upgrade as i had the problem pretty much as soon as i got the phone ( september 11 ) .
to use an attached usb device you need to have : a usb otg ( usb on-the-go ) cable usb host mode drivers loaded on your device a version of the android operating system loaded on that device that supports usb host mode an android device ( eg phone or tablet ) that has built-in hardware support for usb host mode and finally there need to be drivers on your device , for whatever usb device you are plugging in . operating system usb host mode support was introduced in android version 3.1 ( honeycomb ) , so if you have android 3.1 , or newer installed on your device then you should have the necessary support for it in your os , android 4 also adds additional usb and otg support . also , many third-party roms add support for usb host mode to phones that have the hardware support , but do not have the necessary os or driver support in the official operating system release . host mode drivers most devices that have both hardware support and a new enough os will have the necessary drivers loaded to enable usb host mode , but some do not . you can find driver apps on the play store for some models that do not have built in drivers . some models with 3rd party instructions and drivers available are : nexus one htc desire htc incredible cable you can not just use a normal usb cable . as these devices can act as both a usb " slave " device ( for instance so that you can plug them into a pc and copy music onto your phone , or copy pictures off the phone ) and a usb " host " ( for example so that you can plug a usb memory stick into your tablet and copy files on or off it ) they need some way to tell which they should act as at a given time . a usb otg ( usb on-the-go ) cable is what is used to tell your device to act as a host , this is like a normal usb cable but it has one of the internal pins connected to ground at one end to let that device know that it should act as the host ( technically pins 4 and 5 are shorted to ground in an otg cable ) . additionally , as most phones have micro-usb sockets , but most usb dongles have " full-size " usb plugs , as below many otg cables have a male micro-b usb plug at one end , and a female usb-a plug at the other to convert between the different sized connectors . the motorola camera connection kit , which is a usb otg cable usb otg cables can be bought fairly cheaply on places like ebay or the amazon marketplace , as well as many small electronics shops . you may also find that your device 's manufacturer sells an official , branded one , often called something like a " camera connection kit " or " usb memory stick connection cable " . if you are brave you can also find various tutorials on the web on how to make your own otg cable from a standard usb cable . usb device drivers when you plug your usb device into your android phone or tablet it needs to know what that usb device is and what to do with it . for common devices , like usb memory sticks , or cameras that support pptp or usb mass storage , these will often already be built into the os . for other usb devices , like wifi , 3g or bluetooth dongles there may not be drivers pre-built into the os , or only drivers for certain specific devices . how to test everything together there are some apps that can help you test whether you have all of the necessary hardware and software to do this , such as usb host diagnostics . using it to test your device 's capabilities is very simple install usb host diagnostics from the play store run it tap the start diagnostics link , and following the directions first ensure that you have nothing plugged into usb on your device and then plug a device ( such as a usb flash drive ) in when prompted if everything works you should end up with a summary screen like this , showing firstly a few details about your device and the running os , then letting you know whether or not your device says that it supports usb host mode , and then the all important final verdict that lets you know whether testing the host mode access worked or not : if everything is working and the app successfully detected your usb device ( showing that your usb host mode is working ) you should have " yes"s in the ringed sections , and some details showing how much access 3rd party ( ie non-built-in ) apps have to the device . if not , there should be details there to help you track down where the problem is . alternatively , chainfire , the author of usb host diagnostics , has a ( long ) listing of all the reports that people have submitted after running the test on their devices . you can look your device up in the list and see if people with your device and operating system version have passed all of the tests , or not . have a look for your device here : http://usbhost.chainfire.eu/
according to this stackoverflow question , yes . excerpt :
if you have a locked bootloader , it is s-on . if you fully unlock the bootloader it is s-off . as eldarerathis notes below there is an intermediate state , where it is unlocked but still s-on , where you can flash recoveries and roms but not radio firmware and so on . if you do not unlock the bootloader , you can not flash unsigned firmware and most often can not alter your rom ( i.e. . , no permanent rooting ) . the locked bootloader generally restores a known good system image on boot if it sees that changes have been made . for some devices there is no known method of unlocking the bootloader ; most of the time you need something official like htc 's unlocker tool .
one option - if you have root and a proper custom kernel you can use something like setcpu to underclock your processor . cyanogenmod also has this functionality built in since at least cm7 , do not remember if it is in cm6 . that can be found in Settings-&gt;CyanogenMod Settings-&gt;Performance iirc . without root access , i suppose you could try to run some kind of " expensive " process in an attempt to occupy cpu cycles , but its probably not the best of ideas or an accurate portrayal of a slower device .
you need a third-party app to recieve wi-fi calls . two popular apps are grooveip ( paid and free ) and talkatone ( paid ) . you could also set up sipdroid ( free ) , which will set up the sip forwarding using pbxes.com. or you could use a number of other sip apps and set up forwarding yourself , but that gets a bit convoluted .
the long-click is basically the same as a right-click which brings up context menus . things for mouse-over such as viewing titles , and link urls can be accomplished with bookmarklets . i have examples bookmarklets to view all titles , and all href links , see " href:" , " href-x:" and " parentips " on for instance my dolphin gestures page . you can invoke example by clicking on one of those boxed bookmarklets links . to learn more about bookmarklets , if you are not familiar with them , i would suggest starting at http://www.squarefree.com/bookmarklets .
the motorola update software will recognize the correct origin , so you could always try to get the official froyo upgrade . click around on this page to get instructions : http://www.motorola.com/staticfiles/support/gb-en/froyo/milestonenotification.htm
it sounds like your tablet is missing the ' contacts ' or ' people ' app ( or has one customized by the manufacturer , which does not understand the same intents ) . since every oha-certified android device has it , gmail is trying to launch it without checking whether it exists , and that is what is going wrong . if you disabled the app yourself ( by clicking disable in the app 's page in settings → apps ) , then you have to re-enable it to avoid this problem . if the gmail app was pre-installed on your tablet , then this is a system integration error . you should complain to the manufacturers and ask them to release an update to fix the problem . until then , or if you installed gmail yourself on a tablet that does not support it , you should be able to fix the problem if you can find and install the original contacts or people app .
it looks like this is either specific to the hardware of the camera or even the software the manufacture using on the device . i have a samsung galaxy s ( vibrant ) and i can pause and resume video recording . my previous device , the htc dream ( adp1/g1 ) could also pause and resume ( from what i can remember ) .
it seems that the problem was the encoding that windows media player used . it uses the windows hebrew code-page ( 1255 ) . i used foobar2000 with the chacon plugin to change it to the mac hebrew code-page ( 10005 ) which seems to be supported by my phone .
new app location alert will do this . never forget another task with location alert - now available completely free ! location alert is a cutting-edge application that reminds you to perform tasks based upon your current location , rather than time . often there are tasks to which you cannot specify a certain time , however , would like to be reminded when in a certain vicinity . for instance , you don’t know when exactly you will leave work this evening , but whenever you do , and are crossing the grocery store on your way home , you want to be reminded to pick up milk . location alert to the rescue ! do not know what time you will be crossing the science department , but need to remember to drop off that assignment whenever you do ? do not know what time you will reach office but must remember to hand in that check to accounting ? need a reminder to pick up the dvd you left at sam 's house whenever you are in the vicinity next time ? . . .
certain apps like the gallery let your share content via bluetooth ( or any other number of methods ) . the gallery handles video and images . highlight the item and hit menu to get the share menu .
i upgraded to a 2.3.4 rom . i no longer have the battery drain issue , or the lag issue . the question is whether or not it was the specific rom or the 2.3.3 os , but based on multiple links , here and here , i believe it is a 2.3.3 issue fixed in 2.3.4 .
i guess this is by design as the majority of users do not have 4 accounts on their phone . the whole idea of those messages is to give the user the opportunity to download a new version as soon as it comes out . you may not want to use your mobile data when you do not want it to . maybe the update automatically tickbox would bypass this message , however it will probably still say that 3 updates have been applied . so what you maybe looking for is silent updates stackexchange-url looks like you can do it with a rooted phone . i too think that google can handle multiple accounts in a more intuitive ways across their products . since its out of our control to improve these closed source apps ourselves i will say its better than it used to be . i think the best solution for google would be to combine these messages into one notification ie "5 apps have been updated " . make some noise on the google support pages to improve this ux , this may be a good start http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/google+mobile/label?lid=551c5c4cca827a18hl=en
i found the answer here - it is a matter of adding qemu.hw.mainkeys=1  to /system/build.prop ( root required ) .
there are two ways known to me how this could be achieved : using a launcher which supports this there are several launchers available on google play which let you configure the grid size of your homescreen as well as of your app drawer . one of those is apex launcher , which i use myself . another example is go launcher ex , which i run on another device . i am pretty sure a load of other launchers does this as well . edit : holy whatever . if that is not enough , take a look at lighning launcher . grid size ? what grid ? who needs a grid ? icon size , font size , orientation -- feel free to design your own homescreen ! and now , for the size of the package . sitting ? 200 kb ( still looking for the hook ) , working with android 1.6 and up . truly amazing ! ah , and what comes below : multi-whatever is already included . widgets in folders ? no problem , either . . . well , that bunch of features must need permis . . . what ? only usb-storage ? can not believe . . . i just sent it to one of my devices to take a closer look : ) using " multi-widgets " there are some sort of " widget expanders " out there , which pick 4 ( or more ) widgets and combine them into one " compressed widget " . one example for this group is multicon widget . zoom and then there is zoom , from the dev of tasker ( with which it even integrates ) . according to its description , this also should be an option : unique on any computer : design your own homescreen widgets to do whatever you like ! position , size and overlay elements in the drag-and-drop editor . two views : full-zoom for easier editing , actual-size for previewing .
there is a faq from when ubuntu announced it was working on ubuntu based tablets . there , they state : the only way to get an ubuntu tablet is to buy a tablet built and supplied with ubuntu by an oem partner of canonical so i would say that ubuntu is not , and will not , be capable of running on any existing android tablet . full faq can be found at media faq for press pack : tablet .
is your sd card formatted as fat32 ? if so , that is why - it is a fat32 limitation .
i have solved my own problem . those search paths are all messed up ! i checked the installation path and it is installed in c:\program files ( x86 ) \android even thou i do have a 64-bit version of windows . but nevertheless , this is the default installation location . so i updated the path variable with following line . C:\Program Files (x86)\Android\android-sdk\tools\;C:\Program Files (x86)\Android\android-sdk\platform-tools\ and now i can start adb server from cmd regardless of where the prompt is at . i have no clue why they are referring to appdata\local\ folder in the guide for the 64-bit systems . that makes no sense at all . if anywhere , the installation location should be in " program files " folder for a 64-bit system . they actually put this in for the 32-bit systems . . . like i said , it is all messed up . i should point out that adb.exe has been moved from C:\Program Files (x86)\Android\android-sdk\tools\ to the new location C:\Program Files (x86)\Android\android-sdk\platform-tools\ . this has been done in later versions of android sdk . so if you are reading this in year 2013 then you can probably just get the latest sdk and use only this last search path . you do not need them both . at least not for adb and fastboot . if you are a developer then you maybe need to access tools from both directories , although if you are a dev then you probably will not need to read this at all . how to edit a system variable here 's a short how-to for the newbies . what you need is the environment variables dialog . click start ( orb ) menu button . right click on computer icon . click on properties . this will bring up system window in control panel . click on advanced system settings on the left . this will bring up the system properties window with advanced tab selected . click on environment variables button on the bottom of the dialog . this brings up the environment variables dialog . in the system variables section , scroll down till you see path . click on path to select it , then the edit button . this will bring up the edit system variable dialog . while the variable value field is selected , press the end key on your keyboard to go to the right end of the line , or use the arrow keys to move the marker to the end . type in ;C:\Program Files (x86)\Android\android-sdk\tools\;C:\Program Files (x86)\Android\android-sdk\platform-tools\ and click ok . click ok again , then ok once more to save and exit out of the dialogs . that is it ! you can now start any android sdk tool , e.g. adb or fastboot , regardless of what your current directory is in cmd . for good measure here 's what the dialog looks like . this is where you edit the path variable .
that sounds to me like a hardware issue . if you are still under warranty , i would get it repaired . if not , you will have to decide whether you want to live with it or pay for repair ( or replace the phone ) .
i think adw launcher has a setting that should keep the application in memory . also , cm has a setting to force the os to keep the launcher in memory . i dont remember where it is at in cm6 , but in cm7 it is in Settings -> CyanogenMod Settings -> Performance and it is called " lock home in memory " . i do not remember if it was in the same place or if it was called the same in cm6 .
phoneusage keeps track of how much data you use each day , and gives a nice display of which apps used how much data . here is an example of what mine looked like this month : note : it only starts tracking after installation .
google navigation uses traffic information in some countries , e.g. usa and uk . if you are in one of those , yep , it will pick an optimal route based on traffic .
open the S Voice app , and open its settings . you should be able to change it via Set wake-up command . here 's the setting from my samsung galaxy s4:
i do not know of any third-party app or site that does this . i did look around a few months ago and found nothing , but something might have come up since then . however , if the reason you are looking for this feature is because of limited app space , appbrain ( both the app and the website ) has a feature to view only apps with app2sd enabled .
one of the three incredibles we own had the same problem . it too was running miui . i found this thread on the miui forums . after changing the build . prop file as indicated in that thread the problem went away . edit to add the following information : http://androidforums.com/incredible-all-things-root/447517-stop-update-notification.html changed these lines to this : do not try to parse ro . build . description or . fingerprint ro . build . description=3.26.605.1 cl264707 release-keys ro . build . fingerprint=verizon_wwe/inc/inc/inc:2.3.4/grj22/222219:user/release-keys end build properties it is really just the " build fingerprint " that matters as you can see . if the miui is referencing an older version of android then the carrier will keep trying to download the latest android update . that is where the data download is coming from .
in android , every package is cryptographically signed by its author . to be an upgrade , the new package has to be signed with the same key as the old package . since packages can read previous versions ' data files , this is an important security precaution . the error you get tells you that the update you are trying to install was not signed using the same key as the package you had flashed to the rom . either the original package you flashed , or the new package , was signed by a different developer . you should either obtain an update from the same source you originally got the gapps package from , or flash a new rom with a gapps package from the same source you are trying to update from . we may be able to help further with this if you edit your question to say where you got these packages from .
currently and sadly , there is no such option to allow the action of auto-answer an incoming skype call . you can keep an eye out on this threads , maybe in a nearby feature such solution will arrive : skype support network : auto answer incoming call on android os xda developers forum thread : [ rq ] skype auto answer xda developers forum thread : [ q ] skype auto answer additionally , 3rd party solutions are not possible to this end , since skype uses a proprietary protocol with no available api as explained on this stackoverflow answer .
it depends on where game has downloaded data . if its under &lt;sdcard_root&gt;/Android/data/&lt;package_name&gt; , the data will be cleared . if its under some custom directory like &lt;sdcard_root&gt;/GameName/ , the data will not be cleared .
is this the route you want to take offline in google maps app : how did i take it to google maps app ? well , i opened this question in dolphin browser and tapped the link you provided . it gave me Share via.. pop-up from which i chose Maps . done ! to push links to android device , you do not need to publish it on web . there are plenty of options available viz . airdroid . you can use gmail too . in android device , just open that link in web browser . if Share via.. pop-up does not appear with your web browser , it means that its not tightly integrated with android . i would recommend you to use dolphin browser because i have tested it . to make it offline , just hit Options key and you will find Make available offline option . . . to later use this map , just tap Layers icon on top bar ( on bottom bar in ics ) and choose the route : note : i have put screenshots from a gingerbread device . my ics device is currently not available . if you are running ics or above , it'll be slightly different .
sms is tied in with gsm telephony standard , so the answer to your question is no . but what you can do , is use viber , whatsapp to send something similar to sms ( not the gsm variety ! ) to each party provided they have the appropriate app installed .
private means you can not back it up . the developer decided that . some apps ignore it fileexpert &lt ; - my favourite estrongs file explorer not a file manager , but also titanium backup
two pieces of ground i want to cover here : /cache is typically a separate partition on your device , which would not be mountable by a pc via usb , which is why that is not working . the usb connection generally accesses a directory named " sdcard " ( or similar ) which is used as an external storage device , although this storage area does not have to be physically external to the device ( it may just be a partition named /sdcard rather than a physical card ) . if the ota is in /cache then you should be able to find it with a file explorer or shell on your device . once you have found it , you could simply move the file from /cache to your external storage and then copy it over usb . you will need root in order to access /cache , though . there are a number of file explorers that support root access , but i personally use es file explorer .
you cannot ( barring any hardware tweaks . ) if you root your phone and install a custom rom , you may be able to remove the " turn off " and " reboot " options from the power menu . however , nexus 5 ( as do most modern phones ) has a hard-wired feature , where holding the power button for 10 seconds shuts the phone off . this is done so that you can restart the phone if it freezes up . since nexus 5 does not have a removable battery , this hard reset would be the only way to shut it off without having to wait for the battery to drain . if you are technically inclined , you can always make hardware modifications to the phone which would prevent the power button from functioning normally . however , such mods are not for the novices , and will certainly void your warranty .
it appears to be defined in /init . rc , at least on my device : export path /sbin:/system/sbin:/system/bin:/system/xbin i do not think you can edit this file directly though , even with root access , because it is part of the read-only boot image , not the /system partition . if you want to edit it then i guess you would have to unpack , edit and re-pack the boot image as described here : http://android-dls.com/wiki/index.php?title=howto:_unpack%2c_edit%2c_and_re-pack_boot_images i have not tried this though .
only the main user ( owner ) has access to Developer Options . related question : stackexchange-url
from the picture it would appear you are correct . note #2 , however . the baseband is the modem firmware .
the method " debugfs automated root " works for the latest official rom of the thinkpad tablet . like most other root methods , you need to have the android sdk ( or at least adb ) installed and must be able to connect adb to your lenovo thinkpad ( enable debug mode ) . linux users download the exploit from the xda post . unzip DebugfsRoot_Generic_v2.3.zip adb push debugfs /data/local/ adb push su /data/local/ adb push debugfsinput /data/local/ adb shell mv /data/local/tmp /data/local/tmp.bak adb shell ln -s /dev/block/mmcblk0p3 /data/local/tmp adb reboot adb shell chmod 777 /data/local/debugfs now run the exploit : adb shell "/data/local/debugfs -w /dev/block/mmcblk0p3 &lt; /data/local/debugfsinput" cleanup : adb shell rm /data/local/tmp &amp;&amp; adb shell mv /data/local/tmp.bak /data/local/tmp install superuser : adb install Superuser.apk windows just run the provided RootDebugfs.bat
there is a dedicated android app available now for delicious from avos .
so , to avoid a hanging question : using the new rom for almost two months . tried the original stock baseband i5500bvjjp7 but it felt overall worse , so i went back to i5500luyjpe . now any issue is rare . . . it is weeks since i last noticed a random restart , my phone reports over 160h uptime ( not 100% reliable , i have seen it not restart after a crash ) , and wifi is most of the time fast to get in ip . in the end , as things improved with a new rom , i suppose the issues are due to small quirks of the rom itself . should improve over time .
while trying to explain where to find that "4th tab " , i just see where your problem is : you use the %wifi variable to check for a ) on/off and b ) the connection mode . either it is on/off , or it holds connection info . the first is %wifi , the other %wifii : wifi info %wifii when connected to an access point ( ap ) , shows human-readable data about the ap . when not connected , show details of the most recent wifi scan results for nearby aps . wifi status ( dynamic ) %wifi whether wifi is on or off . note : if wifi is enabling or disabled , in fact anything but enabled , it is classed as off . source : tasker userguide now back to the original explanation about that "4th tab": you see some tabs in both pictures . in the first , " profiles " is selected , in the second " tasks " . in both pictures you see another tab " scenes " . right to that is one more , " variables": but regardless of that : for debugging , you can always to add another item to your task , " notify " , and have it either popup the %wifi ( or whatever variables ) content or add it to your notification bar . this is good for debugging .
press the menu key on the remote , and then select " edit home screen icons " or something to that extent ( wording could be different , i am going by my sony google tv unit . ) now highlight ( using the arrow keys ) and click on the empty box on the home bar vacated by the app you have just removed , and a pop-up should appear with all installed apps and bookmarks listed . selecting any of them will place it on the home bar .
simply , use boxcryptor . . it'll encrypt your files and folders with aes-256 standard ( aes-256 is classified by the u.s. government to protect “top secret” information ) . the best thing : you can use it on any platform : android , ios , windows , mac , linux . so , you can sync your encrypted files with dropbox , too . its free android app : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.boxcryptor.android ( free version has limitation of read-only access ) . you do not even need a rooted device whats not the case of fully free luks manager . if your device is rooted and you also need write access without spending money , go for luks manager , but you will miss cross-platform access . so , my recommendation is paid boxcryptor if you need write access . with encryption , your files and folders will be safe even if your friends are hacker . with even fastest super computers , breaking aes-256 standard needs decades or even hundreds/thousands years ( based on password strength and encryption passphrase ) .
i think they changed the name of the stock clock app during one of the android os upgrades . in 2.1 i think it was called " desk clock " . in 2.2 it is just called " clock " .
see the faq , particularly the billing section . you will not get charged for turning on data roaming and connecting to an orange network , but you need to remember to turn it back off before roaming on any other networks to avoid charges . also , the faq mentions that it is only for calls and text messages right now , but it is not clear why they would also mention the data roaming setting if that is the case , so ymmv . regardless , you will likely be limited to 2g since 3g is typically on a carrier specific frequency . and of course , all of this may change if at and t completes their acquisition .
to put android into " listening mode " , do your long press , then click on the google logo at the bottom of the screen . that is google now , your siri counterpart . for samsung devices with s-voice , double-pressing quickly on the home button will trigger s-voice .
kitkat has only 3 defaults for this : bluetooth email gmail other options can be added with 3rd party software , e.g. es file exploere adds " share over lan " . as per the google products page this is a know issue . i too am annoyed that this issue is happening with the nexus 5 . i can only hope that they will have an update that will resolve this issue . i work in the transportation industry in which i often have to send forward a contact phone number to another driver and at this point is very cumbersome not to be able to quickly share a recent calls number with another driver . i have been checking the play store to see if there is an app dialer that will resolve this issue for me . from this android central thread it confirms that this feature is missing and the solution is to copy and paste , or install 3rd party app . without installing a 3rd party application , there is nothing you can do for now .
without root it is up to the developer of the particular application , and chances are there are not enough note 3s out there to justify it . there is an s-pen sdk from samsung there are lists ( but these will often be out of date in no time ) like this best s-pen apps out there . with root access there is a way to open any app in pen window mode first , make sure you are rooted with busybox installed . second , make a backup . third , just download penwindowmanager_v1 . apk and install as normal . finally , just tick the apps you want and do not forget to press the save button . a soft reboot maybe required for the changes to take effect .
here 's here 's [ tnx @gathrawn ] a free app that claims to be able to do that .
while i understand google might not like this , and probably it is not 100% politically correct answer , here is the link where you can download apk of google music . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1072655 if you enable installation from unknown sources , you can install the thing on your phone , without restrictions . i tried and it worked . i was able to access my music uploaded to google and even play it . that means the restrictions are only settings in android market , everything else seems to be free of restrictions .
if you do not want use 3rd party apps : this requires decent computer skills and a rooted phone , but here are the steps for android 2.3 gingerbread . copy /system/home . apk from your phone to pc . decompile home . apk using apktool . goto [ decompiled folder ] /res/values/integer . xml change &lt;integer name="number_of_desktop_panes"&gt;5&lt;/integer&gt; , to 7 or whatever you want . save it , and compile the apk using apktool . copy it back to phone i.e. to /system , change its permissions to -rw-r-r .
doubletwist with airsync will do this , as long as they are connected to the same wifi network and looking at the same location . for bulk file transfers , most file explorers ( like es file explorer ) allow you to browse devices from other devices on the same network .
go to settings > Apps > click on the app that is being used as your default messaging medium ( google voice in your case ) > press Clear defaults .
more specifically adb push [file] [path]  will take [ file ] from the pc and copy it to [ path ] on the android device . adb install [apkfile]  will copy [ apkfile ] from the pc into /data/app/ on the android device . the main difference being that push will let you specify where you want the file to go on the device , and install puts it in a known location ( the location " installed " apps exist in ) .
i think you have misunderstood the sync settings . they are not intended as a way to stop apps performing background operations . the sync settings for each app come from within that app , like any other app settings , so the exact behaviour is up to that app . because the sync settings are part of the accounts mechanism , they are usually used to control data attached to that account ( e . g . if you have the evernote app installed and an evernote account signed in , the sync setting within that account just controls syncing the data owned by that account ; it does not control any other kind of background processes ) . os and app updates are not covered by any of the sync settings , so you would not expect those settings to change their behaviour .
the setting should still exist , it is just a little bit more awkward to get to . the easiest way is to hit the microphone icon on the search widget ( though i think anywhere it appears will work ) to bring up the voice action dialog . there is a wrench in the top right of that dialog that opens the settings : tap that to open the settings page , which should have the checkbox titled " personalized recognition " as in previous versions ( tested on a galaxy nexus running cyanogenmod 9 , android 4.0.4 ) .
as eldarerathis already pointed out in his comment on your question : if the app is already installed , and the certificate matches , you will be prompted whether you want to replace it . if the certificates differ , there is a conflict : the app cannot be updated due to the mismatch , and it cannot be installed along as the package name is already in use ( apps use an internal package name , which e.g. is shown in the url on its google play store webpage ) . if the package is corrupted , you again get another specific error ( telling you it is corrupted ) . so most probably , the .apk you try to install manually has been tampered with . if it was not you doing so , i would refrain from using it . if it was you , and you know what you are doing -- or you know the source to be trustworthy ( e . g . the developer of the app provided you with an unsigned testing version ) , you have to first uninstall the original app before installing the " tainted " .apk .
any cache can be cleared . clearing the cache will not remove app settings . read more from this closed question in stackoverflow ( should be migrated here ) : what is the difference between clear cache and clear data in android settings
attachment2sd will do the trick . after you install it when you click on the pdf attachment in the gmail app it'll pop-up the " complete action using . . . " dialog . choose attachment2sd and it'll download to a directory on your sd card , where you can immediately open it or save it for later . this works with all kinds of files , not just pdf .
do you have busybox installed ? open up terminal emulator and type busybox if a load of stuff comes up on the screen , then you have busybox installed . next , type mount into terminal emulator , if a load of crap comes up then you do have mount installed . otherwise , download the BusyBox Installer app on market , and download an older version of busybox . the same if you already have it installed , as the newer versions have loads of errors . if that does not work , then i suggest emaailing the developer with a bug report .
after months trying , i solved flashing the defyplus_u3_4.5.1-134_dfp-2311_blur_sign_usadefyemarab1b8tfde004.0r_pds03c_usajrdngibro2de_p020_a025_m002_service1ff . sbf
files in /sys/ are part of sysfs which is a special virtual filesystem to dialog with the linux kernel . you can for example have a fast introduction here . therefore you cannot treat sysfs files as normal files as it may lead to strange behaviour depending on how the program treats them ( same for device files , usually in /dev , or files in procfs in /proc ) . usually to tweak that files you just write in them with an echo , such as echo 255 &gt; /sys/class/leds/mmc1::/max_brightness 
that is not an airpush ad . also , these kind of ads are forbidden by the google playstore tos . always pointing to the same app suggests another app from the same developer placing it , not an ad module . i would first check which apps are running when this happens ( settings→apps , select the corresponding tab ) . see if there are " non-essential " apps listed which you can live without . note them down . second , check permissions of the apps installed . there are some permission checker apps available which make things easier for you . fot this specific case , permission explorer seems to be a good candidate : permission explorer : list of permissions , apps using a certain permission ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants ) as the screenshots show , this app allows you to browse your installed apps by permission . your screenshot looks like a system alert window , so the offending app most likely has the system_alert_window permission . check for apps having this permission . note them down . in a third step , compare your notes : apps that were running when the message appeared , apps using the SYSTEM_ALERT_WINDOW permission . if you find a match , you most likely found your offender . uninstall it , and see whether your issue is gone then . if this has solved your issue , do not forget the following to help others : check if that app is still on google play , and if the version there matches the version you have installed . if so , first report that app to google , as it violates the tos , and put a comment warning others . google should react by removing the app from the store .
i use a widget called " digital clock widget " , free from the market . it is a simple clock/date widget , which can be configured to also show the day and time of the next alarm .
what timezone are you in ? it sounds like when you back them up , it is saving them in a different timezone ( maybe utc ) . to answer your other questions : yes , sqlite is used for the messages /data/data/com.android.providers.telephony/databases/mmssms.db same way as sms messages : /data/data/com.android.providers.telephony/databases/mmssms.db you can use adb from the android sdk and copy it to your pc by doing : c:/android-sdk/tools/&gt; adb pull /data/data/com.android.providers.telephony/databases/mmssms.db c:/users/my-account/desktop/mmssms.db yes , you will have to root your phone to get access to that directory . maybe check out sms backup + in the android market . it will backup your sms messages ( does not do mms yet ) to your gmail account and put them in an sms label . it will also restore them too .
in general , anything that works regardless of which app you have in the foreground will work regardless of which launcher you have installed . that includes eye scrolling , air gestures , smart stay , smart orientation change ( i forget the marketing name for it ) , and so on . changing to a different launcher will only replace the home screen and the " all apps " menu . note that the old launcher is still installed : the first time you go to the home screen , you get a chooser to pick which one to use , the same way as if you have more than one web browser and click on a link .
i read on retrica 's website that they are aware of this problem for android 2 . x devices and they are working to fix it .
you should be able to create a file called " . nomedia " ( without quotes ) in the folder you do not want scanned . it is supposed to tell the media scanner not to look in there .
i am not sure about facebook events here because i have very few events ever listed in my facebook calendar . but if you sync your phone with facebook ( settings > accounts and sync ) and have it sync live feeds , it should display calendar items in your calendar . i know i have birthdays in my calendar that show up and that is how i have facebook sync setup . if you are setup the same way , try removing facebook sync , clear cache and data from the app ( settings > applications > manage application > all , then find facebook and click on it . there should be an option to clear cache and data . reboot . then recreate the account and sync . not sure if this will help but usually solves most issues . . .
why do not you run it in landscape mode ? portrait is not the default orientation for tablets , even if the android sdk defaults to portrait . i am also wondering if you can cut out the body of the device and set the view to screen-only ; the tab 's screen is 1024x600 , so it should fit your screen like that while in portrait mode .
you can get the lg optimus v from virgin mobil for $150 ( total ) and pay $25/month for unlimited data and texts and 300 minutes/month of talk time . there are three drawbacks . ( 1 ) the screen is a bit small . ( 2 ) the internal memory is only about 200mb , so you are limited as the number of apps you can have ( even moving apps to the sd card ) . ( 3 ) virgin mobile uses the sprint network which seems to be more limited than say verizon . later this month ( i think ) virgin mobile will also off the motorola triumph with 2gb internal memory and a larger screen and a faster processor and a front facing camera ( which the optimus does not have , so maybe that is four drawbacks ) . i plan to switch to the new phone as soon as i can .
no , mobile broadband is called such specifically to distinguish it from a cell phone data plan . you might be able to trick them by claiming your phone is one of the tablets they support , but only if you can get all its info ( imei etc . ) beforehand and they accept it , rather than requiring you to bring in the device . however i believe they are able to detect this sort of trickery on a network level , even if you are not an existing customer and they know that your device is a phone . i would not expect it to work for long . i did a similar thing on t-mobile and my service was cut after 2 days .
i will answer my own question - i do not think there is such an email client yet that provides the facility to choose which internet connection ( s ) is/are used with each account . thanks for the droidwall mention @foleyisgood , but i would prefer not to have to root my device for risks of malware , also because i use some backing apps which will not run on rooted devices .
see also : how can i stop applications and services from running ? when you free the memory you are just killing the apps using it or that android has stopped and put in the background . the only real solution is to not use apps , or to accept that every time you switch apps your position in the old one will be forgotten . you had probably need a custom-built rom that entirely altered the way android does memory management in order to get around this ; having something auto-clear the ram would end up killing the app you are currently using . another alternative is creating a swap partition , though how to do so is a different question .
this is the expected behavior . queue is the " currently playing playlist " you have playlist a with song 1,2,3 and 4 . if you start listening to playlist a , the currently playing playlist will consist of song 1,2,3,4 . if you see song 1337 , then " add to queue " while listening to song 2 , the currently playing playlist will consist of song 2,1337,3,4 . if the next day , you start playlist a from the beginning , it will still only hold song 1,2,3,4 .
from the home screen , click the " all apps " button , then there is an app called downloads . by default , downloads are sorted most-recent-first , so the one you have just downloaded will be at the top . if even that method is one step too many , you can long-tap on the downloads icon in the apps menu , then drop it on the home screen to create a shortcut to that app . now you can open it from the home screen directly . additionally , if the wrong app opens a certain kind of file , you can stop that and go back to having a chooser to pick which app to open files with . open the settings app , then go to apps ( on some phones it is called applications manager ) . choose the offending app from the list : if it is a built-in app , you will need to swipe to to the all page . scroll down and click clear defaults . next time you open a file that would open with that app , you will get the chooser instead ( assuming you have another app installed that can open that kind of file ) .
there is no need to install kies . download the driver SAMSUNG_USB_Driver_for_Mobile_Phones_v1.5.14.0.exe ( or a higher version ) which is available from the samsung website . click on the manuals and downloads tab ( below the image of the phone ) and then the software tab . after installing , i connected the s3 via usb and windows update automatically searched for and downloaded a package that was 6.8mb , followed by this notification . i restarted my computer ( just in case ) and i can now use the s3 for development , even though it says the device is connected as a " media device " .
this issue was resolved by reinstalling bigxie 's 4.1.1 rom from scratch ( with a full wipe ) . i suspect that fiddling around with titaniumbackup caused me to remove the system camera app , and for some reason this was not put in when i installed aokp + gapps . please note ! full wipe and complete reinstall of a rom that is missing the camera app will not help . therefore , choose a stock rom or a rom close to stock that you know include the camera system app . if this does not help , try reseting the phone completely to locked bootloader , unrooted stock rom and so on as you will probably want to return it anyway if the camera app is still gone in the stock installation : )
i did not realize you can change the account to use when uploading the file . i do not understand how i missed it , but here it is : given that the marked account value always changes back to the other account and i have to adjust it every time , i guess there is still merit in the question . but my problem was finding this ui item .
there are two applications that come preloaded on the device which can do this for you , " fit " and " heart rate " . you can start these apps by saying " ok google " or tapping the screen to bring up search , followed by the command " start fit " or " start heart rate " which launch the corresponding app . heart rate 's sole purpose is to show this information , so the button to start monitoring will be available immediately . fit also tracks other fitness data , such as steps you have traveled , so you will need to swipe to the left once to get to the heart rate section and expose the button which will start the reading . both of these apps will request that you stay still for 10-15 seconds as a reading is taken , and it is important to note that they only measure your heart rate when you ask for it , there is not a passive reading being taken . as a shortcut , you can just tell google to " show me my heart rate " to skip the " start fit " or " start heart rate " commands as well as the button press to start the reading . this will automatically launch the default heart rate measuring app and start taking a reading . you can configure which app does this by default by using the android wear app on your connected device .
while all networks you have connected to in the past are stored in a file called /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf , networks " just seen " around ( but never connected to ) are imho not stored to any file , but just " cached " in memory . so a simple trick to get rid of them is to enter airplane-mode for a couple of seconds ( or a minute if seconds are not enough ) . with wifi being disabled , the system should see no reason to " stick " to that " cached " information , and thus " forget " the unknown networks . as soon as you return from airplane mode , it would need to " rebuild " its cache again – but those " stickies " should be gone for good ( until next time , maybe , but then simply repeat the action ) .
some are drm protected , others are not . one way i am aware of to find out the ones that are drm , is when you try to download the file for offline reading : if the extension is .acsm then its a drm protected book . if the extension ends in .epub or .pdf then its not drm . protected . related reading : file types for reading on your device drm options for downloads of books on google play related to exporting the ebook to a certain format or have it restricted to be read on google play , the above first link answers your doubt , where they stat that you can read or download to read your ebook on other devices or applications .
after searching a bit more , i found wake up screen . it might do what i want . i will try it out in a few days .
the sensation xe ( which is externally identical to my sensation barring colour ) does have a hardware search button , located immediately below the touchscreen , furthest to the right : i have not noticed a setting on android 4.0 to allow you to customise the behaviour of the button , however . the default behaviour is to launch the voice search app .
a signature error is often caused by trying to install custom firmware ( the rom ) with the stock revovery . the stock recovery will only install a factory image for the device , signed by the manufacturer . this means you can only install stock firmware with it . so you need a custom recovery , something like clockworkmod or twrp recovery . note : do at your own risk , and ensure you have the correct device model for this ! downloads : this is the link to twrp for the galaxy s3 . this is the link to clockworkmod ( cwm ) recovery for galaxy s3 how to flash a new recovery with odin : step 1: prepare odin for flash make sure auto reboot and f . reset are checked , then click the pda button and load your . tar file . step 2: go into download mode on your gs3 you can do this by powering off your phone , and power back on by holding volume down + home + power . if you are on a custom rom , do not do this by holding the power button , select reboot , and select download mode . it can cause issues in certain models in odin . step 3: flash twrp press the start button on odin . then watch your phone do its thing and reboot . that is it , you now have the latest and greatest recovery available for the samsung galaxy s3 . before installing a new rom ensure you make a full nandroid backup in your new recovery . after you install the recovery , boot into it like before , then wipe cache / data and install your new rom .
o.k. i have resolved the issue by re-applying the ota update from sdcard with recovery mode .
i am afraid not . these bundled apps are part of the rom image , so the app updates are part of the system update . when you install an update , it just copies the data wholesale into the phone 's system partition : it does not install apps one by one . for this reason , there is no way to filter out individual apps from the update . you can not even remove those files from the update image on your pc : removing files would make the update signature fail to match . the phone would detect this and not install the update . you just have to disable the bundled apps you do not want after each system update , or unlock your bootloader and install a custom rom .
you could try opening the vcard file in outlook , there is also other software out there if you google " vcard editor " , find one you want and make sure there are not any issues with the file . in this case , you could remove the offending line , save with a new name and then try to import again . another option , you could import your contacts into your google account from a computer , then sync to a phone . follow this link for help with that . as far as other contact apps go , you will have to root your phone and install a rom that uses a different contact system then the one that comes stock on your phone . reason for this is most apps on the marketplace just put a different front end to the contact system already on your phone . you could look at the marketplace and see if there is an app you like , that is a totally separate contact system from what is on the phone , but i still think this would not help because your underlying issue would still exist .
a mini-sim is the same thing as a standard sim nowadays . the term was coined back in the day when sim cards were the size of a credit card . thus , the current-day regular sim was known as mini-sim . micro-sim is the next step ( used in newer smartphones , examples from gsmarena ) and then there is the nano-sim ( used only in iphone 5 , ipad mini and asus padfone infinity , as far as i know ) . see gsm sim card evolution for graphical representation .
workaround found : wrap all aac files into matroska containers and usual music players start recognising them . mkvmerge some_music.aac -o some_music.mka 
i think turning on from shutdown is not possible without messing with the hardware . i have a nexus one which is basically the htc desire and using cyanogen mod i have been able to use the trackball to wake from sleep etc . you will need to root etc and probably will void your warranty whatsoever . try the following link for more info : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=690477 also google cyanogen mod ( i can only post one link at a time )
as romain guy , one of the android engineers , stated in a stack overflow answer : no , you cannot move the honeycomb status bar , either via a setting or programmatically ( meaning it is not possible for an app to move it for you ) . you had have to modify and build the honeycomb source if you wanted to have any chance of accomplishing this . you could , however , try to find an emulator that lets you move the controls to the top of the screen . i recall seeing one that had this option , but i do not remember which one ( i think it may have been snes9x , but i am not positive ) .
the securedownload.bin file is from your email app trying to download/save an attachment . the app creates this file ( no matter what the actual name of your attachment is ) whenever you try to view or save the attachment . the FlashPlayer installer may have been automatically downloaded by your browser when you tried to view flash content . in either case , these files should be perfectly safe to delete from your downloads , since no apps are supposed to store critical files there . ( if an app places critical files in the downloads directory , the app does not deserve to be used ! )
as " art " versus " dalvik " is a setting the user can switch , a factory-reset should restore its previous ( default ) state – in this case , revert it to " dalvik " . reportedly , the following steps solved the issue in this case : complete wipe , including dalvik cache and data ( can be done from recovery-mode , and is equivalent to a factory-reset ) re-flashing the rom ( imho an optional step , as the previous one should suffice ) remark : there is a good reason that switch is a little hidden ; art is still " experimental " , and not intended for " everyday use " . it was placed with the developer 's options just to give developers a way to already test their apps for compatibility .
i am not sure why this happened . . . i suspect it was due to my open issue with the android market team . . . however i suddenly got an email that my order for this app had been canceled : hello joshua , your order has been canceled and you have not been charged . reason : other ( describe below ) comments : we could not complete your order in a timely fashion . your order has been automatically canceled . please retry your purchase . i was then able to purchase and pay for the app again , and this time , it downloaded !
if you built the image yourself then google 's proprietary apps would not have been included as they are not open source . the easiest way to get them is probably to just use the cyanogenmod9 gapps package , which can be downloaded here ( top of the table ) . if you have a custom recovery image then you can simply install the . zip file from your recovery , otherwise you will have to manually install each of the files in the . zip ( they have a folder structure that mimics your device ) . the reason why the web market is not working is because it tries to use c2dm to push the app to the device , but this requires the market app to be installed on the device . you cannot download the . apk from the market manually .
the problem is with the s2e on 4.2.2 . i wiped everything , it worked . now i reinstalled s2e and it will not work . edit : main user had no access to write sd-ext . i created a code added init . d to set sd-ext with chmod 777 .
on this question , you might want to check an article on getandroidstuff called superuser vs supersu . quoting : supersu improves everything about superuser and adds more options . the free version offers faster notifications , there is possibility of disabling them for each app and a new interface , attractive and easy to handle . in addition , according to developer claims by using supersu you’ll enjoy higher speed from the apps that require root rights , especially on android 4.0+ . the paid version called supersu pro provides the opportunity to keep root rights after a system update , which usually cancels these rights . although the method is not guaranteed the option is very useful . we have password protection and advanced log configuration settings for each application . you might also want to read supersu brings better superuser root permission management to android . quoting from that article : supersu is basically superuser on steroids . according to the developer , it “allows for advanced management of superuser access rights for all the apps on your device that need root . ” . chainsdd versus clockworkmod as i initially missed you were not asking about supersu , but chainsdd versus clockworkmod : let 's take a look at androidpolice : koush 's superuser is free and open source sources are available at github it supports jellybeans ( 4.2+ ) multiuser ( supersu does this as well ) it will never have a pais version , which would go against the whole open-source principle like supersu , it makes use of the new android.permission.ACCESS_SUPERUSER permission ( already used by several root-apps ) pin protection request timeout customize notifications x86 and arm support tablet optimized ( koush speaks of " tablet mode " , so no fear it would not do on a phone : ) read more in the linked post at androidpolice .
another thing that you may want to uncheck is the alerts for open wireless networks and forget all the networks your phone has already connected to , as most android phones are , by default , set up to re-connect to wireless networks they have already connected to . you can find these options , as matthew read said above , under settings > wireless and network .
you do not need an official " skin " . you just need to figure out what screen dimensions and memory capacity the device you want to test has and create a deployment target file .
on ics or later you can check this in your settings . go to Settings-&gt;Security-&gt;Trusted Credentials to see a list of all your trusted cas , separated by whether they were included with the system or installed by the user . earlier versions of android keep their certs under /system/etc/security in an encrypted bundle named cacerts.bks which you can extract using bouncy castle and the keytool program . the summary is to first pull the bundle using adb ( you need a root shell ) then you can use bouncy castle to list the contents of the bundle : there is also at least one app that you can try if you had prefer not to use the shell : cacertman ( requires root to modify the list , but should allow you to view the list without root ) . i believe it came about due to the diginotar fiasco since there were no particularly easy ways for a user to revoke the cert at the time . since the certs are stored differently on ics and later this app will only work on devices running gingerbread ( or earlier ) , but it is obsolete on ics/jb anyway .
microsd is generally hot swappable ( unlike sim card ) , but this thing screws things up . first , turn off the device . remove old microsd . clone it including .android_secure . insert new microsd while device is off . then , boot the device .
from the feeds screen click menu > more > import and export feeds . once you are in there you should see the option to change the email .
i find bluetooth connections with ubuntu to be a bit unreliable . i have tried it on a number of machines . i have also tried a variety of bluetooth adapters . i am not sure if it is the various adapters that i have been using . i tried to find a recommended bluetooth manufactor specification , but did not have luck . it is not clear what you mean by adb connect xxx . xxx . xxx . xxx it is my understanding that you have to specify a port when you use the adb to connect ( outside of using a direct connection from the usb ) . you can have very reliable transfers and connection using your usb or your wireless . since you make a reference to adb , i am sure you already have the android sdk package installed . so you have access to the adb transfer features ( push/pull ) , using the usb connection . to use the wireless connection for adb you have to first connect usb then activate the adb tcpip connection to your android . this is done by issuing the following command and specifying the port you want to use . after this activation you can unplug the usb cable and have adb wireless connection that will last until your android is rebooted . $ adb tcpip 5123  in this example i specified a port that would be unlikely to be a default port for an automatic connection such as an avd . after you have activated the wireless adb connection for the android you can connect to it by specifying it is ip address and port when issuing your connect command : $ adb connect 192.168.1.102:5123  i believe your problems connecting adb has to do with your connection setup and parameters .
you can ruin the processor , your data , and possibly your skin ( ouch ! ) . according to " risks of overclocking your cpu " [ aimed at desktop pcs ] , the risks include : success : the processor may overclock perfectly , and run stably for many years to come . there are thousands of people who have done this , and i am certainly not going to deny it . this is the best case outcome . immediate destruction : it is possible to totally destroy a processor by attempting to overclock it . by destruction , i mean that the processor will not boot at the higher speed , and when returned to its normal speed , will continue to not function . this is basically the worst case outcome . this sort of permanent failure is very rare , but it does happen . it is made more likely by using inadequate cooling , and also by being ridiculously aggressive in how far you try to overclock ( i.e. . , trying to run a pentium 75 at 166 mhz . ) non-functionality : the processor may not work at the new speed , but may work fine when returned to its original speed . this is a fairly common outcome when overclocking , and in most cases the processor will not be any the worse for wear . system instability : the processor may boot at the new speed , but you may see the system behave strangely . random hard lockups , parity errors , resource conflicts , strange hard disk problems , beeping , application crashes and [ your os ] refusing to boot are just the tip of the iceberg . particularly insidious are the overclocks that work almost perfectly , because that occasional crash may be due to your operating system , but it may be due to that overclocked chip also . electromigration : when the processor is run at a speed that is higher than it is supposed to be run at , there is a chance that the internal components in the processor may break down over time . the internal features of a cpu are sized in the range of microns . it is possible that when the processor is stressed by running at too high a frequency , along with the extra heat that overclocking incurs , that the actual metal lines inside the processor may form shorts or opens and damage the processor over a period of time . how likely this is to happen , and how long it takes is really not known . the system may work fine for a while and then suddenly stop working . and do not forget that higher speeds means higher heat -- your tiny pocket-sized squeeze-asmuch-as-possible-into-this-small-area has very little in the way of cooling fins . speed it up , and you might overheat . probably will not burn a hole in your pants , though . however , accordin to " big lou " @ modern processors are not harmed by overclocking . you are not altering the voltage , just the multiplier . if anything , the droid will not boot or may act funny , but once you revert back to a slower clock speed , it will be fine ( and that is for higher speeds , mind you ) . anything up to 1.3 is tested to work fine on the droid . heat may rise but the omap3 is rated to around 200 degrees fahrenheit . you will not be getting anywhere near that , and in case you do , you can always set setcpu to roll back the clock speed automatically . ymmv . note how the original text refers to 75 mhz pentiums . ha-hah-ha . this post @ overclockers . com covers the setcpu app , which can adjust speed vs battery performance , start times for clock boosting , etc .
after photos are added , they need to be scanned by the media-scanner before they will show up in gallery and other apps . normally , the app that creates the photo asks the media scanner directly to add the new photo , but in this case , because you have removed the . nomedia yourself , nothing has yet triggered the file to be scanned . you can find apps to trigger the rescan on google play , but be careful if your phone has kitkat or later : android changed the way media rescanning works , to save battery , so apps written for earlier android versions simply will not work on kitkat . alternatively , if the folder in question is on removable storage , simply remove it and then add it again , and android will re-scan the whole filesystem .
as with imap mails are stored centrally on the server , you can see all mails from all imap clients . you can automatically store sent mails to a " sent " folder ( instead of only send them and not storing them ) , which is configured on a per-client basis . i cannot tell for your desktop clients how to do this , but with k9 you can select the folder in menu &rarr ; more &rarr ; settings &rarr ; account settings &rarr ; folders &rarr ; folder for sent objects just in the folders menu , you will find some more special folders you can define ( e . g . for drafts ) . having your " sent " folder defined on all your clients ( and always having defined the same ) , you should be able to easily view your sent mails from all clients , regardless of the fact from which client a mail was sent .
it stops for me as well , so i am lead to believe that it only stores so many in the database . looking at it , it seems to be limited to 20 pages ( it does not even get to ' c ' for me ) .
the feature i was looking for is called ( on the apps i’ve found that have it ) “auto-dismiss” . i’m trying alarm clock xtreme free , which offers this feature ; if i’m happy with it i’ll upgrade to the paid version .
you could try and change it to a black wallpaper . there is a no wallpaper app on google play , which you install as a live wallpaper . it does not take a lot of resources .
sometimes there may be interference from other electronic / microwave equipment . in your router / access point 's settings change the channel and see if there is any improvement . also , do not be taken in so much by the bars displayed . very often , i see only 2 bars , but in the wifi settings , i see the signal strength displayed as excellent . the other usual rules apply - place your router as high as you can . place it away from other cordless phones or electronic devices that can generate interference .
i think you are referring to a hack commonly known as " apps-to-sd " ( a . k.a. " apps2sd " or " a2sd " on some forums ) . this is where you re-partition your sd card to have an ext2/3/4 partition after the main fat32 one , and then use a custom rom/kernel combination that allow moving certain parts of os to that partition . namely , all 3rd-party downloaded apps , phone 's cache , and in some cases app data and dalvik-cache . also keep in mind that as with all custom roms and kernels , this needs to be built for a specific device , so you will need to find a rom with built-in apps-to-sd support for your specific handset . this trick does free up a portion of internal memory for use as ram . however , as with most such solutions there are many cons to be aware of . sd card needs to be re-partitioned in a very particular way ( data will be lost during partitioning , so back it up . ) speed rating of the sd card will play a large role in the system 's overall performance and stability . slower cards will cause delays in apps starting up , for example . the phone will not be able to function if you remove the sd card , since the 2nd ext partition is now used by the phone as if it was part of its internal memory . extra wear and tear on the sd card from excessive writes . unlike the eprom in flash memory , the sd cards are not really designed for many write cycles , so as time goes on you will find the card wearing out sooner than usual . device will not be as stable . you may see anr ( application not responding ) messages more often , as even the fastest sd cards are still much slower than the internal flash memory . data corruption on the sd card is a real issue , and can render your phone inoperable , requiring a complete re-flashing of the rom and loss of all data . so have recent backups always , and preferably not on the sd card itself .
i finally found the solution ( actually i even had left it behind . . . ) . sometime after i posted this question i create another folder and after a while it began to have the same problem . today i realized that both folder had one common caracteristic : they contained characters beyond the basic ascii table ( one was called " músicas " and the other , " vídeos " . when i renamed them ( "musicas " and " videos " , respectively ) , the issue was solved .
you could use widgetlocker to add your favorite world clock widget to the lock screen . you can find these widgets by searching the play store .
the wildfire s uses a microusb cable , same as the galaxy sii , it should work fine
you did not say what phone you have , or what android version , so here 's a summary . physical cables if your phone supports mhl and your tv does as well ( almost all hdmi tvs do ) , then you can connect the phone to the tv with an mhl cable . there are two kinds of cables : a standard one , and a special one for certain kinds of samsung phones . see how does mhl work ? for more details . usually , the tv mirrors the phone screen ( i.e. . it displays the same thing at the same resolution ) , but android offers apps a way to display different content on the tv screen . this is commonly used by media players and presentation apps . the oldest hdmi tvs do not support mhl , so you will need a slightly different type of adaptor to connect your phone . you can tell these adaptors because they have an extra input for an external power supply ( often a micro-usb socket ) . apart from that , it works the same way . if your phone supports slimport some phones use slimport instead of mhl , such as the nexus 4 . you can not tell by looking at the phone : both slimport and mhl use the usb-on-the-go connector . you have to know which one your phone uses . with the appropriate adaptor , you can connect your slimport phone to any hdmi , displayport , or vga input . just like mhl , once you have done this the tv screen will mirror the phone screen , or some apps can display different content . if your phone supports hdmi a few phones and tablets have mini-hdmi or micro-hdmi outputs , but this has largely been replaced by mhl and slimport . if you do have one of these outputs , you will need the appropriate cable to connect it to an hdmi input , and just like mhl or slimport , it'll mirror the phone screen , or display different content in apps that support it . chromecast if you have a chromecast and android 4.4 or later and your tv has hdmi input , then you can use that to mirror the phone screen on the tv wirelessly . plug the chromecast into your tv , and use the chromecast app to help set it up . as with mhl , android also offers apps a way to display different content on the tv screen . if you have a chromecast and earlier android versions you can still use chromecast with media player apps that support it , including youtube , play movies , and the gallery on some devices . you just can not mirror the phone display to the tv .
you will need to get one of samsung 's hdmi adapters . the tab 7 plus , 8.9 and 10.1 do not support the old rca adapter , to my knowledge . the page for the adapter also has a search bar where you can enter your specific device 's model number to ensure that it will be compatible . at that point , i believe it works like other honeycomb tablets in that it will simply mirror to the tv automatically after being plugged in .
there is a forum post at xda-developers which details a fairly involved and definitely for the faint at heart . however , do not follow that guide , it is included only for posterity , and there is an easier way to skin your particular cat . at this point , cue the huge disclaimer that a lot of things might go wrong when doing this , and always be sure to follow the instructions as closely as possible . when in doubt , ask . also , while this guide probably will not change much between versions of the recovery tool , always read the official documentation first and use this as a handy checklist . revolutionary whiskey tango foxtrot is revolutionary ? brought to you by the same guys that worked on unrevoked and alpharev which have been traditionally used to root htc devices , revolutionary is a new s-off and recovery tool for next-generation devices . the list of currently supported devices is here . okay , what do i need to do ? download revolutionary . versions for windows and linux are available . windows users : download and install also these fastboot drivers . when downloading , also request a beta key . select your device type , and put in your serial number . if you are running the stock rom , your device s/n should be in Settings-&gt;About Phone-&gt;Phone Identity-&gt;Device Serial Number . if you are running a custom rom , this number might not be there , so you can either check the box your device came from , or ( better ) find it on a sticker below your battery . it is a good idea to also write this down somewhere for future reference . you can find the hboot version of your device , in case there are several , by booting it into recovery mode : turn your device off , then turn it on while holding simultaneously the volume down key and the power button . the hboot version should be visible somewhere on the recovery screen . okay , now you have everything you need . make a backup of your phone . no , seriously , make a backup of your sd card and any application information you had like to keep . contacts , smses , and everything you can think of . better safe than sorry . there are free tools on the market that can help you . if you are going to install custom roms , now would be the time to copy them to the device 's sd card . extract the revolutionary archive in a convenient location on your computer , and run the executable ( revolutionary or revolutionary.exe , depending on your platform ) . connect your device to the computer . remember to enable usb debugging when doing so ( Settings-&gt;Applications-&gt;Development ) . when prompted for the beta key , supply what your key , and then follow the instructions on screen ( basically , confirm a few times that you do indeed know what you are doing ) . it might take a few minutes , and your device will reboot a few times . it worked , and my phone 's not even bricked ! welcome to the club ! flash a snazzy new rom like a king , and enjoy responsibly your newly-gained privileges . some things you might want to do , though : before doing anything else , make a backup of your stock rom from the recovery mode , in case you had like to restore it later ( for example , to take advantage of the device warranty , or when selling it ) . if you are only after a root without installing a custom rom , then you will also need to install the superuser application from the recovery . if you had rather flash a custom rom , you will not need this , most roms also includes superuser as a part of their base install . for information how to install your rom of choice , consult the documentation supplied by the rom vendor .
night clock works well for me ( screenshot below ) , and there are probably plenty of others in the market . a search for " big clock " turns up a fair number of hits that seem relevant .
sounds like a hardware problem to me , like the internal power supply . fixing would probably require a change of the logic board . if the device is still under warranty , i would just return it as defective .
from the home screen hit the menu button and go to settings > applications > manage applications . make sure yo are in the " all applications " tab so you see the system apps and choose " contact storage " and click " clear data " . this will delete all your contacts without disturbing anything else .
add the language parameter to the end of the url : https://market.android.com/?hl=enlr=lang_en
xda has reported that the bootloader is unlocked , and custom kernels have successfully been flashed to the sgsii .
short answer : yes and no . using three accounts will not run the battery down in itself : by far the bigger factor is how much activity there is . to take an example , gmail uses push messages ( via google cloud messaging , gcm ) to notify your phone of new mail , so the phone does not have to repeatedly poll the server for new messages for each account . because of this , adding a new account that never gets any email will have hardly any effect on battery use . otoh , doubling the amount of email you get will have a much bigger effect , because gcm is waking up your phone twice as often . while adding a new account makes little difference on its own , you are probably adding the account because it is going to get mail , so you will end up using the battery more . the same applies to other services too . even for anything that does poll instead of using gcm , android is clever enough to do all the polling tasks at the same time , to avoid repeatedly waking up your phone . this means that checking two accounts uses a little more battery than checking one , but less than twice as much : again , the amount of work it is doing each update ( how much data it is fetching ) is a bigger factor . to address your particular situation , i would guess that the background updates on your phone are not using nearly as much battery as the foreground things you are doing . do not forget you check the battery use of each app in the device settings .
looks like your standard charset problem . the file 's in utf-16 and the app only supports utf-8 , or you do not have the font for the " weird " characters , etc . more than likely there is nothing you can do ; android internationalization support is pretty bad and most apps do not even try .
go to Menu &gt; More &gt; Settings , make sure that " email notifications " is checked then " select ringtone > silent " and " vibrate > for all gmail notifications " .
this seems to be a limitation of either the xperia mini pro camera software or the hardware itself . the camera that came with the stock samsung galaxy s vibrant ( sgh-t959 ) i could pause and resume recording of video . i am now running cyanogenmod on the device , and i can also pause and resume recording . so either the developers did not want to include that functionality in the camera software , or the hardware has something that prevents them from allowing it .
theres 's an app for that . see fing .
the default keyboard does not have the redo/undo features . however you can try some third-party keyboard app like ai type keyboard which have these features .
on xda , in the user profile of astarioth , there is a link mentioned in the " most thanked " tab : https://dl.dropbox.com/s/vprplelu9zx7s2o/kindle_fire_usb_driver.rar?dl=1 ( and this is the xda post thanked for ) . the name of the .rar archive suggests it holds your wanted drivers -- and the quote [ . . . ] uninstall your old kindle usb driver and install this one . confirms my guess : ) now , why did not you find it in your sdk directory , you might ask ? guess that is as it goes with apples and peaches . you assumed google 's android sdk -- while amazon has its own android sdk . and that line most likely referred to the latter , while you have the former installed . also only a guess -- but i would say i guessed right again ? you might want to read setting up your development environment , take a special look at the section installing sdk add-ons . if you work with eclipse , this gives you another source to get to the kindle drivers .
open whatsapp , either press the ... overflow button in the top right corner of the screen , and select Settings , or press your phone 's menu button , and then select Settings . then select Notifications , which should be the bottom option on the list at the moment , and tap Notification Tone . this will let you browse to find another sound file to use for your whatsapp notifications .
just from my readings , i think choosing the option to clear credential storage ( removes all certificates ) may allow swipe . even if there are no certificates , you may need to explicitly use that option to clear certificates .
yes , there is , both from the device , or using google play on a ' regular computer ' . using your mobile device open the google play store app touch the play store icon and select my apps . visit the all category . select an app you’d like to install , then touch the install button on the app’s detail page . using your computer visit your my apps page on google play . select an app to view its detail page . click the button that says install or installed and select the device where you’d like to install the app . note : when an app shows an " installed " button on its detail page , it means that the app is installed on one of the devices associated with your google account . click install .
as a final resort , i tried doing a full wipe and reinstalling cm10 m1 completely , without restoring any settings or apps from any old installations . the issue still persists ! any files created with my now " old " cm10 installation no longer appear , even when they are moved within a folder where other " new " files are shown and working . switching back to aokp also did not solve the issue , so the issue does not only persist over reinstalls of cm but also across roms . what finally solved this issue for me was reformatting my /sdcard partition with the newest version of cwm recovery . this might not be a very clean solution , but in my case i needed to clean up the sdcard anyway . if formatting is not an option , try the other answer posted here regarding .nomedia files , i had no success with it as i was unable to find those files .
well- things have changed- as of today , all you need to do is backup the . apk files to your sd card using the backup app of your choice ( there are free ones like astro- ) and then get an app called " app installer " -- when you update the rom- you can re-install all of your apps with the app installer-- app installer has not been around too long-- i personally use titanium-- it has some good features , but it costs money . worth every cent , imho . also- you may not actually need to wipe the data and system before you update the rom--- so long as you are upgrading the rom and not switching to a different rom . ( if the chef says wipe , then wipe-- ) but a lot of times , you can get away with only wiping davlik+cache
download apex launcher-- it has full support for themes and transitions , icons , etc- for icon packs , " adw icons " is a good keyword to use- since apex will use adw icons .
the launcher on the moto g is indeed almost identical to the stock android launcher - but not the google experience launcher that is seen on nexus devices running android 4.4+ .
since you specifically mention twrp in your question , i will just use it as my example . note that cwm or any other possible android recovery project will also apply . it looks like there is a slight misconception at play . i will just drop a few clarifying notes here : twrp is indeed an image to be flashed . flashing twrp does not overwrite your bootloader . twrp is not a bootloader replacement - it is recovery software . it is a drop-in replacement for android 's stock open-source recovery mode , and therefore has the access needed to do things like create/restore backups root devices install official updates so the short answer is : yes ! it is indeed possible to root without overwriting the stock bootloader ! a few more notes : twrp ( and cwm recovery ) is a mature ( several years old and quite stable ) open-source project that is used by a huge portion of the android community and considered very trustworthy . flashing twrp will replace the contents of /recovery/ . you generally need to use the stock bootloader in order to select the boot-to-recovery option in order to use twrp .
yes , you can delete the stock email ( email . apk ) and stock calendar ( calendar . apk , calendarprovider . apk ) app . for a list of other apps you can delete on cyanogenmod , see the expandable list at the bottom of the cm wiki . i am not so sure for aosp though .
i do not think this is a design feature . . . i am not able to reproduce this at all ( except for scrolling down a bit : ) . however , as the android market app is not the most stable app on the android platform , you might want to try clearing the market app cache . go to settings - applications - manage applications - select android market app - click the clear cache button . restart the market app and check if the checkbox is present .
go to your phone settings menu . under Accessibility , click the checkbox for Power button ends call . be careful using this with bluetooth . i have accidentally ended calls because i wanted to put the phone in my pocket ; i pressed the power button ( do not want my touchscreen active : i might accidentally end the call ! ) , and the call ended .
its actually ok to install gapps , or any other zip packages ( if they are meant to be flashed ) , after cyanogenmod has been installed . you had use the install zip from sdcard option while in recovery mode ( presumably clockworkmod , if you followed cm 's install guide ) to flash the gapps zip file . then reboot your device and after that you will notice that it will take a little longer to start up with a message saying " android is upgrading " . wait for that to finish and then you will see all of the google apps installed .
if you disable the Off-road mode in opera then it plays the video rather than downloading it .
opening adb on an unsecured connection is a major security risk . on an unrooted phone , it gives access to your entire filesystem . on a rooted phone , it gives access to your entire filesystem with write permissions . the connection is not encrypted and there is no password or key exchange to access adb . it is just a bad idea . beyond that , your carrier may not even allow traffic over 5555 ( the standard adb port ) , they may be proxying your traffic , or there may be other complicating factors . also , setting up ssh should not be difficult . i use sshdroid all the time . i can get a secure shell from any wifi connection , and it works great for wireless file transfer . you could set up a task to turn on sshdroid whenever the device connects to wifi and another to send you the ip . technically , you can even run it without wifi , but i generally would not recommend it , as it is still open to vulnerabilities , which would lead to problems similar to leaving adb open ( although somewhat less likely since ssh is designed to be secure ) . finally , there are a number of apps that are built specifically for locating your phone . motorola includes this feature with motoblur , which can also wipe your phone remotely . there are other free and paid alternatives that can do this as well . if your phone is actually stolen , these are going to be much better than any back door you open for yourself .
if you want to save new message as draft , it works the following way : open hello sms and click on '+' button . type in your contacts and your message in their respective fields . you can exit app by pressing either ' back ' button or ' home ' button . both way it handles the draft . now when you again open app , just click on '+' button and you will have your previously entered contacts and your message body in their respective fields . update : if you want to save multiple drafts , it works the following way : open thread of the recipient to whom you wanna send text and type in your message . you can exit app and when you return again , just open respective recipient 's thread and you will find your draft message . you can have multiple drafts for multiple contacts in their respective message threads .
i believe it is related to this issue : onsignalstrengthschanged returns unknown signal strength where android return wrong strength on galaxy s2 .
no , there is no common shortcut to close/exit any program . the " android way " is to let the os decide when to actually close/exit an application . just hit the " home " button or the " recent apps " buttons to switch to another application when you are done with the current application , or tap the physical power button to turn off the screen . the os will take responsibility for deciding when to suspend and when to terminate a background application . it generally does a good job of this , but some people cannot stand this behavior and so install task manager applications to explicitly terminate background applications .
open the camera app and press the button that looks like a camera with a circular arrow under it . ( original picture from this article about ics on thetechlabs.com )
i have the same problem here in brazil . last year , i bought a galaxy s , and the photos had that red color in the center . i went to the store and exchanged it for another one , which had the same problem . i went to the store and returned it . i decided for an iphone 4 . now , i got bored with iphone 4 and this week i bought another galaxy s , it has the same problem ( red color in the center of the photo ) , but i decided to keep it anyway . for what i see in your post , the red color is a general problem . i just don’t understand why the samsung has not already corrected that problem . i have made some tests with the camera , and noticed that the problem occurs in low light conditions , especially under incandescent light , but outdoors the picture is normal . maybe the problem could be correct by some software or an update for samsung . i looked over in the internet and didn’t find any solution . so , if somebody knows a solution , please post it here .
i believe this issue has to do with installing a rom over another one without wiping . my particular rom is apex 9.3 . according to the associated xda forum thread , freezing problems with this rom have been solved by " a complete wipe including formatting sdcard , system , cache and data when flashing 9.0" . i have done so , wiping the data and cache in recovery mode , reinstalled the rom , and i have gone a week without a severe lockup ( severe meaning i have to restart the phone to get out of it ) . i have had an occasional 5 second freeze or so , but that is it . update : still had issues with freeze-ups . turned out it was the rom . went to a new rom and have not experienced freezes .
try quickpic .
there should be an option to remove non-primary google accounts if you go to settings -> accounts and sync -> ( the google account ) , tap the three-dot menu in the top right corner and select remove account .
yes , on august 3rd 2012 google listen was discontinued and is no longer available on google play . if you already have it , it will continue to work , but on november 1st 2012 , the podcast search will cease to work . this project was very limited in functionality anyway . there are other apps out there that are updated and actively worked on . i think the last time google listen was updated was a couple months after it came out in 2009 . a lot of the podcast apps out there now can make use of the " listen subscriptions " folder that is in google reader . this is where google listen stored your subscribed podcasts . i continue to use reader to store my podcasts in this location , then i import it to the player on my phone .
google play services is a library used by other google and third-party apps . it allows apps to use : google maps layers to show maps in other apps google+ sign-on and sharing the new google+ gaming functionality for match-making , leaderboards , and to store saved games " in the cloud " google cloud messaging to sync data from the internet to your device efficiently location services to set up " geo-fences " so they can respond to locations and activities more efficiently than if they accessed your location directly it is a lot of functionality that could have been made part of android itself , but making it a separate library allows google to update it directly , so app developers can rely on it being up-to-date on every device : unlike android itself , which some manufacturers and carriers do not bother to update for older devices . if you were to remove it , any apps that rely on it would stop working or behave unpredictably .
you can use a Variable Split action with a splitter of / to get the pieces , then use %VAR(&lt;) to get the filename . if the fact that the full filename is in an array already gives you problems , copy the array element into a non-array variable first . from your comments , it sounds like you have this code : it is probably not a good idea to use %files as both the " variable " and the " items " portion of the for loop . try using %file for the variable , then replace all references to %files inside the loop with %file . please correct me if i have not captured your code correctly .
it is Download mode you boot the device into to use Odin . i have included a bit more info if you wanted anything deeper . see this post " what is download mode " as for download mode , for example odin is commonly used on samsung devices to flash roms , those devices needs to be in download mode prior to flashing . however , odin is not the official way to do it , rather kies , is the official route in upgrading the firmware , this is for samsung devices for example . you can boot into recovery mode also to use your recovery to make backups , wipe data , flash roms directly on the device . xda wiki on android recovery and here is a short extract . recovery is stored in a disk partition separate from the main android partitions ( boot/kernel , root/system ) . it contains its own linux kernel , separate from the kernel of the main android system . because of separate kernel+recovery_apps , the device is able to boot into the recovery mode even if the main system is broken , allowing the user a set of tools to fix the device . the recovery is completely independent of the android system . see here for the cyanogenmod wiki on fastboot and an extract : fastboot is a small tool that comes with the android sdk ( software developer kit ) that can be used to re-flash partitions on your device . it is an alternative to the recovery mode for doing installations and updates . because fastboot mode can start on your device even before android loads ( and can even run when android is not installed at all ) , fastboot mode is useful for updating the firmware quickly , without having to use a recovery mode . in fact , it is frequently the preferred way to initially install the recovery image on many devices . fastboot can also be used for developer operations like unlocking the bootloader of google 's nexus devices .
you can try to diagnose the problem yourself , or at least get a little more info by turning on a couple of developer diagnostics . in settings , scroll down to developer options . under the " input " section , check " show touches " . this will cause a small ( white ) circle to show on the screen where ever you touch it . if you do not see the circle ( which might be under your finger , so look carefully ) , you know it did not register your touch . if you see the circle lagging , then you know it registered your touch and is just being slow for other reasons . under " monitoring " , you may want to turn on " show cpu usage " and " strict mode enabled . " " show cpu usage " will show you what is running as a little overlay in the top right of the screen . the top line of the display shows the system cpu load . see this excellent write up of what the load numbers mean . if the load is high , your little nexus-7 " strict mode enabled " will " flash screen when apps do long operations on the main thread . " if your screen flashes , then you know something is hogging the cpu .
this depends on the manufacturer of the device the provider where you bought your device . the manufacturer pre-installs some applications . also the provider may pre-install some applications . so this does not depend on the android version but on the manufacturer and/or provider .
you could consider using an app locker , e.g. smart applock ( app protector ) . photos are taken by the camera app , regardless of whether you invoke it from the app drawer , a shortcut , widget , or via pressing the camera button . so if you lock the camera app ( and the playstore app , so the user does not simply install an alternative camera app -- also make sure to disable unknown-sources and lock the settings app ) , only somebody knowing the password/pattern you have set up to protect those apps can use them . explanation : while blocking access to the camera app , this does not affect the barcode scanner . the barcode scanner for sure accesses the camera hardware , but not the camera app : the latter would not know what it aquires ( just that it focusses on " something " , but it is not recognizing what this " something " is and so would not know whether it aquired a barcode correctly ) . you can also verify this by checking the permissions the barcode app asks for : its permission list will for sure include Hardware controls: Take pictures and videos , which means it accesses the hardware directly . for accessing it via another app ( e . g . the camera ) , it would not need this permission but rather call that app via an " intent " ( see : what is intent in android ? ) , so that called app would do the intended action .
assuming all other tablets are of identical model to the original , it should be as easy as rooting them , installing cwm , and then restoring the nandroid backup you made with the original one . keep in mind that nandroid utility does not back up the contents of the sd card . if duplicating the sd card is also required , that would need to be done separately .
clearing downloads will only clear it from the list of downloads . to delete files that have been cleared from the list , you would need to do so directly from the sd card 's download folder , either with your computer or using a file manager like astro .
i do not know that there is a definite way to answer this . it would be almost entirely dependent on how exactly the app was attempting to infect your phone and how successful its attempts were . in the simplest case , maybe the app is sniffing data or something of that sort . for that case , uninstalling would basically remove the threat since the app would be gone . nothing is left behind when you uninstall , including the /data directories for the app . slightly more complex would be an app that put a malicious payload somewhere on your system 's publicly writeable storage . in that case removing the app would not necessarily be enough , depending on what exactly the payload did and how it was designed . uninstalling could potentially cause the malicious code to become inert on reboot since the app may need to fire up a service on boot , but that is hard to say . formatting your sd card and doing a factory reset would probably clean it up in its entirety . the most nefarious case would be an app that gained elevated privileges on your device , either through an exploit or effective social engineering in which you grant access yourself . in that case a factory reset would not necessarily be enough , since the entirety of the /system partition would be unaffected . if the app were to stick a payload on /system then the only way you could really be sure you are clean is if you completely wiped all of the internal memory of the device and then reinstalled a new rom , i would say . even worse would be if it somehow managed to write a malicious bootloader or something of that nature , since in some circumstances it is possible to write to the bootloader partition from userspace ( given proper permissions ) .
this is a crash and restart of the android runtime , without a crash and reboot of the underlying linux operating system kernel . the uptime refers to the underlying linux , so it is maintained across the framework restart . the difference between a framework crash and restart vs . a kernel crash and reboot is not very apparent to the end user , since there is no visual console while the gui is down ; from a debugging perspective though they are very different and imply bugs in different parts of the system . for point of comparison , if you connect to a device by adb ( and i think this even works on a secured , ie not rooted one ) , you can cause a framework restart by typing stop ; start  and a reboot by typing reboot  you may or may not see any difference in sequence of splash screens , though the framework restart may be a little faster than a reboot .
yes , you should be able to install a wifi only rom manually , i`ve just gone to ics with 3g and its great . found these links useful : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bfhwd2nxw1u http://www.icsforums.com/forum/showthread/6398 http://forum.xda-developers.com/wiki/motorola_xoom hope this helps
when you leave an app that was running in the screen , it stops running , but android keeps its process in memory . this means that next time you want that app in the foreground , or next time it runs a service in the background ( e . g . to check for email ) , the app can run again without android having to load it from storage again . this means it starts faster and uses less battery . apps that have been kept alive but not running in this way are called cached background processes . they still use some ram , but android will automatically remove them from ram if it needs to free it up for running apps , so they do not affect the amount of ram available to other apps .
there is not an asus one and a google one : both the nexus 7 models are asus-google collaborations . all nexus devices are design collaborations between google and another device manufacturer ( asus , samsung , or lg ) . that said , the two models are completely different , with different socs , screens , and cameras . the original nexus 7 ( aka nakasi ) has a slightly-over-720p screen , powered by a tegra 3 , and only one camera . the 2013 model ( aka razor ) has a 1920x1200 screen , two cameras , and a snapdragon soc . roms are not compatible between the two .
i can understand your concern , but i have also never seen a film that specifically covers the camera lens window . i have not used a zagg , but other screen films i have purchased in the past included the excess film on the card - if the zagg included this you could possibly cut your own square or circle to cover the lens window . otherwise i would suggest checking your retailer of choice for another inexpensive film that you can use to cut your own window from . in the past i have purchased screen protectors on clearance from places like staples , walmart , etc for obsolete devices so i could cut them to protect camera screens , etc .
this looks like what you want . basically , any rom that says it is a " gpe " rom or a " google play edition " rom will be what you are after . to get the google apps you will need to flash a gapps package such as the paranoidandroid ones - you can just choose the " stock " package . flash those after flashing the rom and you will have a pre-rooted , dev version rom .
i have successfully modified the build . prop on my samsung vibrant to mimic that of the i9000 , allowing me to get i9000 apps from the samsung app store . so something similar might work for you . see how can i modify the phone model in build . prop to get unsupported apps ?
it depends . is it factory sim-unlocked , has it been unlocked through official channels , or has it been hack-unlocked ? if it is either of the first two , you should be fine through any software updates . if it is been hacked unlocked though , i would be careful of updates until someone confirms it working .
if you type on a terminal console : ls -l /d lrwxrwxrwx root root 2013-01-01 01:00 d -&gt; /sys/kernel/debug/  meaning /d is a symlink to that other folder , probably there for compatibility with old versions . so now the question is : what is /sys/kernel/debug/ ? that folder is used to mount debugfs filesystem and it is used , as the name suggests , to debug kernel . kernel must be compiled with config_debug_fs option set to yes , so that is maybe the reason why some phones have files in it and some do not . one important thing to note is that debugfs is a ram based filesystem , so afaik it is using ram space not disk space . more info http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/debugfs
we can now edit google docs with our mobile with the official app : ) more information can be found in this blog entry from the official google documents blog .
to answer my own question : i found swipeswitcher lite and am using this to easily launch quickdroid . swipeswitcher is a very simple app which just adds a small invisble overlay on the left and right edges of the screen . it let 's you configure each overlay to launch an app ( or go the the previous/next app in the default configuration ) . so i configured the left edge to launch quickdroid and kept the right edge at the default config . now i can quickly launch quickdroid by swiping from the left edge of the screen . to launch an app all i do now is swipe , type 2 - 3 characters , and select the app . and as an added bonus , i can quickly go back to the previous app by swiping from the right edge of the screen . so far i really like this very simple solution . it is similar to other suggested solutions such as fliplauncher and swipepad , except that swipeswitcher does not replace the homescreen and immediately launches one single app . i also had a look at google search launcher , as that promised to be exactly what i wanted to use the android built-in tablet search . however , this really just launches the google search , so it is still not in ' tablet search mode ' by default and still shows search suggestions . it also makes the homesceeen inaccessible and was rather slow . it seemed promising but was a rather dissapointing . update : i just found another very nice solution . if you have tasker installed , you can install assistant event for tasker . then you can create a task which will launch quickdroid ( or any app of your choice ) when using the gesture which would normally open google now ( the " google assistant " gesture ) .
it depends on your device and what app you are using . on my droid 1 running froyo if i add my own cell # to my contacts the default messaging app uses the avatar that is set with that contact entry . if you add this it may take a little while for everything to sync up and for the pic to begin to display . in handcent sms you can set custom contact specific avatars .
according to this blog post , you need a 3.5mm -> rca/phono cable , and it goes in the headphone socket of the phone .
it is been reported as a known issue on code . google . com . there is a long list of 79 comments which seem to indicate that rooting and adding a program called " autostarts " fixes the problem . this is obviously not something everyone is going to want to do . . . be careful if you go that route .
i found one . there is an app called microcom that is part of some newer busybox packages . i used the latest busybox ( 1.9.3 ) that could be installed by busybox pro ( steven stericson ) from the android market . i replaced busybox 1.9.3cm that came with my rom and which did not have microcom . with that busybox you just have to open a terminal ( i used btep ) and type microcom . the short help file will be displayed . using it can be as simple as : microcom -s 115200 /dev/ttyUSB0  i am still interested in a more full-featured version -- something more like minicom . but at least microcom gets the minimal job done for now . if no one offers a more full featured app than microcom , i will accept my answer in a few days .
actually , this is pretty easy . there are two workable answers i can offer : if you have google apps for your organization , you can simply turn on contact sharing and make sure everyone adds their google apps account to their phone . if you do not have google apps or do not want to use contact sharing , simply set up a single dummy gmail/google apps account for every person to add to their phone . any contacts added to this account , be it via a phones or via the gmail contacts book , will appear on every phone whenever a sync happens . to add another account to your phone : Settings-&gt;Accounts and sync-&gt;Add account  after adding the account on the phone , make sure you click on it again and set syncing to just contacts and not gmail , calendar , etc ( unless you want these )
this article describes the next release of skype for android ( v . 2.1 ) which now supports 17 phones on video chat . the answer before was directing to other services or modified versions of skype , but this is official , so i thought i would post it .
most hsdpa / edge cdma networks do not support data and voice at the same time . cdma modern gsm networks ( including 3g and hsdpa , but not edge ) do , and lte will , so i am not sure why you are having this problem . it is possible that dual-transfer mode may not be enabled on your phone . alternatively , your network might not support it . ( info on dtm . )
edit honestly , i am not 100% sure that this was really a problem related to the kernel . i think that the " problem " could be also caused by the fact that pressing the home key in recovery mode results in a reboot . the correct way to select a recovery item is to press the power button . original post i had the same issue two days ago . the problem was the kernel . after switching to the kernel that was mentioned a few wiki changes before it worked like a charm . kernel : http://cmw.22aaf3.com/aries/gt-i9000/root/hardcore-speedmod-i9000.zip md5: afccda1f4efb560398dd5bc107bb7a69 i even ( re- ) added this information but it was again reverted . :- (
this happened on my nexus - you just have to reboot your device , and the icon will show up . most likely niantic changed the launcher activity , so the short cut is no longer pointing to the correct activity , hence the error message . rebooting the device/restarting the launcher , and then re-adding the home screen shortcut will fix this .
it will not be on the windows filesystem . the emulator makes a .img file that it then mounts as the virtual sd card . so , to answer your question , the file is stored in the sdcard .img file in the avd folder . ( you may be able to extract it using winrar or another unzip utility . check the C:\Users\&lt;your username&gt;\.android\avd\&lt;avd name&gt;\sdcard.img ) edit : this program claims to mount .img files . i am using ubuntu though , so cannot test sorry .
i based my opinion on the phones i have used so far , but it seems , new devices do not care about usb mode , they just work . i used mtp and my android ide recognized the device . it made my day .
in gb 2.3 , the fonts folder is located in /system/fonts , how it works is this , for a font face , it copies the fonts to the original droid fonts names at the same time retaining the pre-defined font names in place . in my rom , i have this , from adb shell , notice how the names are retained but are in fact roboto fonts ! : ) sounds like the fonts are installed into a different name in which the rom is not picking it up . for example , suppose the font 's name is ' myfont . ttf ' and that gets copied over , but is not copied into ' droidsans . ttf ' . . . just a guess . btw , what android is that rom you are referring to ? edit : it has been ascertained that this is honeycomb ( android 3.2.1 ) . do the following : plug in cable to toshiba thrive from command line , issue this , adb shell ls /system/fonts select all the text of that output , copy to clipboard , and go to http://www.pastebin.com and create a new paste , paste in the contents and it will create a linky for everyone to see , put that linky into the comments below and will look at it : )
not sure which task manager you are using -- but some devices/android versions distinguish running apps from services . on my droid2 running gingerbread , i find running apps at apps-> apps in the " running " tab , while services show up at apps-> active services . parts of google maps ( which is the navigation app you probably refer to ) are implemented as services , as e.g. the " location service " which keeps checking your gps or wifi based location in the background . i never used navigation itself , but i imagine this is handled similarly .
this icon simply means that there are more notifications to show , but there is not enough space left in the top status bar to show all notification icons ( that is why it does not have a matching notification ) .
it is just a maintenance update for bug fixes . this is the best i can find : revision 3 ( march 2012 ) maintenance update . the system version is 4.0.4 . note : this system image includes support for emulator hardware graphics acceleration when used with sdk tools r17 or higher . ( more info ) http://developer.android.com/sdk/android-4.0.3.html unofficial change log revision change log and more details
clearing the app cache ( and data ) seems to have resolved the issue for me .
the key was to delete the telephony application . this tables has no phone . after deleting the following built-in applications , telephonyprovider and phone , a new icon appeared in the top box , it was a signal bar strength icon with an x in it . now the " cell standby " no longer appears , and the battery lasts 3-5 hours depending on what i am doing .
these are called dialer codes , so naturally try typing it into your dialer as if it were a phone number . i just did it on my vibrant and got this : WlanTest Engineering Mode Status... Unloading Normal Driver and Loading Mfg Driver Driver loading successful 
you could install the android sdk on your computer . this would give you the possibility to access your device 's storage via the command line using e.g. adb push and adb pull . if that is not the level of comfort you want , there are also graphical tools utilizing adb : adb fileexplorer is a minimalistic frontend to copy files from/to the device . it is freely available from the xda developers ( simply follow the link ) . it is written in java , and thus should run on nearly all operating systems used on desktop computers . if you want a little more comfort , then there is also adbbrowser . available for linux and windows ( 32-bit and 64-bit ) , it offers also an app-browser . and last but not least , there is qtadb available for linux , mac and windows ( again 32-bit and 64-bit ) , full of useful features like file manager , app manager , device information , sms , shell , screenshots , logcat , backup/restore . . . take a pick . of course , there are many more possibilities . if your device is rooted , there are several apps available on the playstore which permit full access to the local file system remotely .
it is samsung software , built into the system in certain samsung phones . like the dropbox app , it is a service to automatically upload photos you take on your phone ; it connects to your " samsung account " if you create one . it also integrates with dropbox to sync photos to the device gallery ; if you have " camera upload " turned on in dropbox as well , this probably results in your phone having two copies of each photo : the usual one , and one in cloudagent 's storage . you can change its settings by going into the main settings app and choosing cloud from the applications manager list ( in the device section ) . you can clear its data and disable it , or " freeze " the app if your device is rooted , and the only consequence is that photos from dropbox will not show up in gallery . if you have the dropbox app installed as well , dropbox can still sync ( and automatically upload photos ) without cloudagent running .
you can install a third-party homescreen ( launcher ) app which supports gestures . some examples : holo launcher hd , apex launcher , nova launcher . note that such gestures will work only when the launcher is active ( i.e. . , they are not global gestures accessible from any app ) , and may be eaten by scrollable widgets if they are present at the homescreen , and you start the gesture inside such widget . globally accessible gestures are possible too ( e . g . , there are apps such as swipepad ) , however , this will increase resource consumption , because such app must be running all the time and listening for touch events , and also may conflict with other apps .
long tapping on a playlist brings an option to delete . looks like you do not want to use it because you have gazillions of playlists . so , do this : simply , clear data of winamp from Settings ~> Applications ~> Manage Applications . it'll make your winamp install fresh like when it was installed . the only thumbs down thing is that settings of winamp will be reset to default and you will need to re-configure them , but its not a big thing . update : after some brainstorming , i found that winamp stores playlists in a database externally . on my smartphone its : /data/data/com.android.providers.media/databases/external-xxxxxxx.db where xxxxxxx are numbers which are different on two devices i checked . use root explorer to delete this database after mounting /data partition with r/w access ( root access is required ) .
armv6 and armv7 are two different versions of cpu architecture developed by arm . armv6 is older and armv7 is newer . armv6 was used in arm11 and arm cortex-m cpu families . armv7 is used in arm cortex-a , arm cortex-m ( newer ) , arm cortex-r cpu families . there are many feature differences which are off-topic on this website , but you can check this . the main difference is armv7 requires high memory but gives high performance which is opposite for armv6 .
use android-vnc-viewer to mirror the desktop pc screen , and control the desktop i had another question on android[dot]stackexchange.com: ( in using a vnc to control a computer , is it possible to have the cursor go to where you touch ? - android [ dot ] stackexchange [ dot ] com/questions/34668/in-using-a-vnc-to-control-a-computer-is-it-possible-to-have-the-cursor-go-to-wh ) in the question , i included a video : remote control of ubuntu with android-vnc-viewer - www.youtube.com/watch?v=stkx6qmbgck#t=0m30s android-vnc-viewer “see and control your computer 's desktop from your phone , from anywhere . androidvnc is the open source ( gpl ) remote desktop program for android devices . connects to most vnc servers : incl tightvnc , realvnc on win and linux , x11vnc , and apple remote desktop on os/x . ” . in the video , i do not know the input mode that is being demonstrated at 0:30 , but it looks like the mouse cursor goes to where he touches . http://code.google.com/p/android-vnc-viewer/ i am guessing that the input mode in the video was either : touch mouse pan and zoom this is the default input mode and is designed to work like the android browser . you can both pan the display and control the mouse using the touchscreen and gestures . you pan by dragging or flicking on the touchscreen ; you click the mouse by tapping on it . you right-click by double-tapping ( or by holding down the camera button while tapping ) . you drag the mouse by doing a long press on the display , and then dragging . in this mode the trackball or dpad ( if your phone has one ) can also be used to control the mouse ; this may give you finer control . you can zoom the screen size with the +/- buttons , or , if your device supports multi-touch and has android 2.0+ , you can pinch to zoom out and spread to zoom in . or : mouse control mode in this mode , use the touchscreen to control the mouse . touching the screen generates a mouse click at that point ; dragging on the screen creates a mouse drag . keyboard events are sent as normal . the trackball is used to send arrow-key events to the vnc server . pressing the trackball toggles between mouse pointer control and desktop panning modes . port forwarding if the pc you are connecting to accesses the internet through a router , this will be the wan address assigned to the router by your isp ; you will also need to forward the vnc port ( 5900 ) from the router to your pc ( exactly how you do this depends on the details of your router , so i can not give more explicit instructions here ) . hacker 's keyboard - use a full soft keyboard on android from what i have read , the stock android keyboard does not have buttons such as ctrl , alt , esc , arrow keys , home , end , and delete . you can use the free , open source , app call hacker 's keyboard to gain access to the buttons of a full keyboard : “are you missing the key layout you are used to from your computer ? this keyboard has separate number keys , punctuation in the usual places , and arrow keys . it is based on the aosp gingerbread soft keyboard , so it supports multitouch for the modifier keys . this keyboard is especially useful if you use connectbot for ssh access . it provides working tab/ctrl/esc keys , and the arrow keys are essential for devices such as the xoom tablet or nexus s that do not have a trackball or d-pad . ” http://code[dot]google[dot]com/p/hackerskeyboard/ a patch that allows android-vnc-viewer to recognize all the keys of hacker 's keyboard in “frequently asked questions” of hacker 's keyboard , there is a section called “android vnc viewer does not recognize the extra keys” . it directs you to an issue called “issue 238: support additional keys , fix modifier handling” ( code [ dot ] google [ dot ] com/p/android-vnc-viewer/issues/detail ? id=238 ) . the patch there will make it so that android vnc viewer recognizes buttons of a full keyboard . update : bvnc bvnc is a secure , open source vnc client . tested with hackerskeyboard . using it is recommended ( get hackers keyboard from google play ) . play [ dot ] google [ dot ] com/store/apps/details ? id=com . iiordanov . freebvnc and hl=en github [ dot ] com/iiordanov/bvnc update 2: jump desktop vnc i currently and personally use jump desktop vnc because the “bring-out-the-keyboard” is close , and easily reachable . with bvnc , i have to tap near the middle of the screen , and then i press a keyboard button on the right to bring out the keyboard . jump desktop vnc also lets you use a google account , so you don’t have to deal with addresses .
verified that this bug does indeed exist on the razr maxx hd ( running 4.1.1 )
the reason it does not work properly is this : the init.rc script resides in within the ramdisk attached to the boot image . hence the init.rc script that was edited and pushed across is now overwritten by the boot image 's own script upon reboot - effectively changes are lost ! you need to extract the boot image , using every boot image has the kernel and the ramdisk . the tools available to do this can be found here . extracting when invoking the script split_bootimg.pl on a boot image it will recreate the following : boot . kernel boot . ramdisk . gz the two files are obviously self-explanatory . to extract the ramdisk , create a directory called ramdisk and from that directory , invoke this : gzip -dc | cpio -i , to recreate the directory structure that is used in the ramdisk which gets flipped over to the live file-system upon boot . in there , the file that is of pertinent information is init.rc . now that can be modified to your heart 's content . putting it back together go back up a directory level , and issue this - mkbootfs ***RAMDisk*** | gzip &gt; my_custom_ramdisk.gz . then , to " attach " the original kernel to the boot image , issue the following : mkbootimg -base 0x.... -kernel boot.kernel -ramdisk my_custom_ramdisk.gz -o my_custom_boot.img . at this point now , a boot image has been constructed , then that boot image will now have to be flashed via fastboot flash boot my_custom_boot.img . tl ; dr changes are lost upon re-boot because the script is not properly edited which required extracting the boot image and modifying it and re-packing it . once re-packed and then the boot image is re-flashed , the changes will be permanent . this is done every-time the changes are needed .
go and download the android sdk installer . when the sdk setup tool runs , you can select the usb drivers the drivers will be in &lt ; install_directory&gt ; extras\google\usb_driver find the android_winusb . inf and right click it click install if right click -> install does not work , then try the following start menu -> right click computer -> click properties click device manager ( on the left ) find the device in the hardware list , will probably have a " warning icon " right click the item and select update driver software select browse my computer for driver software select the usb driver directory noted above check include subfolders click next finished . . . your device should now have usable drivers so you can mount the sdcard . for reference , the android sdk documents also has a page with links to many of the different oem drivers too .
i have this same problem , intermittently , with my n1/froyo/cm6 . i do not know why it happens , but it is been happening since the froyo update afair . i have noticed it happens less often if i stay in one place . this led me to the theory that , since i live at a university , the fact that networks will pop in and out of range even as i enter my dorm and walk up to my room will make my n1 think that the network 's unstable and thus disable it . toggling definitely fixes the issue .
for applications installed from market , you can go to Market &gt; Downloads for application name and developer info ; however built-in applications ( e . g . phone , calendar , other applications installed by default ) often are not shown in market list ( neither will they show in manage application either ) .
separate widget app may be available in case when wigdet covers only a small subset of the main application functionality . however , for the weather app and weather app widget the main difference is the screen representation , the processing routines are almost the same . i am sorry to say , but it is very unlikely to find the weather application with the separate widget . moreover , with the froyo/eclair moving into the obsolescence quite steady and newer version of android having " unlimited " app storage in the range of 8-16gb , it is very unlikely the new developers will ever be inclined to make that kind of widget app .
you can do this by holding the power button + the home button simultaneously .
press the " multi " button and then select the files/folders you want , as explained on their help site : to select multiple files in astro you simply click the " multi " button . then , you choose the files or folders you would like to work with ( you will know they are selected because the names will turn orange . if you want to copy or move files , go to the location you want those files and press the copy or move buttons . if you want to delete , simply press the delete button and they will be removed .
the missing piece of information is that play music ( and most other music apps ) do not go round looking for music files . it would be a waste of battery if every app had to scan the storage for files ! instead , there is one built-in app , the media-scanner , that looks for music files and makes a database of their metadata : that is , the app reads the id3 tags from each file and stores the track name , artist , album and so on . any app on the device can access this database to find music files . ( it works the same way for videos and pictures . ) the app has to know to update this database , so when an app downloads new files , it has to tell this media scanner the new files are there . obviously btsync is not doing this . on older android versions it used to be possible for an app to just tell the media scanner to scan everything . this was a useful workaround for when apps like btsync did not do their duty , but it also meant some lazy app authors did this instead of telling the media scanner what files to scan , wasting the battery . for this reason , it is not possible to do this on android 4.4 . in the first instance , you should ask btsync 's author to tell the media scanner when it downloads a file . then there will not be any problem at all . until they fix their app , you should try one of the workarounds in this question .
there are quite a few replacement dialer apps in the market - just search for ' dialer ' . there are quite a few , both paid and free . i have only tried one ( dialer one ) just to confirm that it can indeed replace the default dialer , but i do not think it is sensible to go into any particular dialer 's merits here .
have you tried this guide from rootgalaxynote ? this answer is pending an edit . site is currently blocked at my location .
if the displayed detailed would be complete , you had be correct : 1.28g + 7.28g + 200k + 282m + 762m = 9.6 gb total space -- while the summary says 13.24g . explanation is easy : the details list is not complete . it e.g. misses cache , temporary files , log files , tombstones , and probably some more . where to find those ? in the file system , and for completeness this requires root . for some more details , please take a look at corresponding questions by following the tags internal-memory and storage . a good source to start with is the question something is secretly eating up my tablet memory and i need help finding it .
from your contact list , select the facebook contact that you would like to edit . click the menu button and choose edit contact . you will see an indication that the user is a facebook contact and may not be edited . now click the menu button again and choose new contact . this will create a new contact in your address book and merge the facebook profile information with that contact . you may now edit the contact to have additional details , such as a phone number .
i just downloaded caldav-sync beta and it took some fooling around , but seems to be working now .
so i flashed the twrp recovery instead of clockworkrom , and this was able to activate mass storage mode . the rest was history - copied the rom zip file and installed it as usual . sadly , my internal 32 gb storage was totally wiped out , so i have lost my titaniumbackup folder , a bunch of songs ( that i can copy again anyway ) and some photos .
the reason for the bluetooth icon being disabled is that you have not paired the phone with a device that supports the headset profile . bluetooth uses profiles to categorize which services a device supports , and macs do not support acting as a headset , only connecting to a headset ( see list of supported profiles ) . to use this functionality , you had need additional software which enables the mac to act as a headset and connect to a headset gateway ( which your phone most likely supports ) .
you have to go to the store where you bought it so they can have it checked . maybe the battery must not be totally drained . have them checked your phone since it still has warranty if you just bought it few months ago .
if you are running a stock rom , i suggest you root the phone ( the warranty 's way gone ) and upgrade it to cyanogenmod 4 ( android 1.6 ) or cyanogenmod 6 ( android 2.2 ) . battery life is very good on 4 ; 6 is more recent version of android -- however there are some additional hoops to jump through to get it installed . the first step in most dream rooting instructions is to downgrade it to a vulnerable version , so you will lose data stored on the phone . you might have luck with one of the " one-click root " programs but if you can not kill the " power options " dialog every few seconds , you may just need to flash it with the rc29 dreaimg . nbh .
found it . there is a direct dial widget you can add from the applications/widgets menu . when you select this , it prompts you to choose a contact . there are also shortcut widgets for direct message , open contact , etc .
without root you only have the control the app developers give you : if an app allows you to configure this behaviour , you can do so -- otherwise you can not . if your device were rooted , on the other hand , you'ld have several possibilities : use droidwall to define which apps may use 3g , which wifi , which both , and which none ( 1st pic below ) use lbe privacy guard to do the same , and more ( 2nd pic ) use autorun manager to disable certain listeners of apps , so they no longer get informed about network changes ( 3rd pic ; experienced users only ! ) this is just a selection , and thus the list is very incomplete . as you already wrote your device is not rooted , it does not make sense to put all those details here ; it is just to give you an idea what would be possible with root , not to elaborate all options ; )
different wallpapers drain the battery differently . it really depends on how many different factors the wallpaper is paying attention to . is it just being pretty or is it altering itself based on every movement of your phone ? the best way to find out is to simply test it yourself . spend one charge of your phone running a live wallpaper . when you get near the end of the battery charge , open up your phone 's settings . go to " about phone " -> " battery " -> " battery use " . this screen will show you all services that have used up more than 2% of your battery 's charge . your first reaction will probably be that it is taking up a lot when you see " display " draining the most but that is not taking into account wallpaper . the live wallpaper , if it has used more than 2% ( some do not ) , will show up as it is own service . they will pull more than a normal wallpaper ( that is a given ) but some will not effect it the battery charge nearly as much as say your widgets or the brightness of the display . turn down the brightness and you could probably offset the difference in battery charge of running a live wallpaper .
basically , the replacement lockscreen program will have a service running that recognizes when the phone ' locks ' and then overrides the default lockscreen with the one you have created through that app . there is typically a delay of a few seconds , so it is possible to still see the default lockscreen on occasion . i have been using WidgetLocker for some time now and have been very happy with it . it is available on the market .
there is a known hardware issue with the htc g2 . mine used to be hung at a black screen randomly when i tried to turn the screen on and unlock it . if your warranty has not already expired , start the process to get a replacement . the replacement i got has not experienced any of those issues .
if it is not rooted and not running a custom rom , a factory reset will reset everything back to stock and wipe the internal sd card . if you also wipe the external sd card , you will have a clean slate . checkout chapter update and reset , section resetting htc evo 3d , ( page 209 ) of the manual : http://www.htc.com/managed-assets/support/user-guide/user-manual/htc-evo-3d/110803_shooteru_htc_wwe_um.pdf quoting the manual : resetting htc evo 3d do a factory reset to return htc evo 3d to its original state before the first time you turned it on . if you’re passing htc evo 3d on to someone else or htc evo 3d has a persistent problem that cannot be solved , you can perform a factory reset ( also called a hard reset ) . factory reset is not a step to be taken lightly . it’ll permanently delete all your data and customized settings , and will remove any applications you’ve downloaded and installed . be sure to back up any data and files you want to keep before you do a factory reset .
re-installing the ' google play services ' updates solved the problem for me . simply go to Manage Apps &rarr ; Google Play Services and press Uninstall Updates . now if you start google hangouts again it will ask you to update google play services . if you do so , it will bring up google play where you can install the update . after this , google hangouts started without any problems on my tablet .
please read the main how do i root my android device from this site . this is a blog on rooting the device and installing gapps on the device ( if necessary ) . this is the xda thread on the root apk this should be a one click rooting process . this is a recovery / rom for the device as always the disclaimer to this applies : rooting your phone may void your carrier and manufacturer warranty . you accept all responsibility if you brick your device . if you are ever in doubt stop ! this is not something to take lightly . read this also as it relates to the risk of rooting a device . and once more i have to emphasise : always backup everything , all the time . then back it up again .
looks like it is logged as an android bug . if i am reading right , there is no current plan for the android team to address this .
the problem here is that adb forwarding attaches itself to the local loopback interface ( 127.0.0.1 ) , and you have no forwarding from the lan interface ( 192.168.43.198 ) to the loopback interface . the method you can use to achieve this depends on your platform . i do not know what you could use in windows , but on linux you can use rinetd and on osx you can use ipfw linux : add the following lines to your /etc/rinetd.conf: # bindaddress bindport connectaddress connectport 192.168.43.198 40000 127.0.0.1 40000  then restart rinetd with service rinetd restart or /etc/init.d/rinetd restart . osx : ipfw add fwd 127.0.0.1,40000 tcp from any to 192.168.43.198 dst-port 40000 
on my phone , i can not enter contact 's birthdays , but if i have previously entered their birthday on gmail then it does appear in their contacts entry on the phone , and i can edit it there . not that useful , as the birthday field is something you are likely to add to someone , and then its not very likely to ever change after that ! one workaround that i use if i am entering this on the phone is to add their birthday into the notes field , and then later on when i am at a pc i can go into gmail and put the birthday in properly . this is using the contacts app on a galaxy s using their stock froyo ( 2.2.1 ) .
the privacy guard is not available on stable builds , only on nightlies . source : privacy guard probably will not make it to the stable build until the next major release ( 10.2 ) .
you can open a telnet connection to the avd : telnet localhost 5554  then once connected : power capacity 100  or power status full  source : android developers : using the emulator
i have nexus 7 with stock jelly bean 4.2 . wallpapers are stored in /system/app/launcher2 . apk/res/drawable-sw600dp-nodpi as wallpaper_01.jpg to wallpaper_14.jpg but your picture is not here . i checked wallpapers in version 4.1.1 online here : https://bitbucket.org/neuralassembly/jcrom_packages_apps_launcher2/src/bd231599ae9f/res/drawable-sw600dp-nodpi and your picture is not here too . what android version do you have ?
since you do not have a dialer app in the tablet , ali kabiri 's answer can not be directly used . but there is a way to get into a mode where you can enter these " service codes " . see this blog post for images . open the contacts app exit the initial setup if it pops up go to menu -> settings long-press the blank space in the bottom of the screen , in the middle ( see images in link ) a button called " enter service code " should appear tap the button to get a " dialer " enter the code *#*#73556673#*#* demo mode should now be deactivated !
an app like root firewall ( needs root ) should work . ☆ block internet access for any apps :
answering your questions : the beta is still running http://beta.swype.com/ the beta is currently closed
i have latest official firmware sgs . i can see hindi website , but no bangla . . . . . at all ! ! ! u can use the procedure to see bangla fonts by http://suhreed.wordpress.com/2011/04/27/how-to-install-bangla-font-on-samsung-galaxy-tab/ or http://blog.mehedi.me/bangla-font-on-android/ thanking you
no , there is not . the official product website does not offer this as a feature , and i have tested with its little brother , the moga pro . incidentally , i have never noticed any lag or unresponsiveness when using a moga pro with a nexus 10 on 4.2 or 4.4.2 . perhaps your lag can be blamed on a specific app you are running ?
no , you do not have to reload or delete anything . however do make sure you take a nandroid backup before you install one of those kernels . you can potentially get into a reboot-loop that can only be broken by flashing another ( lower mhz ) kernel or restoring to a previous nandroid backup . i went from stock kernel to now running the ultra low voltage 800mhz chevyno1 kernel . i could not get it go any faster with ultra low voltage without a reboot-loop . basically you will start with the lowest processor speed kernel at a certain voltage and work your way up . so try ulv 800mhz , if it runs stable at 800mhz , try the 1ghz , then the 1.1ghz , etc . if you are wanting to conserve battery , then try the ulv kernel . if you are wanting processor speed , the lv kernel should be just fine . your mileage will vary because no two droid processors are made exactly a like ( because these kernels are going outside of the processor 's design specifications ) .
personally , i use quickcopy - it may be as close as you will get to your ideal . the only part it will not do is automatically paste into the field you want it to , but it does provide quick access .
to answer your question about launchers : yes , they are like explorer . exe on windows . most launchers will replace the home screens and app-launching window . some may even affect the app-switching , but you might have to play around with them . a short list ( note : not complete ) of alternative launcher apps : nova launcher adwlauncher / adwlauncher ex ( paid ) go launcher ex launcherpro / launcherpro plus unlocker ( paid ) looking at the above apps you can see how they change the look-and-feel of the bulk of android 's ui . i have tried most of the above , and each have extensive options and tweaking abilities to get your home screens and app launchers to look the way you want them .
try looking at a black picture in the dark . with amoled the picture should be pure black . with slcd you should see the backlight making the picture look greyish .
since your phone is rooted you can use wanam xposed note that the framework itself does not add any functionality , but once installed you can download ( via the framework itself ) modules that have custom functionality . wanam xposed module has many tweaks for stock samsung touchwiz roms , gravitybox has many for morer ' stock ' type roms . you can change the sms limit through either , in the default sms application . please read the xda thread on this module as it has a lot of detail , and clarifications . xda thread
google contacts supports max . resolution of 98x98 apparently . hope they will fix this soon . anyway if you set high res . photos in the phone they will be displayed accordingly until you restore again your contacts from google servers .
your ending question differs in a little but significant point from your introductionary question . but let 's go step by step : sure it is possible to install an older version of an app over an already installed newer version . for a user app : make sure you have permitted installation from unknown-sources ( see its tag-wiki for details ) open/launch the .apk file using a file manager , web browser , or similar the package installer should fire , asking you if you want to replace the installed app by this " older version " . but be aware that though installation most likely succeeds , the app might experience problems if the newer version e.g. had updated the structure of its database ( i had this only once yet , and the affected app just force-closed when trying to start it ) . if in such a case you insist on using the old version , the only way to make it work is to clear its cache and data . now to your final question . this is not just about installing an older version , but about signing it . yes , that can be done as well . you have simply got to ask the developer of the original app to give you his signing key . trouble is , his answer will ( and should ) be " no " . alternatively , you might give him the files and ask him to sign them with his key . assuming it is the manufacturer 's company behind it , the expected answer again is a " no " , though . so your real question rather reads : i have got an app already installed on my device . is it possible to install a different ( older ) version of it which has a different signature ­– without rooting and patching system with lucky patcher or previously uninstalling the newer version ? the answer is : no , that is not possible : signature check will fail , so you had have to uninstall the app first when using the " normal approach " as shown above overriding this signature check without root imho is not possible changing the signature to match imho is not possible unless you have got the developers key
for all that they have improved the facebook app for android lately , it is still woefully underpowered . i do not see any way to filter anything within the app .
i guess these issues are solved as i have never encountered such on my desire hd .
i could solve the problem by updating to the newest firmware with kies . now my build number is froyo . xxjq3 and everythings works as it should .
if you connect your phone to wifi , it will acquire ip address . so you will be able to scan it is network services for vulnerablities from your desktop pc with convient programs . i like nmap port scanner and zenmap shell for it . also it looks like guys are porting nmap to android . link 1 , link 2
lifehacker suggests an app called ssh tunnel : ssh tunnel is an app that allows an android phone to connect to the internet using an ssh tunnel for a completely secure connection . it is great for those times when you have got no data signal , stuck at work or a coffee shop that only has public wi-fi available , and you need to be sure that nobody is snooping your sensitive personal information as you connect to sites .
set yor language by clicking on ' einstellungen ' or navigate directly to the english localized version : http://www.google.com/preferences?hl=en to set it there ( you can switch the ' hl=en ' for english to hl=hu for hungarian or any other you want in the link ) . setting your start page is not what you want : this will not affect searches from the widget or from the omnibox ( the auto completion , aka instant search ) . edit : seems like the keyboard language sets the default . . . switched from en to german and back .
first , make sure the apn settings on your phone are correct for your carrier . next , try cleaning the sim card 's and phone 's contacts . you should also try a different sim to rule out a broken card ( also try your current sim in a different phone . ) if the problem persists - then it is most likely a hardware issue with the phone 's sim card connector . you may want to get in touch with samsung to send the phone in for service . the sim card contacts on the phones are notoriously fragile , and can be easily damaged by using an adapter ( micro-to-nano for example ) that is either defective or simply improperly manufactured . if the adapter is not an exact fit , the contacts can get " caught " in the gap and bend or even break off during removal . it is possible this is what happened to the previous owner of your galaxy s4 . this type of damage is usually not covered by manufacturer 's warranty , but it will not hurt to try anyway . worst case - there are sim housing kits available for sale for the galaxy s4 , and ste-by-step replacement instructions on youtube . it is fairly easy to replace this module on your own .
there is a modified version of the play store that removes device restrictions . see this xda thread for more info and the download link to your version of android . it also disables self-updating of the play store so your modified version wont be replaced by a newer official one . cheers
there just was a blog on land of droid covering this issue . the author summed up a few conditions under which this " flicker " occurs : back-light is dimmed under 30% a weak wifi signal the device is accessing the net according to that report , these 3 things are " and-connected " ( i.e. . the flicker occurs when all of the 3 conditions are met ) . he is also hoping for a fix to come soon . you might as well want to read the comments there , some seem to indicate possible solutions ( including flashing a new stock rom ) , but so far none of them are yet confirmed .
you could create a tasker profile that sets the ringer volume when a bluetooth headset is connected . i am not sure how to handle the case when you disconnect the headset , though . you would only want to set the volume back to zero if it was zero when it was connected . edit : tasker gives access to current ringer volume via variable %volr in a profile with condition bluetooth connected : set a variable %savevol to %volr set ringer volume to desired level , if %volr = 0 exit task : set ringer volume to 0 , if % savevol = 0
it seems that the messaging app has its own contacts app , with no way to configure it . how about using 3rd party alternatives ? i use go sms pro as replacement for the messaging app , and go contacts ex as replacement for the contacts app . with this combination , you can hide the sim contacts .
easiest way . check your packaging . look for model describtion on the back of the other label . either z520 or z560 , the z520 is s4 , 560 is s3 . from wikipedia : processor and memory one version of the one s uses a qualcomm snapdragon s4 . . . in certain markets the one s uses the older snapdragon s3 . . . the two versions have slightly different packaging , the s4 is model z520e/z520m and states " processor : dual core , 1.5ghz"/"cpu speed 1.5 ghz , dual core , whereas the s3 is model z560e and states " processor : dual core " .
i finally got it to work ! google . com ( and other websites ) refuse requests from hosts that does not have the date properly set on their device . at the first startup , i did not bother setting the date on my tablet ( on ios it sets automatically ) . after manually setting the tablet 's date and time , the error page is gone and i have access to all the google apps . edit . according to izzy , it was chrome itself that refused the connection , possibly because the certificate dates were not matching .
this is an account for syncing via syncml , a protocol used by ( e . g . ) funambol . in a test , i have already managed to sync some events using syncevolution as http-server , but currently i am not sure , wether ssl connections work as well . ( i have even started a question on that topic . )
if you are not sure if you need root , you do not need root . there are any number of alternative launchers you can install that will give your device a custom look-and-feel and add/adjust functionality from vanilla android . heck , there are launchers that can simulate the look-and-feel of iphone and windows phone . have a look on the play store for " launchers " or " home screen replacements " .
tasker can switch on/off the lock screen and can trigger events based on the orientation of your phone . so you could set up an event in tasker that enabled the lock screen when your phone is oriented vertically but upside down , then always place your phone in your pocket that way up .
this allows you to obtain and run an application ( i.e. . the . apk file ) from sources other than the android market . ( i.e. . you get it from a download from a developer 's site , from an email , etc . ) . that is it . edit : once you enable unknown sources this post covers the rest : how can i install an app given only its apk file ? .
this mechanism is described at the android developers site as follows : zipalign is an archive alignment tool that provides important optimization to android application ( . apk ) files . the purpose is to ensure that all uncompressed data starts with a particular alignment relative to the start of the file . specifically , it causes all uncompressed data within the . apk , such as images or raw files , to be aligned on 4-byte boundaries . this allows all portions to be accessed directly with mmap ( ) even if they contain binary data with alignment restrictions . the benefit is a reduction in the amount of ram consumed when running the application . in short : .apk content can be easier/faster/more optimal accessed due to the order of data inside the packed file . for deeper information , there is a " complete guide " available at addictivetips : what is zipalign in android and how to make apps zipaligned , which answers the second part of your question : quite understandably , situation would be reserved for unaligned application packages . resource reading would be slow and memory usage would be on the higher end of the spectrum . it would also depend on how many unaligned applications are present . for example , if less number of applications with an unaligned home application , you’d see slower application launch times . this is the best case scenario . for a worst case scenario , having a number of unaligned applications will result in the system repeatedly starting and killing processes , struggling with lags and huge battery drain .
adb sideload command just loads a zip file from the computer to the phone . the creator of the zip controls what it does ( the recovery just uploads it from the computer and looks at a specific file ) . you can do a lot with it , but it is not a full rom , it is cannot replace a rom . here is an example of an update . zip i once wrote and sideloaded it to a phone : mount("yaffs2", "MTD", "userdata", "/data"); delete("/data/system/gesture.key"); delete("/data/system/password.key"); ui_print("Done!"); it deletes a couple of files , and prints a successful result . 2 . the command fastboot flash all can replace an entire rom , because it does a bunch of operations like format a partition and install a new rom . but you can flash other files that do not do those things ( but often this command do exactly that . ) 3 . you can do a lot of things in the adb command line , like delete a partition a flash or just copy something else to it . what exactly do you want to do ? on which partition ? hope this is helpful , and check out the android developers page on adb ( http://developer.android.com/tools/help/adb.html ) .
do you use any custom kernel or do you have stock factory default ? if you do not have stock then there is no recovery . if you have a custom kernel , you should press the vol down button when you see the kernel logo . that is because custom kernels have cwm recovery integrated , because xperia 2011 phones do not have a the recovery partition . for solution to your problem , you should use seus , that is the only way to fix a bootloop with stock kernel . you can download it from here : http://www.sonymobile.com/global-en/tools/update-service/ the software is self-explanatory and will guide you how to enter into flash mode . here 's a tutorial on how to use seus : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_ocgb6asqq
swipe from left edge to right do not fix the problem but make the menu accesible , and do not require to root the phone . from http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=55005591postcount=2 swype from left edge to right or use xposed module " x3 jelly bean play store fix " if you have rooted your device
a fix i have found and that works is to mount the sd card on a pc , open the * . android_secure* folder and delete a file named smdl2tmp1 . asec . it seems that it is a leftover file from a previous ( failed ? ) installation/update that prevents another update to run correctly .
it is the most frequently used apps while the earphones are plugged in . just open the app you want to show up 4 or 5 times in a row while the page buddy is active ( earphones plugged in ) and it will show up in the recommended apps . repeat for the next 3 apps you want to show . there is usually 4 recommended apps . this goes for all of the page buddy pages , earphones , docking , roaming , and spen ( on supported devices ) .
i thought that may be i could share the apk file through bluetooth from another phone and i succeed . here are the steps : all the steps are for the phone which already has gtalk installed . open file manager . go to system ( outside sdcard ) -> applications . search talk . apk . send it to the phone where you want to install gtalk by bluetooth ( or any other way ) . once talk . apk is already in your phone , just click it to install the app . i think ( not sure ) the second step requires rooting . also i am pretty sure that the native file manager does not allow you to go up from sdcard . i would need something like es file manager or astro file manager .
install a sensor app like androsens or androsensor . they both are able to show you the proximity information . note : the sensor only distinguishes between near and far proximity ( 0-5cm and > =5cm usually ) . it is ok that you will not get accurate distance measurements .
switch the sim , answer no when whatsapp asks you to switch numbers . ref : stackexchange-url if you switch sim after installing whatsapp , you are good to go with the old number . the servers " save " your activation phone number during that initial sms . i tested it on my own phone ( it is a gingerbread p1000n - all hail the venerable p1000 ) with a borrowed sim card , the app just kept sending messages with my old phone number . whatsapp did not ask to switch numbers . there is a " change number " setting . if you reinstall the app while switching sim , then you have to restart and get a new number . about what is usually done when travelling , i can say from the world cup visitors we received , several just bought a new temporary sim card after arriving here in brazil . the local phone companies even set up special and attractive prepaid plans for the football fans . ymmv anyway , and you should check your home carrier overseas fees and the local fares . usually you can get a better deal buying a trowaway sim . here in brazil we even do it when traveling to another state . if you want to keep your number and still enjoy the reduced local mobile internet fees , you can try and get any old android device that can do tethering ( or buy a unlocked mobile hotspot ) , and then insert the other sim into that device , then tether the internet to your main phone using the old phone as a mobile hotspot . just turn off data and use wi-fi . on verizon 's global ( not really global ) plan , i urge you to read what peter shankman wrote of his personal experiences with that . my advice , is : do not . or if you do , monitor closely your fees .
click on the handle ( a solid dot ) on the right side of the red horizontal line above the orange line , and drag it down to 500mb . that adjusts the scale of the graph . look for the lime green arrow at right to see the handle .
basically , the problem with this is that your phone cannot distinguish between what you want to say and transmit to the other end of the conversation , and words you want to be commands to the phone . what if you call an automated system that says " say ' one ' for x . say ' two ' for y . " ? when you say ' one ' or ' two ' , there is no way ( without very advanced ai ) for the phone to decide whether you intended to transmit that speech ( e . g . " two" ) or intended it to be a command for the phone to dial ( '2' ) . you could possibly have a custom dialer app where if you press a button on your phone , it stops transmitting your voice and accepts commands , and pressing again stops accepting commands and resumes transmitting your voice . i would bet a lot of money that no one has made such a custom dialer . of course , there are many phones where you can enter " pauses " into the dialer , followed by menu choices . for example , 555-555-5555-pause-pause-pause-2-pause-1 will : dial 555-555-5555 wait for the call to connect press '2' ( for a menu option ) wait for the next menu press '1' ( for a menu option ) this might serve your needs if you know the menu layout , but otherwise i think you are stuck ( unless you want to use headphones as lie ryan suggests ) .
i got it back . for answer check the xda forum with same question . . anybody in same condition . . please visit the link . .
create a dummy apn and select that as default . with this , even if you enable data accidentally via toggles , it would still not connect . ps : added as an answer as suggested by op
the radio chip-set is more than likely , shared with bluetooth and thus issues the commands specific to bluetooth to be able to switch on the fm receiver . this will depend on the handset in question . you do need the headset to be plugged in as that acts as a fm antenna . the fm radio framework was an add-on to the cm source at the time of gb 2.3.7 ; the headset acting as antenna is indeed the mechanism ( do not ask me how/why , but its common among certain chip-sets that requires it ) . the actual fm radio app was developed by andorko , he used to hang out on the zte blade community , developed the radio and one of the cm devs on that same community , integrated the radio framework into cm , ( which was non-standard ) . as due to the popularity of the fmradio application , it was tweaked and adapted for other chip-sets in question based on handset . depending on handset , silicon industries is one , si470x ( x being 8 or 9 ) is common ( used on galaxy 5 , zte blade ) , there is texas instruments ( ti ) which shares the bluetooth functionality within the ti chip-set - we are talking soc ( system on chip ) , by sending a series of bluetooth hci commands , the fm radio receiver starts up . by your comment below ' why did it work before ? ' that is assuming it was a stock rom that came with galaxy fit handset , then in that case , the fm radio support was based on some proprietary software within the stock fm application itself . cm 7.2 handled it differently using a non-standard framework for communicating with the fm radio , in which the above radio application that comes with cm , was adapted for that very reason .
according to this page the original stats are this : input ( ac ) : 100-240v , 50/60hz output ( dc ) : 5v , 1.8a here 's an image : the newer charger is 9v and 1.8a .
yes , you actually can do this . it is kind of kludgy looking when you inspect the clipboard , but it works just fine . first off , you can inspect the current clipboard contents with service call clipboard 1 from an adb shell ( or , without shelling in first , adb shell service call clipboard 1 ) . it may start out initially blank after a reboot , for example : you can put text into the clipboard using service call clipboard 2 , which basically takes 3 parameters - two ints and the string you want to put on the clipboard : # service call clipboard 2 i32 1 i32 0 s16 "Hi there" Result: Parcel(00000000 '....')  to be honest , i am not sure what the first two parameters are . one answer on stack overflow has suggested the first int is " number of items in the parcel " ( one in this case ) and that the second is the length of the string . however , i have used 0 for the second parameter and it works fine , and i can not find any documentation that matches up with this particular function . . . so take that for what it is worth . in any case , it is basically creating a parcel object with 3 fields , then passing it into the clipboard . the clipboard then unpacks the parcel and sets the string value passed in as the clipboard 's contents . you can see this when you go to retrieve the value afterwards : similarly , if you long-press on a text entry field and hit " paste " after doing this , you will get the text that was set via the call service clipboard 2 line above ( and it will look completely normal ) . ( the above examples come from my htc evo , running cyanogenmod 7 )
there is no power to the phone when it is off . it is actually off . the android os is designed to use minimal power when not in use . if you have a problem with the battery dying overnight , it is probably due to a third-party app .
so , as said , i had tried everything , refresh included , the international code for my number and all contacts numbers , everything . the problem was much more idiot : my friend finally told me that the number connected to whatsapp was the old one . as it was associated to the email , it was not letting the new number appear . something like that . i still do not understand how this is possible , i mean , somebody uses whatsapp with a number , then changes number but not email , and start sending messages through the new number , but does not appear with that number because the email is registered with the old number ? crazy . how can then this person send messages from the new number ? complicated . anyway . thanks : )
i do not know what your app did , but i find it strange that it is no longer booting . i would suggest trying to get your device in to recovery mode . i have never done this on a non-rooted device so i am not 100% sure you can do a factory reset from the " stock recovery " . but i know you can do it on a rooted device . i found these steps , but again , i am not sure if this pertains to only rooted devices . turn your desire off , now hold the volume down and power button in to boot into hboot . now use the volume button to navigate to boot recovery and select it by pressing the trackpad button .
while in this case it turned out to be a carrier issue ( and solved on the carrier 's end , see this comment ) , in other cases one of the test menus might prove helpful . for a starter , you can find a lot of " secret codes " in this list for the sgs , together with a short explanation . but use them on your own risk : )
i am posting the solution ( as @danhulme asked me ) despite the fact that it is trivial . if you already use latest drivers and have no option to reinstall a part or entire system , the only way is to keep trying with what you have again and again . i do not know what exactly happened , but after a day of trials ( plugging the new device and removing it , pointing the system to the drivers in this way or another ) it was finally connected . as for the other side-question about mtp , it was actually answered by @eldarerathis in comments : mtp mode can be enabled/disabled in settings > storage > ( overflow menu ) > usb computer connection .
i updated avatarrom with the 4.0.10 nightly update . that fixed the problem . the keyboard crashes are history .
shockingly , you can not block calls with xperia phones . unfortunately it is not possible to do this without installing any 3rd party software . i know that truecaller has this function if you want to use a 3rd party app . source : official sony forum you need to download 3rd party softwares that are mentioned earlier : truecaller calls blacklist
the web market and the honeycomb tablet market app now have a whole set of pages listing the " top x apps " for a whole set of definitions of " top " . i can not see any way to get to all of these categories in the current gingerbread phone version of the market app , presumably they have less screen room to show all of these different views . here are some direct links to the web market 's pages , if you are on a tablet most of these should show up as links on the market app 's home page : apps top free apps top paid apps top grossing apps ( see this question regarding confusion over what defines " top grossing" ) top new free apps top new paid apps games top free games top paid games top grossing games top new free games top new paid games apps and games combined editors ' choice trending apps to directly answer your question i would guess that most of the " famous " and " must-have " apps and games would show up in the " trending " and " editors ' choice " areas .
can you download another home launcher like launcherpro ( i highly recommend it ) and see if the widgets also do not work there ? it could be a problem with the launcher you are using ( adw or launcher2 ) . or you could re-flash cm6 with the other launcher than the one you chose . if these are the official twitter/facebook app widgets , then i doubt it is because of htc sense no longer being available . additionally it sounds like you are running a test build of cm6 , so it may be a bug . check out their forums to see if anyone else has your problem or to report the issue .
disabling the default action for an intent is easy enough to do on ics . from the launcher , press the menu button , and choose Manage apps . select the app that you chose as the default for the action . scroll down and touch Clear defaults .
i know this answer may be of low quality , having no concrete explanation and all ; but sometimes recoveries behave pretty weirdly . once with my old device , i tried to make a nandroid backup , and it completed within a few seconds . seeing that the backup was basically empty , i ran it again , and this time i can not select the nandroid option . you can try what i did - just select the option with your volume keys as though it is there . just guide yourself with the highlight .
gameloft has been reluctant to publish on android market because of their own drm policies , but lately they have been changing their stance and putting more of their games on android market . ea has plenty of titles up for sale as well ( in europe , see ea netherlands ) . some other big names like id software and epic have mentioned a strong possibility of bringing ports to the likes of rage and unreal engine to android some time in the future as well . and then of course , there is zynga , if you are not getting enough spam from their apps on facebook .
in the developer options , look for a checkbox that says " force rtl layout direction " and turn it off . it is a developer feature that helps with testing how apps will look on a device that uses a right-to-left language ( such as arabic ) without having to actually change the device 's language .
technical answer : yes . practical answer : it is hard . you will need : " manual intent shortcuts " app to add really custom shortcuts on the desktop ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.cwfk.ig88.intents ) . plus : knowledge how to generate a specific intent that does exactly what you want to do ( install above app and see what information it wants , you have to know exactly what to do ) . ps : i had a look at ezpdf and it seems to allow to launch a specific . pdf file by an intent at a given page , so your problem is solvable , but requires deep knowledge of ezpdf and android 's intent subsystem ( intent extra data : path , page ) . edit : sample for ezpdf , alas jumping to the page does not work , but the correct file is opened shortcut name : test action : android . intent . action . view category : uri : file:///sdcard/test . pdf component package : udk . android . reader component class ( fqdn ) : udk . android . reader . pdfreaderactivity extra key : page extra value : 14 [ ] broadcast regarding how to get those values : use a file browser to open the ' test . pdf ' file you want to open by the shortcut later . <code> adb logcat -d | grep -i ‘test . pdf’ you should see some line like this : i/activitymanager ( 123 ) : starting activity : intent { act=android . intent . action . view dat=file:///sdcard/test . pdf typ=text/plain cmp=udk . android . reader/ . pdfreaderactivity } </code> manual launch via adb :
after checking this on a samsung galaxy s 3 , a nexus 7 , and a nexus 10 , with several different keyboard apps , i could not see a similar issue , so i suspect this problem is specific to that model of phone . perhaps htc skimped on the touchscreen for this device , or did a poor job with the touchscreen integration . if that is it , there is probably nothing you can do but hope that a software update will fix the problem . alternatively , it could be a problem with that particular phone . try giving the touchscreen a wipe with a damp cloth . try to get access to another phone of the same model and check if it has the same problem : if it is only your phone , you should take it back to the shop and have them fix it .
this may be solved by clearing the cache and data of the dialler app . to do this , go to Settings › Apps › swipe to All › select the dialler application from the list › clear Cache and Data .
using titanium backup , freeze the SNS x.x.x app with a facebook icon . you can also disable this through the phone 's Settings &gt; More &gt; Application manager . sources : xda androidcentral
in the end , it turned out it was working for the original usb cable , while the generic usb cable did not allow data connection , only charging . for the original cable , the problem disappeared on its own , and i do not know what caused it , or what caused it to disappear .
that very much depends on the update . the manufacturer/vendor might have made only " bug fixes " with this update -- but he might as well have decided to replace the entire system . in neither case you end up with an " empty shell " ( i wish that would be the case ! ) , as manufacturers/vendors are rather known to add stuff nobody really wants ( see : bloatware ) rather than to remove apps that ship with android by default -- but it might very well be that some apps got replaced or will simply be removed . what surely will be gone , according to the description you gave , are all your data and the apps you have installed yourself , as obviously the update implies a factory-reset . if your device is already running android 4.0 or higher , you might wish to take a look at full backup of non-rooted devices for how to make a good backup . at least apps+data should be restorable to a newer version of android then ; for other things ( sms , call logs , etc . ) you might rather prefer some dedicated tool -- or rely on your google-cloud-synced data and pray they will restore automatically ( if they start to , do not interrupt them : you cannot re-start the restore , which is one thing making it so unreliable ) . see also the backup tag and especially its tag-wiki for details on available backup methods plus hints for recommended readings on this topic .
from google voice settings ( on the web , not the phone app ) , under phones , select your mobile number , and edit . uncheck " receive sms on this phone "
just to let you know that my issue seems resolved installing the latest gapps package suggested by cyanogenmod wiki : gapps-kk-20140606-signed.zip . i followed these steps : download zip copy to /sdcard/ reboot in recovery install zip reboot device during the first boot the device asked me for a backup account , but in the Settings i had still Backing up to debug-only private cache . then i set the new backup transport with $ adb shell bmgr transport com.google.android.backup/.BackupTransportService  without problems .
apparently some custom roms do not come with any google services and to fix this you need to flash gapps using a program such as clock work mod . this page has a link to download gapps .
rooting the atrix 4g does only that - gives you elevated privileges on stock os . in order to be able to install a different recovery image and custom roms , the phone 's bootloader must be unlocked first . this is a fairly complicated process that carries the usual warnings and disclaimers of modifying phone software . it will most definitely void your warranty with at and t ( and possibly with motorola as well , ) so be very certain that your phone is either free of hardware defects , or out of warranty with your carrier before unlocking it . see this thread on xda-developers forum for further details and installation instructions .
if you are willing to use external hardware , one good option is an external hdmi capture card and a usb to hdmi cable . for example a Blackmagic Design : UltraStudio Mini Recorder is only $145 for an hd-sdi and hdmi thunderbolt device , and a micro usb to hdmi cable can go for as little as $10 . this way the recording does not affect the performance of your device or app . more expensive than an app on the device , but much more flexible .
there is an app for that ! it does exactly what you want and even lets you share to more than one app at the same time . it really ought to be something the system options let you do , but anyway . the only problem is that the app apparently has some issues with some apps in ics , but i can not speak to that from experience . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.andmadesoft.share
so the problem was : market and market updater were not signed by the same key , no idea why . as a result , the market was not able to send an intent to a receiver in the market updater that was protected by a signature-level permission . here 's what i have done . i took marketupdater . apk from the device . i took it apart with apktool: apktool d -s MarketUpdater.apk mu  i then opened the androidmanifest . xml . i changed the package attribute under &lt;manifest&gt; to package="com.android.vending.updateralt"  that was to avoid a name clash with the vanilla market updater app . changed the &lt;receiver&gt; element 's header to this : &lt;receiver android:name="com.android.vending.updater.UpdateMarketReceiver"&gt;  see - no permission attribute . no longer requiring that the intent sender is signed by the same certificate . spelling out the java package name in android:name was necessary , since the apk package name no longer matched the java package name of the class . i then packaged the apk back : apktool b mu MarketUpdaterAlt.apk  i signed the apk , using the jarsigner tool , with an arbitrary key that i had from another project : uploaded the apk to /system/app , registered with pm: adb push MarketUpdaterAlt.apk /system/app adb shell pm install -r /system/app/MarketUpdaterAlt.apk  and forced a market self-update . removed the preferences file : adb shell rm /data/data/com.android.vending/shared_prefs/*  then restarted the market , waited for five minutes , and closed the market . the update went through like a charm . now i have market 2.3.6 , in-app billing and all . good thing the permission-based coupling between the market and market updater was not two-way . . . edit : the alternative updater apk is available for all at http://www.jishop.com/temp/marketupdateralt.apk
most phones have separate ap ( application processor ) and bp ( baseband processor aka modem aka radio ) . " rooting " results in gaining control over the ap . the carrier " subsidy " lock is residing in bp . most custom roms just include stock ( i.e. . still locked ) bp image as a binary blob . since the bp code is proprietary and never gets released to public .
given android phones just run as usb drive mode for syncing : just for music : doubletwist media monkey all media : winamp * will also sync outlook contacts , files etc . missing sync for android * *syncs over wi-fi
you have multiple options to solve this : go to settings-> apps , scroll to skype , open it , and hit the " clear defaults " button if that for some reason does not work : simply install some other voip app , try to call a person again ( now you should be able to chose ) , hangup , and remove the other voip app again try default app manager lite , defaultapp reset , or similar apps to reset single default actions chuck-norris-mode : try clear default app for action to reset all default actions last ressort : uninstall and re-install skype all above solutions should reset the default app selected . besides : same procedure works for multiple web browsers , home screen replacements ( launchers ) , image viewers . . .
looks like this is a bug caused by agenda view and multi-day calendar entries . if you have one that includes the current day , calendar opens to the first day of that entry . fortunately , i think the bug is fixed upstream : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=21605 simplest workaround is to delete the multi-day entry . :/
the answer is not to copy to the directory named usbStorage . probably , just for galaxy s2 . create new directory named Media in / and move your music in it . then , reboot ( optional ) .
yes , you will be able to use the logitech revue google tv unit without the set-top box . i am doing this with the sony blueray player w/gtv . during the set-up process simply skip the section for setting up the tv provider and you should be all set . here is a youtube video of a revue functioning without a cable or satellite stb .
i solved ! i flashed a hacked chinese sbf . this sbf let me use z4root . apk to get root access . sorry about do not put the file name , that is because it does not have a meaningful name , it is just firmware . zip , i found it in xda-developers forum . be careful using the files above , you can easily brick you cell phone . the chinese hacked firmware is this : firmware part 1 and firmware part 2 . the application who enables rooting is this z4root . apk . *sorry , i do not know how much time the links will be available .
there is an article that discusses the semi-technical reasons/issues that have lead to the differences in smoothness of android and iphone devices . but after gathering some key points from the article one can conclude : from the very start , ios had been built around a multi-touch screen ( meaning ios had been built from the gound up to be very responsive as opposed to most other oss that adopted full screen multi-touch displays ) yes , it is not always hardware ( processing power ) dependent it is merely a result of ios operating system giving more priority to ui rendering , etc where as android distributes the processing power equaly ( this may be an advantage or drawback as with a faster ui everything from download speeds to loading content will slow down ) ui rendering occurs on the main thread of an app ui rendering has normal priority android is very popularly known to be highly customization and it is simply a matter of tweaking kernel parameters like ' lowmemkiller ' that can make ui : amazingly smooth -- easily as smooth as the iphone or wp7 phones it is not that android lacks the potential , but simply that developers prefer to spend resources elsewhere ( like on the bigger screens of some devices ) . then why does not android spend more resources on ui ? well , android is widely distributed among a wide variety of devices , and that is exactly why when it comes to android , only individual owners can overcome these ( there is no optimum setting android developers can set . . . every device that runs android has its own set of ' optimum settings ' and every user has his own perspective on what they should be ' optimum settings' ) . so the solution , balance the power . . . and no it is not something that has been ' overcome ' on newer android devices . but it depends on what you mean by overcome , as the lowmemkiller of rooted android devices can easily be tweaked ( but it comes as a cost to battery , etc . . . ) for more technicality , see dianne hackborn and andrew munn
aha i have found it : the emails were still in the trash . once i viewed the trash , highlighted them all , and than choose the ' delete permanently ' , than when syncing on the device , the ' deleted ' mails were gone too . gathrawn was so convincing in his reply that they should have been deleted , i investigated some more . . . thanks . i will keep my answer here , since it might help others in the future .
there seems to be a range of apps that may do what you are trying to accomplish . here are a couple that look like they have potential . root call blocker pro call guard call blocker gold outgoing call blocker
i sent this question into verizon wireless as well . here is their reply : thank you for contacting verizon wireless through our website . . . i understand that you have been having an issue trying to decrypt files on your handset . at this time motorola has not provided an update for your phone to be able to do this . without that , we are unable to assist you because this is a phone issue and not a network issue . so it looks like ryan was correct in his comment that this is an issue with a motorola os add-on , not vanilla android . since originally asking my question , i experimented some more with my phone . my phone has 2 check-boxes for setting encryption : one to encrypt the sd card ( that i mentioned in my original question ) and one to encrypt the main phone memory . when i unchecked both boxes , my phone decrypted all files , both on the phone and on the sd card . so , that is my solution for now . thank you ryan for your comments -- they helped lead me to this answer .
Settings - Account and Sync - &lt;your exchange account&gt;' - Account settings - (scroll down) Incoming settings' - password field . on my samsung galaxy s - running froyo 2.2.1
short answer : no . explanation : this action would involve multiple steps : re-mount /system read-write write the hosts file to /system/etc/hosts re-mount /system read-only each of the step requires root permissions , as the file belongs to system:system and usually is read-only to other " users " .
if you mean that thingy in the notification bar that upon touching let 's you chose your desired mode -- that is still there with launcher pro as it has nothing to do with sense and launcher pro has nothing to do with your notification area ( unless of course you decide to disable it )
just a guess , but worth trying : i did the same with locus maps . i created a kml , which imported fine , and could be used as layer there ( locus even supports kmz containing images and more , so you could use that for a " self-made travel guide" ) . the article using kml files on the same site suggests at least the kml part should work with osmand as well , so i considered placing this as answer ( instead of making it a comment ) . this article even explicitly mentions pois – which probably is the reason your linked article contained that few details : you may use any format containing your pois , if you are able to convert it to osm format . and all points inside the kml file are converted into osm points , assigning them some properties like tourism category and museum type . note the categories mentioned here match those on your linked article .
i solved this by reinstalling the store update ( i.e. . switching it back to the basic market app and let it update again )
there are several approaches possible . some devices already ship with some kind of power management , which just needs to be enabled ( check in settings ) . apart from that , specific power management apps are available in the playstore . e.g. battery life saver can be configured to take actions on " battery low " , like switching off wifi , bt , and others ( not sure if a power-off is included here as well ) . big battery promises to allow a shutdown at battery-low in its donate version . and then there is always tasker to do things like shutting down the device at 20% , or shutting off wifi etc . at 30% , and so on . as a free alternative , automateit can do the same . but i am afraid in both cases , this will require a rooted device .
tasker can do that ( and a lot more things ) , as long as the app in question supports it ( a list of apps with tasker support can e.g. be found here − never mind the german , if you are just after the list ) . as you have described , it supports " shake gestures " , and if your device has a camera button , you could utilize that as well . " flip gestures " might also come in handy ( flip the device to face down , then face up , etc . ) i know it is a paid app . but to try it out , visit the app 's project site and get a 7-day trial ( remember to export all your configuration and profiles before " day 7" , then you can simply uninstall , re-install , and re-import your settings for another 7 days period − this hint comes from the dev himself , so it is nothing bad ; ) the app needs some time to get warm with it . but once you did , you do not want to miss it anymore : )
i fixed it : ) in case somebody is in the same situation , here is what i did : i flashed my phone to its original rom using flashtool ( if u dont know how to use it go here ) thats it thanks everyone
the gmail app does not support downloading attachments . it does support viewing a limited amount of mimetypes . if you want to download the zip file , you will need to go to gmail . com using the browser on the phone and download it from there . another alternative is to use another android email client . k-9 mail works well with gmail accounts and can both download attachment to the sd card as well as open them from the mail itself .
so it turns out that there is no other way than to do it manually , and it is not difficult at all : ) get myphoneexplorer ( i am sure you can do it using the phone portal too , but myphoneexplorer is just so convenient : ) go to the contact tab , right click on any contact , click on export/import , export all contacts , and select the csv format check that the csv file is ok opening it in excel for example open gmail , go to the contacts link and click on import , select the csv file and import now return to the phone explorer , and delete all your contacts click on android 's settings - accounts , click on the gmail account and click on synchronize contacts . all your contacts are restored to your phone , but now they are linked in gmail .
in Settings-&gt;Accounts and Sync-&gt;Your Google Account make sure google photos is selected this is in Settings-&gt;Google in 4 . x . edit : i just checked , and reinstalling the google+ all fixed this . uninstall the app , then install it again . you then need to go into the settings menu and enable instant upload .
i am afraid that the native facebook app is very limited in functionality . while it has improved ( quite a bit ) from its initial launch , there are still a lot of things you can not do in the app . you may be able to do what you need from the mobile-optimized website (http://m.facebook.com) but most likely you are going to need to hop over to your desktop and use the full website in your desktop browser .
the recent applications list show only what applications have been recently used , it does not check whether they are still running or using memory/cpu . therefore , this list does not affect battery use one way or the other . instead , you might want to check Settings -&gt; Apps -&gt; [swipe to the right] to show running applications , processes and services . here you can see the apps that are using your device and consuming battery , and kill unnecessary processes by tapping the app and then Stop .
you can access the built-in graphic equalizer by going to settings , then sound , then audio effects .
go launcher ex looks like you can turn that on , at least for some apps . related is the next notification plugin for next launcher 3d .
i would actually recommend upgrading past donut , since there is a great custom rom community for the g1 . for example , this looks like the best froyo rom for the g1 , but you can look around xda 's android development forum ( specifically the rom bible thread ) if you want to find out more first .
if you did not explicitly configure your device to automatically use " open " and unprotected networks , it will only connect to those you explicitly tell it to -- so you need not worry about this . as for your "3g turning off " issue : that is very strange . something in your device still seems to think that , as soon as some wifi is near , you are going to use that . probably you can avoid this by turning wifi off . you need not do that manually everytime ( you might forget , and you might be annoyed when it is not on when you need it ) -- but rather let smart wifi manage this for you . this app remembers wifi networks you connected to . when you get disconnected , it will switch wifi off . as soon as it detects you get close to it ( it remembered the cell towers near , so this is it detects the area where you have been connected to some wifi ) , it switches wifi back on . it just could get weird with " mobile hotspots " , if you connect to another android device 's hotspot functionality in the middle of a desert , it would always turn wifi on at that place , even if nothing 's around . oh , well : no cell towers close ? so this will not happen : )
it does not look like there is any reliable way to unlock it without the unlock code . you should call the carrier and ask them to help you unlock it . most will give you the code if you are persistent enough , and apparently you can enter it by typing *#06# on the dialer .
if you do not depend on a data connection , there may be some solutions around : the google playstore has a lot of automation apps to offer , which you can use to set up more than this . in your case , this would be a time-based scenario : from 11pm to 7am , disable wifi and mobile data no data connection => no new mail => no new mail notifications . apps capable of things like that include e.g. timeriffic ( free , and one of the top-apps in this section ) , llama ( also capable of location-based and other rules ) , and -- my favorite -- tasker . though the latter is not the cheapest one , it is the most flexible , and you can get a 7-day-trial at their homepage . for examples what else you can achieve with tasker , you might also want to take a look at <a href="stackexchange-url what is cell standby and how can i keep it from eating my battery ? , and the examples at the mentioned homepage . also , a google search on tasker profiles will list you a lot of goodies . to accomplish your goal using tasker , simply create the following profile : context : time ( fill in your " from " and " to " to define the time frame ) task : net-> mobile data : set off net-> wifi : set off that is all . say you defined it as described above ( 11pm to 7am ) , tasker would switch off wifi and mobile data at 11pm , and return to the previous state at 7am . more solutions can probably be found here : is it possible to only silence certain notifications ?
"0-click " batch restore ( as the market page describes it ) is one of the features of the pro version . you cannot do it in the free version , but purchasing a key for the pro version allows you to perform a batch restore unattended .
make sure " usb debugging " option checked and your driver has been installed properly . you can try following step command : 1 . adb kill-server 2 . adb start-server 3 . adb devices hope this help .
since you are talking about tasker , have you seen this comment from their google play page : tasker integration : add a locale variable to your layout and set the variable name ( click it ) in tasker select plugins -> minimalistic text for an action click " edit " , a new activity starts enter the name of the variable and the text that should be displayed for this variable ( you can use tasker variables ) everything else is customizable . add a new row , and use the + button to select and add new elements by checking them .
as far as i know , this is simply a bug in the htc email application . you can try using a different client ( k9 supports signed messages , i believe ) , but beyond that you will have to take it up with htc and hope that they decide to fix it at some point . here 's a related xda thread where someone includes what he says is a response from htc regarding the issue . there is also a thread on the android central forums where someone reports the same bug ( and no solution ) . those threads are a little on the old side , but i do not believe htc has fixed this yet .
the built-in google voice commands can not ( at this time ) launch apps . however , a quick search on the market revealed a few possible alternatives . here are two : cyberon voice commander voice actions
this was originally going to be a comment , as i am not 100% sure of its accuracy , but here goes : at least with the stock gingerbread browser , every link that you click makes the browser broadcast an intent to see which apps respond saying that they can handle the link 's target themselves ( like when you follow a play store link and it asks you if you want to open it in the browser ( play.google.com ) or in the play store app ) . since no apps respond the browser essentially ignores it . when you ask to open it in a new tab , the browser already knows exactly what you wantit to do with the link , so instead of querying your apps , it simply opens the link in the new tab ( like opening a new tab and typing in the url ) . so that is why it works when you open in a new tab , but not when you simply click the link . as for a solution , you could try http server , airdroid or similar apps . once you setup the server , your target addresses should look something like http://127.0.0.1/whatever . since this has an http:// protocol the browser recognizes this . edit : to my understanding , you can also use other ( potentially free ) server apps , like airdroid . when it tells you your ip address is http://xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx:abcd , you use that when you are connecting from another device , like your computer . but when you are using the same phone that you are running the server on , just go to http://127.0.0.1:abcd in your android 's browser .
for android 4.0 settings---> storage---> apps---> contacts storage---> clear data sync the contacts with your gmail account before doing this , remove synchornisation , do the above steps and sync again with you gmail account , will take some time for the names and numbers to come
to answer your question , see this previous question for options on changing the country that the market think your phone is in : how can i circumvent regional restrictions in the android market ? for the second part of your question about which country to change to , from the app 's description : currently for u.s. and canada based phones only . but from this description : the application dials to our service , which dials to the other party , showing your phone number as the caller id . the service then records the call at the telephony level , and sends a very high-quality recording straight to your email box . i think that even if you get it to install , it will only work properly if you are currently in the us or canada , as it seems to work by redirecting your call through a landline call forwarding service , which either will not work in other countries , or will be using a hideously expensive international rate call for that purpose .
i hope it is okay to answer my own but i thought it might be useful to others . i found these looking around more : photon browser and puffin browser . both play flash sites without all the complicated installation of adobe .
if both devices are rooted , you can use airdroid , which offers an . . . realtime android screen ( experimental feature , root permission required ) view your android 's screen , take a screenshot , or even record a screencast . as you connect to the device using a web browser , you can just have two browser windows open - et voila , both devices should be shown simultaneously . alternativ solution : droid vnc server ( and other vnc servers ) . again , requires rooted device -- plus a vnc client on the computer . there are several more solutions , but they mostly fall in either of the mentioned categories .
there is no official google talk voice/video chat for android phones . you can use google talk in android 2.3.4+ to make video chats now . additionally , any calls made via google voice are done via cell tower ( using your minutes ) , not data .
first a few things on the symptoms : on unix/linux/android , " free ram " is considered a " wasted resource " . if ram is not occupied by running processes themselves , the system uses it to buffer and cache other things , like the file system . this should speed things up , as usually ram allows faster access . for more details , please check out ram tag-wiki . " task killers " are discussed controversely . while most ( if not all ) people agree they are fine to stop " rogue processes " , it is certainly not their job to " free up ram " or even " save battery " . in these terms , they are rather contra-productive , as most killed processes simply restart themselves ( which costs more battery than if they had kept running , and fills up the " freed ram " again as well ) . for details on this , closer information can be found in the answers on e.g. do i really need to install a task manager ? , do task killers actually work ? and is it advisable to run a task killer app on android . and finally , to the issue itself ( experiencing lags ) . as you describe it as a problem " growing with the time " ( i.e. . it was not there in the beginning , but slowly became more and more visible ) , you will probably find some help in the answers to my device is getting slow , apps start misbehaving/crashing . what can i do ?
i believe what it stands for is " debug surfaceflinger hardware " , and there is only one ( that i know of ) reference to it in the android source code ( in displayhardware . cpp ) : or , in english terms , the system reads the value of the debug.sf.hw flag . if it has a value and that value is equal to zero it disables hardware compositing , otherwise it skips over that block of code . i think there is something of a misconception in that the default should be to have hardware compositing enabled , but you can set debug.sf.hw=0 in order to disable it . so really it is a debug flag , but setting it to 1 ( strictly speaking , any non-zero value ) would explicitly cause compositing to remain enabled . as far as i know , though , the only time it should really have an impact is if the device 's default value is 0 for whatever reason .
android 's hotkey to take screenshots is vol down and power pressed simultaneously for about 3 seconds . the delay is there to prevent accidental presses . ( samsung phones hotkey is the power and home button )
the ssh server does not set all the necessary environment variables so it is easier to use a shell script . when successful : # rescan-media Broadcasting: Intent { act=android.intent.action.MEDIA_MOUNTED dat=file:///mnt/sdcard } Broadcast completed: result=0  this works on cyanogenmod 9.1 . depending on your system the environment may be slightly different . note : in later versions of cyanogenmod / android the sd card may be mounted at /storage/sdcard0 . make sure you know where your card is mounted or this will never work . diskinfo may help here . thanks to dan hulme for pushing me in the right direction . references : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/content/intent.html http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1752749 http://intwoplacesatonce.com/ http://kennystechtalk.blogspot.co.uk/2013/08/start-android-media-scanner-from.html
warning : i have not tested this procedure . you would need to have fstrim in system/bin . this xda post has a dropbox download link . start up adb and then switch users to root . $ adb shell from your os terminal . $ su to switch to the root user . to copy fstrim to your /system/bin path you first need to mount the system path as read/write from adb or some other file manager # mount -o remount,rw -t yaffs2 /dev/block/mtdblock3 /system to mount /system as r/w then copy fstrim to the system path . # cp &lt;pathtofstrim&gt;/fstrim /system/bin next you need to change permissions of fstrim to include execute . # chmod 766 /system/bin/fstrim to make fstrim executable by root after setting the correct permissions on fstrim you can run these commands from adb ( as root ) : # fstrim -v /data # fstrim -v /cache # fstrim -v /system or , you could go the easy way . install the lagfix app , and trigger fstrim on demand , provided your device has fstrim support !
quadrant also give me the same information that android system info .
both solutions mentioned by @izzy and @darknight in comments could work , but i found the easiest way is to replace steps 8,9,10 of the instructions by the following terminal command : sudo apt-get install android-tools-adb android-tools-fastboot  and then continuing as normal ( and of course write fastboot instead of fastboot . exe in steps 15,16 ) . that saves the trouble of manually downloading and installing flashboot and configuring files and so .
i do not think there is a good way to do this - the issue is not that the private number is being hidden by your phone , it is that the phone company is not transmitting the caller id info to you at all . so there should not be any way for you to get that data working strictly from your phone . unless you know people who regularly block caller id data , but do not leave messages , i would just assume it is spam callers and ignore them .
you do not mention what version of the app you are using or which os version , but this is how i do it on my galaxy nexus with android 4.0 . open gmail app open the overflow menu ( three vertical dots ) and choose Settings tap the email account you want to use under " data usage " tap " manage labels " you will see your labels there , including " pseudo-labels " like " starred " and " important " tap the label for which you want notifications ( in your case , " important" ) if not already on , turn on Sync messages ( either last 30 days or all ) tap the checkbox for Email notifications choose your options ( ringtone , whether to vibrate or not , whether to notify once or not ) you can have different notifications per label per account , which is nice , but if you overdo it you will have way too many notifications in your notification bar .
ok got it sorted . . . just writing this down incase anyone stumbles across the same issue . . . deleted both accounts and recreated them , now it works : )
my issue was resolved by upgrading google maps to v5.0 . for those troubleshooting this issue , also see this question ( which should probably be your first step ) : how do i set google latitude to auto-update with location regularly ?
the facebook app does not have this feature ( and several other features that are available on the web app ) . however , you can create a new list with a 3rd-party app like fast pro for facebook .
go to the contact you want to add the ringtone to , press the menu button in the top right corner and select Set ringtone . the mp3 file has to be in the /sdcard/Ringtones/ directory for the phone to find it .
seeing a file name like Computer\Nexus 4\Internal storage\Music\Christina St\u7709rmer\Freier Fall\1 Geh nicht wenn du kommst.mp3 points to a special problem with " special characters " ( such as german umlauts ) which got messed up on data transfer : while windoze uses its own character set ( ms-ansi or wone of the win-12xx , depending on configuration ) , android expects utf-8 -- which is why it is a good custom to use only 7-bit ascii characters in file names . due to this mismatch and the " unidentifyable character " , the media scanner most likely has crashed . which resulted in the media database not being populated , from which follows : the players think " no media files there " . proposed actions i would suggest to either temporarily delete or at least rename all affected files , so that no file with " special characters " in its name remains . then have the media scanner run again ( e . g . triggering it with rescan sd ) . once that is finished , i am pretty sure your media player ( s ) will find something to play ( with ) . that being approved , you know what to look for in the future . as said before , i strongly recommend to restict characters in file names to 7-bit ascii -- that avoids a lot of problems , though some names might look a little strange ; )
tinyportriat ( solid ) : the user is reading the conversation . small phone icon : this indicates that the user is using the hangouts app on a mobile device .
try a different usb cable . or try plugging it into a computer to check if it is the cable .
ok . i found a even more strange thing . the differences are due to the language . if i set my browser language to portuguese suddently i see all the comments that i saw on the other account ( that i was seeing on an android device set to portuguese ) . this is very strange as all comments are written in portuguese . i have not discovered yet how they associate the language to the comment . . . my guess : comments are only visible on the language that they are added . for example : ( this is a guess ) if i add a comment with my browser in portuguese , only people with browsers/devices in portuguese will see it should not the market show all anyway , with somekind of language filter ( our language vs all ) or use google translate to translate all from the start ? does anyone else has a clue about this ? !
i ended up doing a factory reset on my tablet ( after doing a backup of my data with " app backup" ) . as far as i know the downgrade would probably have worked , but i decided not to risk it .
your sd card contains pretty much all the data you need . in addition to app backup , you can also use sms backup+ to backup your texts to the sd card ( and then to the home server ) . titanium backup pro version has an option to backup files to your dropbox folder , so you can use that instead of rsync if you like . also , try to move as much data to the cloud as you can - including contacts , settings , photos etc - you get peace of mind knowing that most things are already backed up even if your phone gets damaged or stolen .
usb , mini-usb , and micro-usb cables are standardized , the voltage and amperage are the same across all standard compliant usb chargers . as long as the charger is a standard , generic micro-usb charger then it should be alright . that does not make it impossible for a manufacturer to create a non-standard plug that looks like a usb plug , but they are pretty much screwed up if they do so .
if you are still paired to that media center , then unpair it and turn off you bluetooth visibility , this way media center will not be able to detect your bluetooth , but you will still be able to connect to other devices .
more of a status update than an answer : jelly bean 4.1.2 allows a landscape rotation on small screens . i previously had the same experience ( accidentally changed the rotation but could not reproduce it ) -- i received the system update yesterday and was pleasantly surprised after the reboot :- )
i was going to post a complete answer , but this xda thread has everything i was going to say and it would take me too long to reproduce it :p . this post is basically a shortened version of the other , if you prefer that , but it seems you had prefer more detail .
i am not sure if it is part of a truly vanilla ics build ( though i think it may be ) , but the early cm9 and vanilla ics builds i have played with all have a " developer options " entry in the main system settings . this contains several options which relate to overall graphics effects such as : window animation scale : can be set to " off " to disable window animations transition animation scale : can also be set to " off " force gpu rendering : apparently tries to force gpu rendering of 2d textures/effects . may improve performance according to some ( this generally caused my evo to overheat , though ) it also has an option named " background process limit " . setting a lower number should help improve performance overall , in theory .
it looks like all of the default ringtones and notification sound files are in /system/media/audio . if you can not get to them when mounting via usb , you should be able to use something like astro file manager to copy the files to your sd card and then get them that way . they just appear to be ogg files .
if your goal is solely to transfer your email , your best bet would be to create a dummy gmail account with imap and add it to tbird as a separate account ( so that it does not go to the general inbox ) . once you had that done , in tbird copy all the folders you want transferred to the dummy account and wait for it to sync with gmail 's imap server . finally , add the dummy gmail account to your choice of email client on your phone and wait for the imap sync to complete . if you want to continue to receive email on your phone from all these accounts , you can add them in as you like to the email client of your choice . personally i would recommend k9 for multiple email account management myself ; it has an unified inbox similar to tbird 's general inbox and is all around mucho handy .
try adb shell ls -l /sys and check the output . most likely , access to the /sys/module directory has limited access . it does not matter that your device is rooted , when you are not using your root powers . to view the contents of " restircted directories": # open a shell adb shell # obtain root permission su - # now access your target ls -l /sys/module  when issuing the su - , you will have to approve a popup to confirm superuser access − at least on the first try . you then can tell your superuser/supersu app to remember your choice .
fortunately there is no region-locking for phones , just carrier locking . if your phone came with european firmware then you should probably stick with european firmware . ideally you had be able to find something from your carrier even if it was re-packaged by someone for odin . as for your network settings , there are a couple possibilities . you may need to supply the apn information , which you can usually find by doing a web search for "&lt ; carrier&gt ; apn " or similar . you might also need to flash a different modem if the one you have is buggy or otherwise incompatible with your device/carrier .
do you have an app called gallery ? i have it in my list . i would say just drag that on your homescreen and you should be good to go .
usually this should be an easy task – provided you have got a custom recovery on your device . turned out , it was not as easy in this special case , so i will list multiple options here . in combination , they finally lead to success – as one can see in the comments on the question itself . variant 1: custom recovery that is a one-liner : put the gapps archive on your sdcard , boot into recovery , chose " install update . zip from sdcard " , and select the gapps archive . done . after the next boot , google apps should be there . trouble in this case : no custom recovery . ok , next one . variant 2: use adb to side-load it this variant was even figured by the op himself . requires adb to be installed on your computer ( see : is there a minimal installation of adb ? ) , and your device setup ( device drivers etc . ) as well as connected via usb . for a detailed how-to , please see how to : use " adb sideload " on your android device . here , in short : place the gapps zip file in the directory where your adb executable is make sure you have usb debugging enabled in settings → development on your device boot your device in recovery mode , and connect it to your pc on your device , use the volume up / down keys to select " apply update from adb , " then press power to select it on your computer , open a command prompt window and navigate to the directory from 1 . , then execute adb sideload &lt;zipfile&gt; ( replacing &lt;zipfile&gt; with the name of your gapps file ) when the installation is finished , select to " reboot " the device . done . once the device finished booting , your google apps should be there . or not , as in our case . services got installed , apps were missing . ok , let 's trick the remains . variant #3: doint it manually preparation install es file explorer on your device . this will help us a lot . unpack the gapps archive into an empty directory on your sdcard . might be an optional step , as es file explorer can deal with zips directly , but might make things easier do it launch es file explorer on your device . tap the menu button , tap " root-explorer " ( the text , not the switch next to it – though you must make sure that is switched to " on " as well ) . a popup should open , where you should find a " r/w " icon ( second to last entry ) . tap that . this should remount your /system partition , so you can write to it . now use es file explorer to navigate to your ( unpacked ) gapps archive . copy the .apk files from system/apps/ to /system/apps/ on your device . similarly , files from data/apps/ should be copied to /data/apps/ . now back to the menu , and re-mount your /system partition read-only . reboot . now , the google apps should be there . still not ? bang . variant 4: get another device . . . or at least another rom . . .
on my android 4.0.4 if i click on the picture of the contact , i get option to save it .
that looks like a job for tasker : profile camerarotate : condition : app → camera task : notify sound ( text : " rotate me , please ! " , sound : [ select file ] ) this way , whenever the camera app becomes the active ( foreground ) app , a notification will appear with the text specified . you can also include a sound ( maybe something annoying or shocking , to make the " user in question " really aware ) . also , instead of the notification you could chose " play sound " , and have a pre-recorded mp3 played saying/shooting something like " hey , do not forget to rotate the device ! "
i have looked a number of products and i have got to say touchdown by nitrodesk always comes out on top . i have just returned to android after a short spell with wp7 and fogot how much i relied on touchdown . my favourite is the fact it will read out emails , which is useful !
this part of your screenshot you can find explained ( partly ) in my answer to cell standby and how can i keep it from eating my battery ? . but more specifically to your question , here 's what it is about : network signal : quality of the signal ( colors are explained in this answer ) gps on : whether gps was actively used awake : some app requested a wakelock ( see : how to deal with ( orphaned ) wakelocks ? ) . at least that is the best logical explanation to your question , though i cannot name a reference for that . screen on : the screen was turned on ( either manually by the user , or automatically by an app ) . if the user turns the screen on , that does not necessarily mean a wake lock being aquired . charging : a charger was connected and supplied the device with energy
i am surprised by what you are saying , so let me recap . yes , most networks send out their ssid ( it is called a beacon ) . if your wifi is enabled and you have not disabled scanning then your phone will listen for those beacons and try to match the ssid in the beacon against your phone 's list of ssid 's . depending on your settings it will also use the beacon to determine your current location and possibly even send the beacon 's mac address to google so google can keep its wifi location database up-to-date . so far this is all passive - it is just listening for beacons . the phone does not need to actively try to connect to networks unless some of the networks do not send out beacons ( hidden networks , as mentioned by @chahk ) . but even if you have some hidden networks in your list , i thought that android did not actively try to scan for those networks ( send out probe requests ) . actually , i remember people complaining about this , and 3rd party apps being written to address it , e.g. see " hiddenssid enabler " in the play store . has this changed ? can you tell me where you read about this ? if so , the only solution i can think of is to purge hidden networks from your list of known networks .
backup your data and perform a factory reset ( settings> privacy> factory data reset ) . then restore the data
it seems that moboot in touchpad is corresponding to the bootloader in android native device , so i think it may be impossible to enter such a ' bootloader ' in hp touchpad .
on samsung galaxy s ii ( and possibly other similar phones ) the stock music player app can do this . just open the mp3 in any file manager , choose to play it with the stock music player , hit menu and select Use as... and Ringtone . another option is to use doubletwist player to show the music by artist/album and long-press the song you want , then select Use as ringtone . this way you do not have to select from one long list , but the downside is you can not use your file manager to browse , you are stuck with artist/album grouping . also , you could check out ringtone maker , you can browse files in menu -> browse . . . . this also has the ability to play , chop and edit volume/fade .
you need to install the correct drivers for the device . i am not familiar with the device in question , but it seems that there are two drivers available on the gionee mobile india site . try installing one of the drivers there and then connect your device again .
the people application itself is an htc exclusive , but merged contacts from multiple sources ( gmail , exchange , twitter , facebook , sim , carrier phonebook , etc ) is a standard android feature for 2 . x ( maybe earlier ) . by default the system tries to intelligently merge identically named contacts , but you can manually add/remove contacts from the merged identities .
that appears to be your carrier 's delivery report code . many ( but not necessarily all ) carriers implement it in some form or another , but the exact method can vary pretty widely . it is briefly mentioned on the sms wikipedia article . i do not recall exactly when the network sends the delivery report , but i am fairly positive that it would not be originating from the phone , and therefore would not count against any sms limit it may have . the device may respond to the provider when it receives the message ( though it may not since the carrier may send the report at some other point in the process ) , but the actual sms you get back should be originating from the network 's sms gateway , i believe . the phone 's os ( or sim ) may have some bearing on whether or not it " honors " the request , but i am not sure . i found a ( probably incomplete ) list of some of the various carrier codes here :
yes , you need a specific otg cable , or you need to modify your cable . an otg cable has pins 4 and 5 shorted , which is how android knows it needs to switch over to host mode . you can manually short ( cross ) the wires on a standard cable , then use a f-f adapter . for my nook simple touch , a kernel patch is needed to be able to use otg . i also need to manually activate host mode while using a otg cable , so i know the grounding of pins 4 and 5 do more than simply tell android to go into host mode .
the tasker app will let you do this ( and much much more ) once installed , add a " task " widget to your homescreen , and have it run a " send sms " action . this lets you specify the target of the sms , as well as the full body of the message .
after i posted this question , i found out that ' playerpro ' music player allows you to choose the type of ratings it saves to . mediamonkey is one of them , so this basically is what i needed . unfortunately , it is not a free app , but for me although this is a tiny feature , this is something i am willing to pay for .
go launcher , launch the drawer , click application settings , click app drawer scrolling orientation , set vertical continuous or vertical loop and then vertical waterfall . win .
i just called verizon customer care . they had me dial *900 and that fixed the issue . this cancels any possible call forwarding . works like a champ now .
if you use mv on a directory containing files and subdirectories , it will move all of them . but in this case you may not want to move the amazonmp3 directory itself , so the command would be mv internalmemory/amazonmp3/* /sdcard/music/ , assuming the internalmemory directory is correct . the actual names for the internal memory and sd-card depend on the device , for example on my old galaxy s they were /sdcard and /sdcard/external_sd/ .
unfortunately , it is not possible . those apps rely on parts of the touchwiz framework to operate . no touchwiz , no apps . the only way would be to install a custom touchwiz based rom . it would give you some of the performance improvements of cyanogenmod but with access to the samsung apps .
that is two different things , at least the first depending on a ) android version , b ) manufacturer , and c ) sometimes even the device in question : before android 4.0 , /sdcard usually was were the external sdcard was to be found starting with android 4.0 ( or even 3 . x ? ) , this changed for most devices , and usually became the place of the so-called internal sdcard where the external sdcard is found with the latter group , differs a lot . locations known to me include : /sdcard_ext /sdcard/external_sd what really resides where , you can check with commands like mount or df . while mount will list all mounted file systems ( including the " virtual " ones like e.g. /proc and /sys ) , together with details on where they were mounted from and what options have been used , this might be a bit confusing ( at least to beginners ) . so you might rather want to use df , which sticks to the " real file-systems": it does not show where they are mounted from , but instead shows their total/used/free space , which might be even more useful to figure out what matches best . as for /data: yes , this usually resides on internal storage -- but might also depend on implementation . with android 4 . x , " internal storage " and " internal sdcard " are often " unified " ( i.e. . the " internal sdcard " often is nothing but a directory on internal storage ) . this was done a.o. to get rid of the problem of a filled-up internal storage ( it can " expand " into the internal sd area now ) , or a full internal sdcard and plenty of space on internal storage ( can " expand " the other way around , too -- as it is all the same " drive" ) .
thanks for the suggestions ! after i posted this i started changing my search terms . macro brought up my salvation . using macrodroid i created one macro that hit the home button , another macro that killed the calendar app running in the background and another macro that started the calendar app . i set the calendar app to open to day view by default . without rooting the devices i could not just kill the application and restart it . turning off the display also did not do it . along with these 3 macros i added one to turn off the display m-f @ 7pm and one to turn it on m-f @ 6am . so for my needs the free macrodroid ( comes with 5 free macros ) worked perfectly !
download wakelock detector from the google play store , if it happens again open wakelock detector and it will show you cpu and partial wakelocks ( will only show partial wakelocks if you enable advanced mode ) , if the largest cpu wakelcok is " powermanagerservicewakelock " this means the largest wakelock is the combination of all the items listed in partial wakelcocks . i would suggest ( if it happens again ) looking for anything over 7% and doing a web search for the wakelock name , and seeing what you can find . if it does not happen again , problem solved . i would also recommend you do not kill background processes , instead install greenify ( play store ) which blocks the processes you select from starting . other than this we can not tell you the reason due to androids default battery diagnostics not being very good . it is most probably the software , if you download nova battery tester and run it , it will tell you your battery capacity , and you can then compare this to what it should be to verify it is not a hardware fault .
you do need an internet connection to install apps . it does not matter if you install them from your phone or from a pc . in order to connect to the internet through a usb connected to your computer , you can use this app , but it requires you to have a rooted device .
the information below is from a developer website , it is the closest i could find to a definitive answer . from website : if you are using api level 7 or lower , use getexternalstoragedirectory ( ) to open a file that represents the root of the external storage , then save your shared files in one of the following directories :
image shrink lite is just right for me ; there is a paid version with more options .
i do not see how the duration of the charge would relate to whether or not it is harmful to the smartphone . i have never seen any documentation that keeping a phone plugged in perpetually ( whether plugged into usb , ac or dc ) would cause any harm to the phone itself . an argument could be made that it is harmful to the battery . constant charging is not generally a problem for lithium ion polymer batteries ( which most new cell phone batteries are ) . it is in fact better to frequently charge them , and not let them fully discharge . one factor that does degrade the battery life of all lithium ion batteries is heat . the more heat it is exposed to the faster it will lose capacity , so i can see how keeping it plugged in may keep it warmer longer and theoretically degrade the battery life . here are a couple good resources discussing battery life : http://batteryuniversity.com/learn/article/how_to_prolong_lithium_based_batteries http://www.droidforums.net/forum/tech-issues-bug-reports-suggestions/1974-understanding-battery-life.html
this is more like a manual job , but can be done . with titanium backup pro/donate version , you have this feature ( compare versions here ) : backup/restore sms , mms , call log , bookmarks and wi-fi networks in the portable xml format ! you can combine both sms backups into a single xml file format and restore it to your phone all in one . afterwards , perform a backup like you usually do , to have it all together . ps : will probably require you to go back and forward , but here 's a guide : backup to xml the existent sms on your device ; restore the old sms to the device ; backup the old sms to xml ; edit both xml files to merge them ; restore all back to your device . you can refer to titanium backup website to collect more information or to request support from the developers .
i would assume this is due to the cell radio firmware , not android . but i am not sure . in many cases you can flash older modem firmware using odin or clockworkmod , so you could test and see if the froyo firmware affects this under gingerbread . there should be a thread in the galaxy s forum on xda with the modems , i will update this if i remember to look for it later .
just to close this issue , i exchanged the device at the vendor ( same model ) , upgraded to kitkat , and everything seems to work fine . sorry for not having a more technical answer , i would love to have one , but in the end i needed a phone that works .
i had no trouble getting it myself , but that was a while ago . have you tried using a us proxy or sideloading the app ? another option would be to switch to data or wi-fi for the download , whichever you were not using , to see if it is just the particular network that the play store has a problem with .
have you tried clearing the data for the app ? or uninstalling then reinstalling ? or does hootsuite cache unsent/failed tweets to the cloud ?
i had the same problem when i originally rooted on my droid with stock rom . eventually a newer version of froyo came out and i had to upgrade ( and lose root ) or switch to a custom rom . i ended up switching to cyanogenmod . no more nagging update messages and i kept root . you might want to consider rooting your phone and switching to a custom rom for the incredible .
try twonky . instantly stream media from your phone to devices on your home network ! it can stream not only to you pc but to other dlna capable device and not only music but photo and other stuff .
this was resolved . unfortunately , i do not have any recollection of how it was resolved . presumably a software update ?
it is usually /datadata that gets full on the galaxy s . interestingly this partition is not displayed in the Storage setting menu . the quirk is that /datadata is mounted on a special very fast flash chip that only provides 170mib of storage space . while this was enough in the " early days " of android when the galaxy s was released , it can easly become tight with modern apps . /datadata is used to store application user data , and while many apps only place a few kib there , some apps require to store more . typical candidates that store around 20mib in /datadata are google chrome and google currents . atm the best practice is a fix that lets you control which apps can store data on the fast chip and which are outsourced to the slower ram . this script can also be installed with an app called datafix . to find the apps that consume the most space use su &amp;&amp; du -s /datadata/* |sort -gr |head . for example on my device :
your aim needs to be to get the contacts in to the google account that it is associated with the phone . once the contacts are in google , they should automatically synchronise to the phone . the first step is to create a csv from your outlook contacts : from outlook , do the following : File -&gt; Import and Export... choose Export to a file choose Comma separated values (DOS) select the Contacts folder choose a filename to export to and ok it hit next and then finish and let outlook create the file now that you have your file , you need to import the csv file in to google mail . log in to google mail in the normal way select Contacts from the left navigation bar from the top right , choose Import choose the csv that you just saved from outlook hit the Import button once that has finished uploading , your contacts should be available in google mail . they should automatically sync up to your phone within a few minutes .
rom updates from vendors/manufacturers/carriers usually evaluate checksums of at least the system partition -- which fails in case of applied modifications , such as required by rooting ( rooting needs to place at least the superuser apk on the system partition , and other root-apps may then add to it ) . i am not sure how this is handĺed by htc for devices " unlocked " via their " service " -- but in all cases i experienced , ota-updates failed due to the crc check . " un-rooting " will probably not help much : the system partition remains " tainted " . the only thing i know which should definitely help is flashing the original rom locally . as for me , i ended up using cyanogenmod on my devices , which runs quite smoothly ( htc buzz as well as motorola droid 2 ) . if you either have to flash ( the original stock rom ) , you might want to give cm a try . a good backup with titanium backup should take care for your data and make migration easier .
tested on mac osx snow leopard and mountain lion : with your device unplugged go to settings-> developer options disable usb debugging ; go to settings , in wireless and network section , go to " more"-> usb utilities tap on " connect storage to pc " . plug in your device to your mac and the tap on " turn on usb storage " and ok . you should see your device just like an usb pen .
after flashing a new firmware it is advised to perform a factory reset ( all your data will be lost , so take a backup . ) while the phone is off : press the volume up , home and power buttons together till it vibrates . now it has entered RECOVERY MODE . navigating using the volume buttons highlight the option wipe data/factory reset and press the home button to select and confirm it on the next screen . finally select reboot system now to restart the phone
there are two versions of the tablet , one with mobile network and one without . make sure you have the right firmware installed so that you get the right options .
awesomeplayer is the built-in media player , part of android 's media playback engine . it is also referred to as the stagefright player . you may be seeing the player 's entries in the log while not playing any music or videos , because it handles all media playback , including ringtones and notification sounds .
problem solved : the reason was a defect in the battery . there was a small crack over the side of the battery . it was replaced by the shop where i bought the phone last year .
tibu stores its backups in a folder on your sdcard ( either the internal or the external , depends on what you have and how you have configured it ) . so you can simply copy that entire folder over to your pc before applying the factory-reset . just check the root of your sdcard ( s ) for a folder named TitaniumBackup . after the factory reset , the folder should still be there ( unless your device is one of those including the card with the reset – hence the copy to pc , which in this case you now can simply copy back ) . launch tibu , and restore what you want to have restored . one thing to keep in mind : i do not know what is causing your trouble , but restoring the entire backup completely might bring it back if the troublemaker was included there , so take care ; )
well i found this to delete ( uninstall ) superuser : use root explorer and delete superuser . apk from the /system/app folder ( 1 ) . go to the android market and download and install super user . use root explorer again and delete su from /system/bin ( 2 ) . go to the market and uninstall super user . notes : ( 1 ) i use root app delete , but the idea is the same . ( 2 ) i try to delete but it is unsuccessful : ) i solve finally using this guide : http://www.androidrootz.com/2012/08/how-to-unroot-any-android-device.html resume : install es file explorer , install supersu start supersu in es file explorer start root explorer delete /system/bin/su delete /system/xbin/su uninstall supersu
you can have some custom roms , but if you want just to remove the bloatware , i would just root my device , uninstall those bloatwares and if possible unroot again . some rooting methods does permit to unroot and some do not . even in latter case all that has happened is just you had rooted your device and still have your original rom .
some devices ( i do not know about the nexus 7 , but i think it will be about the same ) only charge when they have still a little charge left on their battery , because - believe it or not - charging happens electronically . so it can be that your device has absolutely no juice left to run . an example of such a device is the blackberry playbook ( not android ) where this trick works when your tablet does not want to boot . but there is a simple solution for that , which can take some time . try to keep your device awake for as long as possible , even if that means you have to restart it a couple of times . of course you do this while your charger is connected . after you have restarted it a couple of times , it should normally boot up . i expect it will take about 7 or 8 boots for the battery to be charged at minimum level again . after that , make sure you keep the device connected long enough so the battery is fully charged ( have a look in your user manual how long it is recommended , most tablets need about 8 hours ) . another option is that your device just needs a little more juice to start . in that case you should leave it plugged in for some time ( i recommend at least an hour ) before booting . tl ; dr : two options you could try : 1 ) just keep restarting it , after a while it will start as normal . recharge the battery for a long time ( probably around 8 hours ) . 2 ) leave it plugged in for a long time before restarting
its called easter egg . all android versions contain same feature . you just hold that screen for 2 sec , and some more will be displayed . jellybean ice cream sandwich honeycomb gingerbread
when you are talking about an android rom , you are really talking of a group of programs , including the android base system , that are put together to work with your phone and that once installed are what you see and use when you start your phone without installing any app from anywhere else . you can imagine that the rom is the operating system of your phone plus the “default applications” that come with it . the thing with android is that is open source , so come people have managed to build systems configured to offer the user some things the original manufacturers of the phones don’t offer . this is the case of cm7 ( cyanogenmod 7 ) . if i install gingerbread , is that a rom like cm7 is ? gingerbread is the codename of a version of android , the 2.3 , to be exact . andorid 2.1 --> eclair android 2.2 --> froyo android 2.3 --> gingerbread android 3 . x --> honeycomb ( only for tablets ) android 4.0 --> ice cream sandwich android 4.1 --> jelly bean cm7 is a rom that uses as base system the android 2.3 system , so you can say that cm7 is a rom based on gingerbread . confused as to what exactly to do after a root , can i install gingerbread without rooting ? that depends . if htc offers an official rom upgrade to gingerbread ( version 2.3 of android ) , you can . if htc doesn’t offer this update , then you can only install an unofficial rom ( like cm7 ) . if i want to install htc sense , is that a rom ? htc sense is a pack of applications developed by htc to customize their phones and make themselves unique . htc sense is not a rom , but you can find roms for your phone that are based on the official rom with sense and some of the other parts of the system changed . rooting a phone is the process to gain full permissions . it is the equivalent of being the administrator of the system . once you are root you have full access to the system , so you can change it .
what is a force-close ? if an application encounters an unexpected state or some other programming error , it will issue an force close . in most cases you will be presented with a form that allows you to send log files and the cause of the force close to the developer . doing so will help the developer to fix the bug . first aid if it happens rarely , you might be able to " ignore " it . contact the app 's developer if it repeats from time to time . an extract of the logcat might be helpful to locate the issue . if it persists : a reboot might solve it if it still persists in a loop , preventing you accessing the device otherwise , and the app in question is one you installed yourself , you can boot into safe-mode and remove that app if instead it is a system app , a factory-reset might be needed if your device is rooted , you might boot to recovery-mode and " wipe cache " before going to factory-reset . if this works out , you will not lose any data . helpful questions/answers dealing with force-closes how to fix a force close loop on android with phone access ?
on some devices , yes , there is a way . i am not certain which specific devices this works on , but there are two methods you can try . the most platform agnostic way to do it is generally the following : install a launcher that allows you to create shortcuts to activities . adw launcher and launcher pro are both free and allow this . long press on an empty space on your home screen and select Shortcut-&gt;Activity . look for one of the following in the list of activities . either : a . a package named com.android.hiddenmenu which you can expand to reveal the rtn activity or b . an activity simply named com.android.RTN ( this is what i have on my galaxy nexus , cm9 ) . create a shortcut to the rtn activity . if given a choice between multiple ones , select the " view " activity . launch rtn from the shortcut and look for the " reconditioned status " entry in the list . if it says " yes " then it is a refurb . if it says " no " then it is not ( or it has not been properly noted as one for some reason ) . the less portable ( manufacturer dependent ) way of doing this is to open your dial pad and enter the dialer code ##786# , which will also take you to rtn if the dialer code is supported . on some devices it may also work with *#*#786#*#* . all of the above directions were summarized from this blog post .
astrid has this functionality . add a task by giving it a title and then clicking add a due date if you wish . this opens a page where you can tap a due date + time . click ok after making the necessary changes . click the blue + sign on the right to add the task to your list . now tap the task to edit it - scroll down if you need to and select details and then remind when due and overdue choose the options as you see fit and ensure that the ring/vibrate type is set to until i dismiss alarm . click add an alarm and choose when you want to be reminded . to avoid this rigmarole in the future , you can choose to set by default that reminders should ring constantly until you dismiss them . click settings > new task defaults > default ring/vibrate and then select until i dismiss alarm also see reminder settings where you can choose a ringtone of choice .
provided it can read the cpu temperature , the linux kernel will detect an overheat condition and gracefully shut down the device in the event overheating occurs . however , android does not contain built-in mechanisms that selectively disable components or reduce heating in the manner ios does , such as by dimming or turning off the screen , stopping charging , reducing the power of the cell antenna , or disabling the camera flash .
well , i did a more thorough research and found that deleted mails actually are archived rather than deleted . what i did not realize is that deleted mails are not in fact moved to [ imap ] /trash , they are just labeled like that . so they still are in all mails and can be found by browsing or searching . other labels are also preserved . this is a feature of gmail imap regardless of the client . problem solved - there was not any problem in the first place : )
what you are referring to are called htc scenes ( hero scenes link ) . off the top of my head i do not know of anything like that and only htc devices have the htc scenes . i just did a quick search of the market and did not come up with anything so my initial guess is : no , there is nothing like that currently . you would either need a sense-based custom rom ( not sure if there are any for the droid x ) or an htc device .
there is no manual or faq i have found for the program so i am not certain if this is the way they intended it to be used . it does work , though , and i can not see an alternative method of using usb . you need adb installed along with the proper drivers for your device . this varies with platform and phone , so check google or xda . enable usb debugging on your device -- settings > applications > development > usb debugging plug in , start droid vnc server on a command line , run these commands : adb forward tcp:5801 tcp:5801 adb forward tcp:5901 tcp:5901 visit http://localhost:5801 with a browser or point your vnc client to localhost:5901 i do notice that performance is not any better over usb vs a 802.11g , so i would only recommend going to the trouble of this if accessing your device via wifi is not feasible .
google earth is definitely available , i can see it in my market right now , however it needs android 2.1 as a minimum to work , so if your phone is running an older version of the os , then you will not be able to see it as the market hides apps that it knows definitely will not work on your phone . see the note at the bottom of this page , where it says that it requires 2.1 http://www.google.com/mobile/earth/
on your phone go to people . ( or phonebook ) choose your contact card . press menu button/edit . press on your photo/facebook . and it will be updated .
the freexperia team have added fm radio in their latest cm nightlies , and it seems to work .
i am working from memory here as i am now running ics on my phone so i may be a bit off here . if you go into your phonebook settings , you should be able to stop it showing your gmail contacts . now , to get them into gmail contacts just do the following . go to your phonebook , this will now just be showing you the contacts stored on your phone . you should be able to export this as a vcf file . copy this file to your computer . now just log into your gmail account , go to contacts and then import the vcf from there . then delete all the phone contacts and re-sync your phone to gmail . you may still have to do a bit of merging if you have part of a contact saved in gmail and saved in the phone memory but this will take most of the hassle out of getting them into gmail .
you could check out this wake on lan plugin for tasker / locale . ( have not tried it - would be interested to hear how you get on if you give it a go )
you can install f-droid to get a market-style repository of free and open source android apps : http://f-droid.org/
an android device in " mass storage " mode behaves just like a usb flash drive : it presents itself as an block device that can be mounted ( i.e. " used" ) by the host pc . just like an usb stick does . additionally " usb debug mode " can be enabled , which creates a new usb endpoint for the android debug bridge ( adb ) . this allows an user to get in-deep access to the connected android device and furthermore it allows the debugging of apps . this is the reason why you should never attach an android device with debug mode enabled to an untrustworthy pc . as usb is able to provide more then one endpoint per usb device , this " services " , mass storage and adb , can be used simultaneously .
the pda:na1 firmware is kitkat 4.4.2
try es file explorer . it can access user shared folders + administrative shares .
a good application to do that is the samba filesharing . it shares your sdcard , making it easy to transfer files from/to your phone . settings after installing the application from google play , open it and fill a password by touching the password menu . the default username is sdcard and the default workgroup is workgroup . you can leave it that way or change it in a way that suits you . i would recommend enabling and selecting your wifi in the wifi white list . that way it only enables samba sharing when connected to your preferred network . that done , you only have to go to your network shares and look for a device called android . login name : sdcard pw : ( the one you defined earlier ) open the shared folder and it will ask again for credentials , and you are done . here you have a video that completes this information .
how are you " evoking " this functionality ? video conferences do no appear from the ether . try a video conferencing app , perhaps -- like qik , fring , or yahoo ! messenger .
long pressing on the home button will bring up the six most recently accessed apps and you can switch them . how many stay in the memory depends on your phone and the size off the app . android keeps all opened apps in the memory until it needs space . there are countless apps that show what apps are running in your memory . search the market for " app manager " or " task manager " . one i particularly like is smart bar .
unless your phone have two sim card slots , support as you require is not possible . the market has adapters which goes into the existing sim card slot of phone and will help you to switch between sims after shutdown . the only advantage of using this instead of swapping sims by conventional way is to keep both sims together with phone and reduce wear and tear on the sim slot . samsung and other manufactures have dual sim phones which have two sim slots and the phone can be configured accordingly for usage . having said that , watch out for terminologies like dual active , dual standby . unfortunately confusion prevails even in manufacturer 's web sites . so , to be sure try the behaviour before you buy . you can read about these in the wikipedia .
download the zip to your computer , boot up the phone in normal mode ( just press the power on button when turned off - no bootloader , fastboot or anything like that ) and connect it to the computer via usb . the phone memory that opens up on your computer is where you should put it . it really does not matter the exact location , as long you can access it later in the twrp recovery ( the download directory mentioned in the guide is also there ) . then you can proceed with step 10 ( or step 15 if you have already installed the twrp recovery ) .
gtasks allows you to work with you task list offline on your phone and then sync when you have internet as do most task managers that sync with google tasks . i have never tried any of the others but i can say from experience that gtasks works well .
it can if you turn the function on in the settings . in the settings menu there is an option for " gps " , that when checked turns on geotagging : via gsm arena and careace
please feel free to use a folder structure which suits you . it is better if you create a seperate folder for pictures , inside media folder or on the primary folder itself . ( where the folders such as dcim and media are located . ) as your title asks , there are no hard and fast methods to transfer data to your phone . standard file transfer safety measures apply . about keeping seperate folders , do not use too many folders which might result in slowing down the phone . no matter where you put the images , the album app finds them . ( just make sure that you do not copy them in to folders that you do not know of ) have fun with android .
in addition to chahk 's answer , there are also geographic or carrier restrictions for some apps . these are basically up to developer , and we can only speculate as to why . you should contact the developer .
the general opinion everywhere is that the web marketplace is much better with search results than the marketplace app ( it is really puzzling as to why is such the case ) . and no , the problem is not india specific , it is faced everywhere . the same opinion holds for other stores as well , including apple 's appstore . the good news is , there are a few companies trying to make it better , namely chomp and tapjoy : chomp has been pretty successful and has been solving a truly-existing problem , which is evident since verizon now includes chomp in its tethered phones . for more info , see xconomy . com news article discussing the search issues in the mobile market places and apps like chomp and tapjoy .
magnetometer reports the magnetic strengths on the three axes of the phone . can work as compass , metal detector and can also be used to increase mapping accuracy .
if you live in non-us country , then you can follow a guide for installing the us-based ics on you xoom that i have written up on my blog . the basic procedure is : install android sdk and motorola usb drivers on your pc download us honeycomb stock rom from here extract all files from this zip file into platform-tools folder under android sdk boot the device into fastboot mode . then from command prompt ( with current directory ‘sdk/platform-tools’ ) run following commands- fastboot oem unlock ( this is red pill , at this point your device warranty voids ! welcome to matrix ! ! ) fastboot flash boot boot . img fastboot flash system system . img fastboot flash recovery recovery . img fastboot flash userdata userdata . img fastboot erase cache now reboot the device go to settings -> about -> update , this will download subsequent rom update and will install it , and then reboot repeat step-7 until all updates are done ( will normally need 4-5 update cycles ) note that it will void your device warranty
as you are using a galaxy s2 which has samsung 's touchwiz interface layered over the android os , some of your questions are specific to touchwiz , so i will answer them that way too , in a way that may not be helpful to people with a different interface : yes , there are a number of lockscreens built in , if you go into settings -> location and security , then you should see a section labelled screen unlock settings selecting set screen lock gives you some options . this is touchwiz specific . on the home screen press the applications icon to get to the apps list , then press the menu button and select edit . you should now be able to drag any icon off the " home row " , and drag any other icon on ( to maximum of four apps ) . there are a couple of other questions on this site about setting up quick dials ( like this one ) etc . but it sounds like you could do what you want by creating a starred contacts folder on your home screen . firstly go through your contacts and " star " any contacts that you had regard as favourites , then find an empty space on your home screen , long-press there , sleect folders from the menu that pops up and then select starred contacts . do not really use folders myself , so i will leave that to someone else . that was the first annoyance i noticed when i got my first android phone a few years ago , i use the sms popup app for that , could not use an android for messaging without it . never even tried doing that , but when you are in their text message conversation you can press menu then more then call .
go to your settings -> applications -> manage applications . select the ' all ' tab and scroll to the current dialer app . scroll down and press the ' clear defaults ' button . now when you select dial , you should be prompted to select a particular app and also have the opportunity to set a new default .
it is going to depend on the device . each carrier/manufacturer likes to add their own apps and widgets . some even pre-load multimedia files for you . so , this question really can not be answered . ( most definitive answer would be to just get the file sizes of the stock android roms . )
dbm = ( 2 × asu ) - 113 asu in the range of 0-31 and 99 ( for not known or not detectable ) .
the official issue database for bugs/features/etc . of the android os can be found here . copied from bryan denny 's answer to another question .
you can use the ping utility from terminal emulator or adb shell . also : https://market.android.com/search?q=pingso=1c=apps
after the latest update , the samsung messaging app provides an option to disable google talk messages . exactly what i was looking for .
i do not think gingerbread has a built in gmail widget but take a look on the google play store . i found an example : " gmail inbox widget " that is compatible with gingerbread and there may be others . you could set up gmail in the default mail app and use it is widget but that sounds like a horrible work around to me . aqua mail - email app says it is compatible with 2.1 and up . i think this would be the same as using the default mail client on your phone ( setting up gmail in the app and using it as an email client ) but it does have an email widget . email widget looks like it will do what you want but it is not free . check to make sure it is compatible with your version of gmail before buying .
there is a reason why pressing ok has to be done and cannot be avoided is this - the pin number can be of any length of your preference , and by pressing ok that is signalling the intention that there i have all the pin digits entered , now android , please verify ! if there was a way to avoid pressing ok , that would impose the restriction on the length of the pin digits used , once the length of digits is reached ( for example the pin can be four digits long ) , then it would be automatic , but unfortunately in this case , no , you do have to press ok .
you might want to see apps you have installed previously but since uninstalled in order to find an app that you but want to recommend to a friend . you might uninstall an app by accident and want to find it again easily . google play needs to keep track of this information anyway , for two reasons:- you can only review an app you have installed ; even after uninstalling a paid app , it remains available to you , and you can reinstall it again without paying . deleting an entry only hides it from the list ( on all your devices and the web interface ) , and has no other effect .
ah , cripes . i do not know what on earth put this .nomedia file on the root of my sd card . problem fixed .
ok seems adb shell ran-as "package-name" ...  should do the trick , but because of a bug , this cannot be done on 4.3 system . bug : https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=58373
yes , you do need to install a custom recovery in order to install cyanogenmod .
i found windows 7 bluetooth lacking so i bought a third party package and have no problem using windows 7 bluetooth with my android devices . the package was by blue soleil
that is normal . the htc stock recovery behaves like that . it is different from a custom recovery , you can not do anything with it . the stock recovery does only install the otas you receive officially . no need to worry about it .
as the " what is new " section says it is been updated for jelly bean , this looks promising : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.stericson.permissionshl=en i have never tried it , but assuming you are rooted , this guy 's apps are usually good .
from a couple of days a noticed too , that some pictures from facebook are not shown . if i login later they will show up , but other pictures will not . i saw a news that they made some changes to photos infrastructure so it is possible to be a temporary outage until they consolidate the new changes on all servers .
google has released google calendar as separate app officially on google play .
do you have any control over the ( presumably wireless ) lan that you are connecting your phone to ? it seems to me that the main part of your problem is just that your phone picks up different ip addresses each time it connects to your lan . if it always had the same ip , then you could either make a note of this , save it in your ssh client , or assign a name to that ip on your other machine ( s ) using a hosts file or similar . are you in control of your network , or do you know the person that is ? you ( or they ) should be able to assign a static ip address , or a reserved ip address , to your device so that every time you connect your phone to the lan it always picks up the same ip address . if it is a small , personal network then this would just be a setting on your device 's record on your router , if this is a larger network then it would be setup on the dhcp server and a matching a name record could also be setup on their internal dns to give you a permanent name .
looks like you are not the only one with this problem . a simple reboot seems to be working for most people , with some having to do a factory reset . if you have to do that , do not forget to use an app such as titanium backup to back up your apps first .
setting frequency to high end may cause problems like . 1 . heating up phone . 2 . burn battery . 3 . even you may damage your phone completely . over-clocking frequency will speed up your phone 's performance .
have a look at qemu . apparently it is known to run on arm . running xp ( if it even works ) is probably not going to be a pleasant experience due to what is noted by chris herbert and the probable lack of a screen/pointer driver . if you really want to do it maybe wait for the intel atom ( x86 ) based tablets . there should be some atom based windows 8 tablets about now . the androids are coming soon .
i believe the only way to stop the ota notifications for good is to unlock/root the handset and install fotakill . apk to the /system/app/ directory . the version of this app for froyo can be found within the gapps package . you might also need to " fake " your phone 's signature by modifying the /system/build . prop file and altering the ro.build.... lines , so that they match the latest os version . on my nexus one ( it is rooted and running cyanogenmod 7 ) these are the relevant entries : in either case you will need to root your n1 .
it is not really the " linux os " , it is the linux kernel . the vulnerability is not necessarily in the os , or the kernel . there are different exploits that are used . i remember some device being able to load any zip file in the recovery if it was " pre-pended " by a signed zip file . so they used a signed zip and added an unsigned zip to the end of the file . i think this exploit was for the original droid . no software is 100% bug free . if it was , then even a mature product like windows would not have to do security patch releases every month . no matter how smart the developer is , or thinks he is , more likely than not , there is probably someone smarter ( or at least they may know more about exploiting code ) . when exploits are discovered , google ( or the manufacturer ) has ( usually ) patched them . but since a lot of the devices do not receive updates very often , the exploit remains available .
ok , so it turns out that you need a different boot . img file for the motorola xoom wifi only model than for the 3g model . click here for instructions if you have a 3g model click here for instructions if you have the wifi only model ( including how to fix it if you have already tried using the wrong boot . img and you are being stared at by a non-responsive boot screen that has the moto logo and the words ' dual core technology' )
these steps were using an htc evo with htc sense - your menu options may be different but should be similar . there should be a " format sd card " in the phone " settings " . open " settings " , then go to " sd and phone storage " , then you should see " format sd card " . if the option is grayed out then you may need to unmount your sd card first and then format the card . make sure you have backed up anything you want to save with a backup app or just by copying whatever files off your card onto a computer because this will erase everything on the card . hope this helps
the play store app has two main features regarding nfc , both of which require the nfc permission . it registers intent filters such that when you scan an nfc tag with a market:// link or a link to play.google.com , you get the play store app instead of a browser , the same way you would when you click such a link . this does not require calling the getNfcAdapter function , but it does use the same permission . it uses android beam . if you look at an app 's page in the play store app , then bring another android device to nfc range , you can send that app link to the other device .
the problem was the emmmc is fried . the only solution is rma
i will recommend dialer one . i am 99% sure it can show contacts without pictures . it has lots of customization options , t9 search in contacts in slew of different languages . i have 900+ contacts and is really fast , i hope it works that way for 2000 contacts . be sure to fiddle with the options after giving it a try .
unlike the nexus s , the galaxy nexus has the odin download mode . it does have a fastboot mode as well though . so this is normal and you have nothing to worry about . my guess is that samsung just prefers working with odin and did not like having to work without it for the nexus s . or perhaps they had it in the latter but disabled it , and did not bother doing so for the gnex .
this xda forums thread sounds like what you are looking for . note that the apk has only been tested on froyo by the author . personally i use battery indicator pro , it can also tell you how much time is left on the battery for various usage scenarios .
you probably need to root it to gain access to the protected "/system " file system . xda developer 's has a ( probably ) outdated thread how to do it here . after you suceeded , you can take the usual steps to mod it ( remount /system read-write , copy your edited file over , etc . )
do you need to do if from your phone ? because if not , you can just use the gmail desktop interface to do this , i do this quite often and it is fairly easy : go to your contacts ( click Gmail in the upper left corner ) select the contacts you want to export put them in a new group you can call Tmp or something random then click on that group and find the Export menu item in one of the menus ( i think More actions ) export to google csv if the receiver will import them through gmail as well , otherwise you can consider vcard format . the file will download automatically . compose a new mail and put the newly created file as attachment . ( if you used google csv , the contacts can be imported using the same contacts interface just by clicking Import in one of the menus )
i have one found so far paid solution , but there is a 30 day trial to check it out . http://www.rerware.com/android/ ; android app mybackup ; you can backup data and apps , both online and on sd
the wallpaper was in data/data/com.android.settings/files/  on previous versions of android . however it appears that it was moved as part of the multi-user preparations . the current location is data/system/users/0/  the file is conveniently called wallpaper and it is a png file .
does a malicious android webview break the doublesubmittcookie countermeasure against csrf ? short answer : no . long answer : csrf exploits the trust that a site has in a user 's browser . csrf protection is not intended to protect the server from a malicious user agent or from an untrustworthy user . the user is responsible for choosing a trustworthy browser .
you can not disable the pop-up alone , but there are some other options:- you can disable the spell-checker completely . if your keyboard already provides all the spell-check functionality you need , then this might be a good option for you . in language and input in the device settings , untick spell checker . this will disable the pop-up and the red underlining for misspelled words . you can change the language of the spell-checker . from language and input in the device settings , click the settings icon next to spell checker , then the globe icon on the next screen . you can only have one language at a time in the default spell-checker , so this might not be helpful . you can install a replacement spell-checker . android allows other apps to provide the spell-check functionality in place of the built-in spell-checker . a different spell-checker might allow you to have more than one language enabled . once you have installed the spell-checker , enable it from the same screen described in the above alternative . in case some visitors are confused about the diffrence between the keyboard and the spell-checker , see this screenshot , from the android developers ' site : the red underlining , and the vertical menu of suggested corrections , are both provided by the spell-checker . most soft-keyboards also include a list of suggested word completions , which are usually in a horizontal line above the keyboard . here you can see ":" and " ; " , and the rest are hidden by the spell-checker 's pop-up .
about phone -> system updates .
cyanogenmod 7.1 has exactly this feature , but without faking data , only failing , if the app accesses the api . proposition for faking the imei was rejected . faking other data , like contacts , is currently under discussion .
go to settings -> call settings -> additional settings and find call waiting option ( its may be in different address in android 2.3 ) . enable call waiting it if is not already . if it was already enabled , but you never here beeps or receive notifications when another call happens , i think you should check with or consult your operator .
you can edit them by going to : Dialer (Phone app) -&gt; Settings -&gt; Quick Responses  i have tested it on android 4.0.4 cyanogenmod 9 .
this thread over at xda seems to be a pretty good start on this kind of resource . edit : i just noticed that the op in that thread admitted that most of the codes listed would not work in 2.2 . bummer . edit 2: found another one . no indication of whether these codes have been tested and if so what device/rom was used .
if it works like other " hot boot " apps and functions , then it basically restarts the android gui processes/threads . there was an xda news post a while back after someone made an app for it where the app author described it as such : hot reboot by rebooting only the graphical android shell . from what i know it is sort of equivalent to restarting your x server in a linux environment ( like hitting ctrl + alt + backspace , for example ) . i would definitely doubt that you had cause any damage by restarting your graphical environment , especially considering other oses do this pretty easily , but i suppose there is an outside chance if miui implements it strangely . typically the reason people use a " hot boot " option is if the ui has somehow gotten sluggish and would benefit from a restart but they want to save time by not restarting the whole system ( maybe a memory leak in the ui or something of that sort ) . it could also be useful if you need to restart the ui to apply some sort of change , like a theme perhaps .
i have found solution . i.e. i found how to organize stable internet through my phone using 3g . it could be done by lg pc suite , tools-> " internet connection using your phone " . it works without needing to switch anything in phone . but i still wondering why simple usb tethering does not work .
