i found dialer one which works exactly how i want : display in the contact list only the groups i want to display , with a big phone icon on the right to initiate the call .
if you install a completely original rom for the device , it will be unrooted . flashing the correct stock rom for your device will revert it back to its original factory state . remember to wipe both the cache and data when you flash . in the post you linked it also says : notice : these are not rooted , and contain radio/hboot rom updates
i am not sure about vietnamese , but for example in finnish , there are some extended characters that are problematic . this is because some pages are encoded as iso-8859-15 and some are utf-8 . if autodetection in the browser fails , they will be displayed as boxes or garbage . the same thing happens if the font only supports one encoding and the page uses the other . i would recommend to check the encoding of the font and the encoding of the pages you tried , and change the font if necessary .
if the bootloader comes locked , it can be easily unlocked . google does not let the flagship devices be sold any other way , since they are designed for development . endgadget says it is sim locked . this review says it is unlocked , but i bet they did not buy it with a contract . the specs for best buy 's " t-mobile version " state that it works for edge ( 2.5g ) on the 850 and 1900 mhz frequency bands , in addition to others , which are what at and t uses . so edge should be usable on any gsm network in the world ( i can not find the specs to see if the at and t version is likewise compatible ) . 3g/hspa will not work on at and t and some others , though , since it is limited to the 900/1700/2100 bands used by t-mobile . google confirms this info .
i use ssh in a terminal . so the private key is protected simply by the unix filesystem and android 's user-per-app design : only better terminal emulator pro can read id_rsa , and only ssh and other programs i am aware of run under it . whatever your app is , it need only do this to enjoy the same security from other apps . full-sdcard encryption , unless it comes packaged with a filesystem having a comparable system of permissions , will not protect your data from other apps .
please make sure that your build.prop in the /system folder is configured correctly and has the variable ro.product.device set , often time in custom roms the build . prop is not configured completely and some of these variables are necessary for certain functionality checks . you can open it up in a text editor and look for it and make sure it is set and there are no bad characters in there that might affect it being parsed properly . also check these variables and make sure they are set as well , it is good to have them : ro . product . model=xxx ro . product . brand=xxx ro . product . name=xxx ro . product . device=xxx ro . product . board=xxx ro . product . manufacturer=xxx
there is an app called screen resolution that will tell you the , ummm , screen resolution : ) what device do you have , i have seen some specs for devices coming with a 12.1 mp camera , mostly by sony ericsson , but i do not think they are out yet , so it is possible that the manufacture is not lying .
loudness compensation boosts the volume on the high and low ends of the frequency band . as you might expect , the higher you set it , the more it boosts . it is mostly useful for balancing out the sound on cheap headphones , which tend to have poor response at the upper and lower bounds of their range . if you are putting worthwhile sound equipment in/on/around your ears , you probably want to leave it disabled .
honeycomb was a tablet-only version of the os it was only ever released for a few devices the source code was never released not released until the source for ice cream sandwich was available , and even then the android devs noted that 3 . x source was not complete it never had much in the way of market share see also : what percentage of users use each of the android versions ? is android 3.0 honeycomb only for tablets ?
this turned out to be a problem with my router - earlier today i also noticed that i could not connect to my printer either - it seems like the router had gotten in a weird ap isolation mode or something like that somehow - i rebooted it and i can connect to the s4 as expected now .
as devnul3 has said , using google for the contacts and calendar ( i was using google as an exchange account , so i did not have to do anything special ) . just set your android up with the same google account . moving smss can be done with sms migrator , which can be found in the android market . there is also the spb migration tool , which looks like it can do everything but notes .
if you enabled " my location " in Settings &gt; Location &amp; Security &gt; Use wireless networks then your cell/wifi and/or gps data will be sent to google to triangulate your location if there is an application in the phone that requested for location . your gps data may also be sent to google if you are using google latitude , google navigation , location-aware search , or use other location-based services . third party applications may also track your location , read their privacy policy before installing those applications if you are concerned . edit : according to android central android does the same sort of thing , boys and girls . and it is supposed to . but it does it right . instead of saving days and weeks and months of location data , it saves the 50 most recent cellular gps locations , and 200 most recent wifi fixes . and it is stored in a little file on your phone . . . . you can shut off android 's location services and stop further caching of location data . it is in settings> location and security .
i have a nexus s for t-mobile , and i have enjoyed it so far . there is only been one update for the nexus s so far , to 2.3.3 . i did not get it the first day , so i installed it myself . unless sprint turns it off , you should be able to tether . i can both over wifi and usb . i have never needed to root , and i am a rather advanced android user . you can unlock the bootloader without doing anything fancy on the nexus s . i truly enjoy having a clean phone . there are a few apps installed by google that i can not remove ( with root you can ) , but they do not bug me much . it does not have the load of crapware that most carriers apply , and it definitely does not have the various awful custom uis manufacturers feel they need to add . it runs fast for everything i do , including some light gaming ; i generally wait till i am at my pc to game , but it plays angry birds and robot unicorn attack just fine .
you can use android debug bridge ( adb ) shell to issue basic linux commands on your phone , just like you would in a terminal emulator app . to install you will need to do the following : on the phone go to Settings -&gt; About phone , and tap on " build number " seven times . this enabled developer tools . go back to the main settings screen and you should now see Developer options under the " system " section . go to Developer options , enable " android debugging " option , and then tap OK on the verification prompt . on your pc download the android sdk tools from here . you can either download the whole sdk , or just the stuff necessary to connect to your phone , which is on the same page , under " download for other platforms -> sdk tools only " section . install the tools you just downloaded . download and install the usb drivers for your phone ( usually provided by the manufacturer . ) re-connect your phone to the pc with a usb cable . open command prompt ( assuming windows , ) navigate to where you installed the sdk tools ( e . g . " c:\android-sdk\platform-tools\" ) and type in the following : adb devices if all of the above was done successfully , a prompt should pop up asking you to allow connections from this computer . accept the pairing request , and the prompt should show your phone 's id . if this does not happen - it usually means that the drivers are not installed correctly . back at command prompt , type in adb shell and press enter , and you should be connected to the phone 's terminal . this should get you started . adb commands are listed on google 's site here . the shell provides some basic linux commands like ls , cp , etc . be aware that most file and device management commands will require root ( i.e. . elevated privileges , ) which is a separate topic .
if you ever give your phone to a repair person or a rep at a carrier store you should assume your data can and will be looked at . unfortunately , i saw this all the time while working for verizon . we had reps that could not wait to get their hands on a phone and start looking through pictures and other private files of customers . i have actually seen reps save customers pictures to their own device ! it is one of the many , many reasons i quit . bottom line : anything on your phone can potentially be accessed and seen .
samsung phones that are running touchwiz ( samsung 's fork of android ) do not support native themeing , as is the case with other manufacturers such as sony and acer . you can check if you are running touchwiz by dialing *#0*# on your dialer - if a new screen appears , you are most definitely running touchwiz . to achieve support for the theme apps you see on the play store , you need to install or flash a custom android rom , such as cyanogenmod and paranoidandroid .
i do not think you can set separate default numbers . however what you could do is set a shortcut to message that contact and leave the default number empty so it can prompt you when you call . to set a message shortcut : long press on the home-screen , select " shortcut " , then select " direct message " . this will launch your default messaging app to send a message to that contact to whichever number you set when you create the shortcut . hope this helps
you have got quite a few apps that can do it : wifi file explorer wifi file transfer 3rd : wifidroid , it does not let me post more than two links because of my reputation , but you can search in google . 4th : airdroid , it allows you to transfer anything , and even control your phone with it . i have used the first too , both free and pro versions , i like the 2nd more , the 3rd i never used .
if you are using google talk and have a gmail account , your chats are automatically logged in gmail . if you search for label:chat , you should be able to find that conversation and copy the text from your gmail application . btw , i think that the fact that you can not copy the text from the chat app really needs to be fixed .
yes , this is well possible . ususally , the manufacturer advises to use its cables only . but usually , there is no problem with other cables . however , there might be a problem with the phases of the cable . sometimes if a cable is folded one or more of the phases can break or a solder joint at the jack might be loose . if it is the wrong one , your phone might charge very slow or even not at all . but you also mention that your battery drains fast . you can take a look at it by using apps like better battery stats by chamonix or the usual battery monitor . if you do not find any strange energy-consuming threads , then it might well be the cable - either a defect like broken phase .
i have solved the problem . the device has a custom rom and you cannot unblock them so . i had to flash the device with a stock one and odin and then it asked me for network key .
solved : while the rageagainstthecage exploit is not working with the infuse , you can root it with the psneuter exploit . easiest way to do it is with the superoneclick application .
my guess would be that Media Scanner was scanning a lot of files . hence , eating up cpu resources and battery . now that you have lesser files , it is probably not working as hard . see if you have Media or android.process.media in System &gt; Battery . a rogue app or a corrupted file could be causing Media to work hard . you could also try to clear the phone 's cache to see if that helps . boot into recovery mode , and clear cache partition .
you can ' encourage ' the phone to rescan the sd card by unmounting and remounting it ( settings > sd and phone storage ) , or by using a little app from the market called ' sdrescan ' ( which essentially does the same thing ) .
according to the download page of htc sync manager , htc desire phones should be supported . in my case when i first started the application it started loading all my media files from my pc ( which took some time ) . after everything was loaded , the music etc was stored in my media gallery of the htc sync manager . if you want to disable the synchronisation of your phone on connect , disable the option " automatically start sync when device is connected " under the more tab . in my case that tab was only available when you connect your phone ( probably to be able to use different settings for multiple phones ) . so maybe you should just try to reinstall the latest htc sync manager , because it should work for your phone too . just be a little patient .
you can install the android sdk and use ddms to monitor the logcat . the thing with a logcat , it is cleared when the device reboots , but you may be able to get an idea of what is crashing if you are monitoring it before it reboots . you can probably also find unofficial cm9 nightlies for the galaxy s2 , but i am not sure what issues still exist for that device .
try using atrackdog , pretty sure that'll be what you are looking for !
you can not ssh from your phone to your mac when using mobile data because you are no longer on the same network , and thus can not use the internal ( rfc1918 ) address to reach it . when you are using wifi , it works because you are on the same network . in order to reach your computer when using mobile data on your phone , you must do both of : ssh to your computer 's public ip address ; and forward port 22 from your home router to the computer you want it to reach .
it has not been updated since november , and was removed from the official market , but as far as i know it is still around . you can get it from http://android.modaco.com/content/software/320350/19-nov-r14-visionary-one-click-root/
samsung replaced the screen ( it was under warranty )
you mentioned that you are not a us citizen , but do you live in the us and have a us phone number ? if not , google voice is not yet available outside us , and you just have to wait for them to expand the service .
sounds like a hardware issue . i suggest promptly replacing it with your carrier before your return grace period is up ( 30 days with at and t , for example . ) you will need to do this at the same store where you purchased the handset . i have the exact same problem with my new atrix . unfortunately ( for me ) i unlocked its bootloader , so at and t is refusing to honor the warranty . i sent it in to motorola for repairs , but it is still doing the same thing ( moto was nice enough to re-lock the bootloader , but at and t is still not budging . ) in my case , i have a feeling that it is either damaged battery contacts on the phone , or perhaps a faulty battery itself . i am planning to send it to motorola again ( on their dime this time ) to see if they can fix it for real this time .
yes , it is up to the carrier whether to distribute the update over their network , but it looks like the update did roll out on orange . strange that you did not get it and can not see it . that said , updating via htc sync is perfectly safe and will not void your warranty . it is nothing like rooting . i would think you should be able to take it into an orange location and they will update it for you , but i would just do it with htc sync myself . your link is for the 2.3 update , rather than the 2.2 update ; i do not know whether you can go directly from 2.1 to 2.3 with that update , but it should not hurt to try .
google talk was never on the android market . it should have come with your device if it was a " google approved " device , e.g. one that met their minimum requirements ( see this for the gingerbread requirements ) . the google apps that come pre-installed on devices are usually not listed publically on the market . an exception is maps , for example , which is not preloaded on some devices either . you should look under your app drawer for " talk " ( rather than " google talk " , it is easy to miss if you look for that instead ) . if it is not there it can probably be side-loaded if you root your device , but that is another issue .
without doing any research about it at all , this sounds like something that is right up winamp ' s alley . i know it supports streaming audio , but streaming video might be a different matter . edit : also , this guy suggests renaming . m3u8 files to . m3u as . m3u has wider support in apps . perhaps save the . m3u8 file you want from the web , rename the extension , and play it that way ?
i found this article that explains how to disable it on the galaxy note i717 . i do not have a sg phone but i imagine the solution would be similar for yours . go to settings > manage applications > all apps locate badgeprovider and tap on it click on the disable button
this is because of the update not being done on a clean install . also samsung phones have touchwiz overlay on android which is a bit heavy . to make your phone fast do a full factory reset after taking a full data backup so that you can restore everything ! doing this would clean up any mess left behind by the update process . always try and do a clean install for a major update .
if you do not have data service at all on your secondary sim , you can not download the sms . since the sims are from different carriers , the primary sim can not connect to the other carrier 's mms service , and therefore the message can not be downloaded . the only solution would be to replace your primary sim with the secondary one , establish a data connection and download the mms . otherwise you can not download it .
i do not know if this applies to the s4 but on my nexus devices it shows up on my pc as a ' drive ' but i can not access anything until the phone is unlocked ( the normal screen lock - pattern/pin ) . if you have a screen lock set it should not allow access to the device until you unlock it .
they are the same thing , auto backup is basically just a new ( and more appropriate ) name . the only thing that changed is that now it uploads your pictures in original quality ( part of the reason why they bumped up everyone 's google drive limit to 15gb )
it should show your pictures as they are added ( aka not all-or-nothing ) . i would try rebooting your device , also check if maybe your battery level is low ( under i think 20% it does not upload , similar to dropbox )
close odin , disconnect your phone , restart odin , reboot your phone , put the phone into download mode again , and then connect your phone and ensure odin sees it . sometimes odin just does not recognize the device and you need to try again . odin will show something like the yellow highlighted area below when the phone is properly connected :
seems that no special folder is used to store attachments - strange since i am definitely saw the message ' picture too large - compressing ' when trying to send an image via mms . i would have expected this to be saved somewhere . i will accept my own answer here , unless someone else can give some valuable information .
they work like normal shortcuts , just long-press the icon and drop it into the recycling bin , and then open the app menu , long-press Search and drag it down to the dock . edit : the dock in question is not customizable from the default settings , but it can be patched through clockworkmod . the most comprehensive customization options i have seen can be found here . the files need to be applied through clockworkmod so the device has to be rooted . just download the file you prefer , move it to the internal sdcard and apply the update from recovery . be sure to backup first , just in case .
you could have a detailled explanation of what is in the /proc directory in the linux man page
somehow there was a proxy set up in the apn settings … edit : to change the proxy you have to go to the settings and click on mobile data . select access point names , select the active apn ( or the one you are having problems with ) check/reset the proxy/port settings .
some websites load new content as you scroll down the page , to prevent new page requests thus reducing bandwith . i . reddit . com is one off the top of my head , the market app does this also .
all modern cars have cpu which measures and controls few parameters of its engine . these cpu ( s ) will have an interface socket ( looks like scart connector ) with which issues are diagnosed at service center . there is a special hardware which goes into this socket and can transmit engine parameters through bluetooth . google play store has an app called torque which when installed in an android phone , can receive such parameters and displays on the screen . i am not too sure whether the obd device can detect fuel level , but it does sense a lot of other engine related parameters like hp torque etc .
this is an issue i have as well , it lies with the apps , whose settings override the default ringer and vibration settings . in order to completely disable vibrations you will have to disable them in settings > sound , and individually in each app . twitter app you will have to go to settings > and there is a notification settings sections that allows you to disable vibration . as an aspiring developer , it will be my goal to default to system settings but allow for customization , as it should be . . .
you can not , this is a current permission problem ( bugreport here ) of android 4.0+ 's /sdcard folder if it is not using fat32 ( but fuse ) . reason : there is a transition away from fat32 to unified user storage for both apps and media data ( using ext4 ) on a single file system . we got tired of seeing oems include many gb of internal storage for music , while users were still running out of space for apps and data . this approach lets us merge everything on one volume , which is way better . -- dan morrill , android engineer at google the old fat32 properties are emulated using a fuse layer to be compatible with existing apps . also : /data/ and /sdcard on google devices starting with the nexus 7 use a single partition only ( /data/media represents the " sdcard " content and is exposed using the fuse layer to apps ) . here 's cyanogenmod 's implementation of the fuse driver if you are interested in seeing the source . looks like setting timestamp attributes is implemented , though . edit : it only works with root . exact reason : all files are owned by root . sdcard_rw ( see here ) . a caller withouth uid=0 can not call the utimensat ( ) syscall , it fails in the vfs layer already ( eperm ) for timestamps other than current : the caller 's effective user id must match the owner of the file ; or the caller must have appropriate privileges . to make any change other than setting both timestamps to the current time ( i.e. . , times is not null , and both tv_nsec fields are not utime_now and both tv_nsec fields are not utime_omit ) , either condition 2 or 3 above must apply .
what you are referring to here is called sideloading - this is a term used when loading an app on to a device without using the/a market store . it is possible to get apk files for apps , but there're generally good reasons why most developers do not make these publicly available - some developers will make these available thought , it depends on the individual . i would email the developer in question and ask if you could have an apk version of the app . i would not imagine that they would have any issues with this if your request is legitimate and above board .
as no " bullet-proof " system is required here , and at least some level of trust assumed , possible solutions hide behind the buzz . . . ahem , key-words kiosk-mode and child-protection . in short : you create a " jail " you are working in , and hand it is key ( password ) to the teacher ( let him/her set a password – of course on the premise to unlock you once the exam is over ) . options on establishing a kiosk-mode are already discussed in several other questions tagged " kiosk-mode " , so there is no need to repeat them all . you might wish to take a look at surelock kiosk lockdown , which should meet your requirements : one of its features is to prevent access to system settings . so disabling all network features ( mobile data , wifi apns , etc . ) and then locking the settings with the teacher 's password should satisfy both sides – provided you have allowed all required apps for kiosk mode . as the " dirty trick " to regain control would also remove all data from the device ( factory-reset ) , it cannot be expected you had do that during the exam ; )
have you tried pdf . js extension for firefox mobile ? it is a bit slow and unstable for now , but it should work as expected .
you could make use of the condition state&rarr ; bluetooth connected : the device is connected to another device via bluetooth . if either of name or address are specified , they must match a connected device . connections to non-paired devices ( e . g . while pairing is taking place ) are ignored . warning : tasker can not directly detect when a bt device is connected , only when a connection or disconnection is made . as for the task , take a look at music play : play a sound file from the sd card . file is the path to the file on the sd card e.g. music/wow . mp3 alternatively : notify sound : show a notification on the top bar and play a sound . the specified title will appear on the bar initially . notifications with a particular ( non-empty ) title replace existing ones with that title . when the notification area is pulled down , the specified text will be visible . or notify vibrate , play ringtone , say ( synthesize the given text into speech ) . . . trying a raw thing ( i did not test this ) : condition : state→bluetooth connected ( specify the parameters ) task : say " you are connected now . " for more information , you might want to take a look at the user manual . also check the tasker homepage itself for more guides , faq , how-tos , etc . moreover , the wiki contains a lot of ready profiles , step-throughs , and more .
answer from vi . su . in comments ( to make it clear for other users ) found out solution to this problem . in fact , this is not a problem at all . nfc device in the nexus phones is the source for this sound . when placed near a rfid / smartcard , it actually tries to read it aloud . galaxy nexus nfc weirdness
background data is anything that involves mobile data or wi-fi ; it will use whichever is enabled ( i think wi-fi has higher preference ) . this includes autosync , background polling , notifications , and other similar operations that will access mobile data . assuming you do not have any task / data killer that runs in the background when your phone sleeps , the mms will be sent you do not need to have the messaging app open . however , if the sending fails ( after a certain number of retries ) , it will fail and you will have to resend it manually . update #1: autosync depends on background data . if background data is disabled , autosync is also disabled . autosync is used by accounts defined in settings ( in s4 , System Settings &gt; Accounts ) . but it is also possible to have background data enabled , and autosync disabled . in this case , apps could poll and show notifications ( e . g . twitter ) .
just found my answer . in people app go to Menu &gt; Settings and tap on the setting Search contacts by . there mark the option of Company as selected . there you go : )
press the power button on the device . all phones should have them and they are usually the buttons that lock the screen as well . if you happen to not have a lock button you can change how quickly android will lock the screen on idle in settings . the way to change this varies from different flavors of android .
the main difference is that the launcher screen contains all installed apps on your system . you cannot order it nor do anything but using the icons to access any application . in the main screen you can : add shortcuts to applications ( icons like the ones in the launcher screen ) , you can place each icon in the place you want . add widgets that provide rich functionalities like clocks , calendars or weather access . if you want to compare your phone with a computer , launcher screen is the equivalent of “start menu” in windows , while the main screen ( s ) are the equivalent to the desktop .
i am not 100% sure about the nexus 7 , but with my nexus 4 , you can hold the power button for a very long time ( something like 20 seconds ) and it will hard-shutdown . this should help facilitate a hard reset and let you get into fastboot or recovery mode if you need to .
while you are on wifi , have a look in wi-fi settings > menu|advanced . it looks like it is easier when you are on wifi than when you are on a celular signal ( 3 or 2.5g ) . i have found a blog post here that seems to do what your asking , but you may need to have rooted the phone , or at least be comfotable with editing a few system bits and bobs .
from here i tried http://androidforums.com/droid-x-support-troubleshooting/196653-help-market-place-gone.html to get the marked app back , without doing a hard reset . used astro file manager opened astro , clicked up navigate to /system/app locate vending . apk push on it to install it , clicked ok etc now back on home screen , follow what is suggested about a clean slate . . . settings -> applications -> manage applications chose all find market push on it and select clear data go back to main home screen , turn your phone off and back on
as uri seems not to place it in an answer , i will do so -- to help other searchers see there is an answer ; ) as pointed out , there is a miui control panel , which should ship with most miui roms . if it is not included with yours , you will find it in an app called extended settings .
you mean the antenna on in the internals of android handset , underneath the battery or nearby it ? if so - the short answer is no - am afraid ! the firmware and radio base-band is definitely off-limits , closed and proprietary .
one click root methods use a simple rootkit exploit package to gain root permissions to the android kernel . once this is done , they modify file permissions to make the rooting permanent . these exploits have been patched by google and device manufacturers for a long time now , and the vast majority of one click rooting solutions are outdated and no longer work . in other words - your firmware is too new . it has been patched against rootkit exploits .
in my case , the upgrade to the android 4.3 did not replaced my custom /etc/gps.conf file . it was edited by hands on rooted device before the android upgrade and stayed with the same content afterwards . answering myself : )
the files are generated by samba when it encounters file name having invalid windows file name characters like : , \ , &lt ; , > , | or directories ending with dot . the reason the files appear on your android device is they were synced back from your pc . you can safely delete the files , but they will mostly likely reappear again , as long as files with invalid characters are created by android apps .
enable usb debugging , plug your phone into a computer via usb for a couple of minutes and disconnect . - source you can also try a faster memory card , as ^ has adviced . keep some reasonable amount of free space on phone memory , move apps to sd card if necessary . android often suffers performance issues when internal memory is low ( much like any os , really ) . if nothing else works , try a factory reset and record it again . if there are no lags , it might be because of any resource-intensive apps you have installed .
i cannot say for all apps you listed -- but for some , the following applies : some system apps ( as e.g. the market/playstore app ) have to be present in /system in order to work . for the playstore app , the reason is : the permission to install other " packages " is only granted if one of the following two conditions is met : it is signed with the same certificate as the system ( rom ) itself -- which does not apply in your case , due to the custom rom used it is installed as " system app " ( i.e. . below /system ) -- which did no longer apply in your case , since you uninstalled the app from there expecting the pre-conditions given , developers might have forgotten to include a check and implement appropriate exception handling -- which then may lead to the described force-close . similar constellations might apply to other apps/packages as well -- though i am not sure what should make the google translate app so special ( maybe it has some special hooks i missed ) . you could try to find out by following roxan 's advice , to integrate the app as " system app " again using e.g. titanium backup , and see if it still force-closes .
messed around with it a bit more and found a solution . i just had to go to settings -> accounts and sync to delete the exchange account .
strobe light is a kind of light which goes on and off a given number of times . the inverse of the number of times it goes on and off in a second is called its frequency . strobe lights are used to see rotating objects to give an illumination that the rotating object is stationary . by adjusting the strobe frequency the speed of the rotating object is matched to get the desired illusion effect . there are many uses of strobe light from testing and instrumentation to dancing !
the problem ended up being transient ; i rarely restart my phone . somehow it got stuck in ' on call ' mode , so the proximity sensor was enabled despite nothing being running . a reboot resolved the silly issue .
actually , i believe samsung has suspended the 4.3 update for now . have a look here .
as @axeman said , the connector is an ultra small surface mount coaxial connector ( quite a mouthful and still could not get how it was abbreviated as u . fl ) which is a kind of expansion port which could be used for any radio communication , including gsm , wifi , gps . and as @lie ryan said , the fourth terminal in the battery is for connecting the antennae in the battery to nfc circuitry on the motherboard . few searches in google confirmed this and gives raise to following information : those who have nfc in their phones , may lose the nfc capabilities if they try to replace with cheap and duplicate batteries which may not have the nfc antennae as said here . i am summing up all the points to make this question as answered . i was unable to accept @axeman 's answer as complete as it did not answer the nfc part and @lie ryan had added as a comment only . kudos for them both ! update : i happen to get hold of lg p500 's service manual which confirms the rf connector with the following image tagged as sw1001 .
if you use swype you can move the cursor by swyping from the swype symbol to the sym key . that brings up a screen where you can do easy cursor movements and text selection . also , you can correct words easily by double-tapping on a word ; this will bring up the word choice box .
i can not reproduce it . it may have been fixed during an os upgrade . if it comes back i will refresh the question .
you can not delete it , only hide it . go to the google play website . make sure you are logged in . click the gear icon in the upper right then click settings . your devices should be listed there . uncheck " shown in menus " on the device you do not want to see any more .
just got a kindle fire as a gift . so far i have been more than disappointed . no apps no amazon prime membership . no cloud . no mp3 's no storage . yes facebook works . yes i can check my email . yes i can browse the web . bottom line is , if you are in canada , spend a few more bucks and get a tablet that you can use . . .
for gsm devices , as far as i know , the proxy settings for your mobile data connection are defined in the access point name ( apn ) . go to Settings &gt; Wireless and Networks &gt; More &gt; Mobile Networks &gt; Access Point Names &gt; [Your data APN] ( your device 's menu may differ slightly ) . check the Proxy field - it is possible this got modified somehow . might also be worth snooping around your carrier 's website for the recommended apn settings and double-checking that everything is correct . once finished , press [Menu] &gt; Save and give it a test .
the radio frequency of a 2g radio operates in the range of 900 and 1800 mhz ( source ) - varying from country to country . the radio frequency of a 3g radio operates in the range of 2100 mhz ( source ) . as far as samsung galaxy nexus lte l700 ' s specification is concerned , the 2g frequency is CDMA 800 / 1900 , 3g frequency is CDMA2000 1xEV-DO and lte ( 4g ) frequency is LTE 1900 . as far as samsung galaxy nexus i9250 ' s specification is concerned , the 2g frequency is GSM 850/900/1800/1900 , 3g frequency is HSDPA 900/1700/1900/2100 and lte ( 4g ) frequency is LTE 2300/2400 . the above examples clearly means that the phones use different radio frequency for each type of network and hence when switching from one to another it goes into no network mode momentarily and hence the data connection stops .
the issue is related to , as far as i know , cyanogenmod policies . . in some countries call recording is illegal and therefore cm team has not implemented this feature . it is really annoying because the issue applies to certain ( but not all ) regions of the world . i do hope that cm developers will come up with some sort of hack in the future . for now i am using auto call recorder ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.appstar.callrecorder ) and using mic as a source . the volume of inbound audio is very low unless the mic is turned on during the call . call recording is the only feature i lack in cm . . .
go to the market and search for screen filter . it can get much dimmer than the brightness control by controlling the screen colors rather than just the backlight .
as of google+ 4.3 you can select which local folder are included in auto backup .
the error stating that the avd 's config is missing a kernel file is because when i checked the avd manager , the concerned avd had a red cross-mark against it ! once i repaired this avd i found that the error was eliminated !
it seems tethering on sgs2 on cm10 is currently broken , according to entropy512 on xda developer : cm10 supports tethering , however wpa/wpa2 tethering was broken on devices with bcmdhd wifi until i fixed it earlier this week . some devices may not have the fix enabled yet ( it has to be enabled on a per-device basis , since the " fix " will break devices that do not need it . )
ifixit has a teardown that shows the wi-fi antenna is on the back . interestingly , when i took it off and looked i saw that it was nicely labeled too . also , the wi-fi reception seems much better after reattaching the cover . maybe my antenna was not connected very well . it appears a simple mod could be done to attach an external wi-fi antenna if i needed to do that . a mod may be in my future .
while unlikely , it is possible that the nexus 7 does not support your local lte network . it seems like aero2 only operates lte on 900mhz and 2500mhz ( take that with a grain of salt though ; it may be incorrect or incomplete ) . the nexus 7 2013 apparently does not support either of those frequencies . oddly enough , apparently neither does the ipad mini . you may want to contact aero2 or whatever local providers and find out which frequencies ( or " bands" ) they operate in your area . it does not matter if their network or sim cards are "100% certified for the nexus 7" , they may not operate the appropriate frequencies in your area specifically . rather than ask " do you support the n7 ? " , ask them " what lte bands are operational in the area with the postal code [ your postal code ] ? " if your area should have a band that is listed on the gsmarena page for the nexus 7 , then you may have problems with your device . if not , then you may want to find a carrier that supports lte on the appropriate bands in your area .
here is a ( mostly ) non-android solution for you . you will need to ( sign up for and ) use if this then that . create a recipe . 1 your this will be the gmail channel , specifically the any new email trigger . 2 your that will be however you had like to be notified . i like pushover but sms will work just as well . you will use the send me an sms action ( or send a notification for pushover ) . 3 now you can be notified of new messages in your gmail without even actually having gmail on your phone . 4 1 if you prefer , you can just use this recipe ( sms ) or this recipe ( pushover ) . 2 if you do not want to be notified on every new message , there are other triggers you can use , like " new email from " or " new email from search " that can be more specific . 3 unfortunately there is no google+ channel . there a lots of other channels for lots of other services . 4 ifttt triggers usually do not go off more than every fifteen minutes , so do not expect your notification to be instantaneous .
this is samsung 's " quick glance " feature , which triggers when a hand is waved over your sleeping phone . you can turn it off in settings -> my device -> motions and gestures -> air gesture -> quick glance .
after relocking and unlocking again , it worked for me .
you should never mess with the system without having a backup . to get root back you can just re-flash the rom that you are using without wiping anything . this will remove whatever happened with your busybox .
the solution is pretty simple , far more easier than i anticipated : partition your usb drive/sdcard , into two partitions , using this easeus partition master , which is what i used . partition layout needs to be one with 1gb of space with fat32 filesystem , that is for the installer . remaining partition of type ext3 ( linux partition ) . the installer , when live-booting from the usb drive/sdcard , will show the just-created partition on the usb/sdcard , just select that partition to install on it and its done .
google finally offers the solutions : google maps engine can solve the problem and is free available in the play store
there is epub3 reader available on f-droid and github ( not on google play – though an app using the same package name exists there , it is not the same , but obviously based on the original developers engine ; long story behind that , not fitting here ) . its app description explicitely mentions this feature : parallel texts ( e . g . , original text and its translation into another language ) . find some screenshots here . picking one example : looks exactly like what you are after .
the bad news : you very probably can not . if the manufacturer decides to backdoor your phone 's firmware , it is hardly detectable by individuals . phones consist of many components of which only a tiny fraction is really authored by the manufacturer . think of drivers and firmwares for various chips like the baseband , wifi , sensors , the various open source parts like the linux kernel , the android system itself , the closed source google apps and additional 3rd party packages from other other companies , that are preloaded . to be sure , you would need all of the firmwares ' source code and a way to compile it in a way such that the official builds and your build match bit by bit to prove that the source code matches the firmware ( and nothing was secretely altered ) . now one still needed to audit all the source and scan it for backdoors/vulnerabilities . to get an idea : truecrypt is a popular disk encryption software for many operating systems . in the wake of the nsa scandal its sources have recently been binary matched with the official windows releases which was a very tedious process ( report here ) . a source code audit has not been conducted yet , but there is a ( now ) still running indiegogo project for funding that audit with currently ~35k us$ pledged for doing it .
the standard android browser does this for me on most ( non-banking type ) websites . when i start typing my username into the login box it shows a drop down of names used in that login box before . selecting one of those fills the password box in too . if you go into the browser and press menu -> more -> settings and then scroll down the settings window to the privacy settings section , there is a tick-box there for remember form data , then if you scroll down a bit further to security settings , there is a tickbox for remember passwords . make sure that both of those are ticked and you should be ok . i am on a galaxy s running the official samsung froyo 2.2 release , and i am sure my old htc magic running stock android donut 1.6 did this too .
in dropbox 2.0.1 ( and in pre-2.0 versions , iirc ) , you can tap on a text file and it can offer to open it in " db text editor " which comes with the app ( or some other editor which has been assigned to open files with . txt extension ) . note that this will not work on just about any other file -- dropbox does not recognize mime types , but rather uses the extension to pick a program to open a file with , even if the file in question contains text . this also works with other file types -- for example , i am able to open my password database from keepassdroid ( extension . kbdx ) .
it is about 290 dpi ( just crunch the numbers : use the pythagorean equation to get the " pixels " diagonally , then divide by the screen diagonal ) .
make sure your google acct does not sync picasa photos . . . then go to settings > application manager > all apps > gallery > clear data and cache . deletes the synced album . similarly you can clear all synchronised data from gmail also . in settings-> accounts-> google-> your account , you can uncheck all options . so your google details will not get synchronised . . .
digital clock does almost everything you ask . ignore the rubbish picture from the page , it is a full-screen clock with white text on black and it is free . to configure it as you need , launch the app , then open the settings ( tap the screen to open the options then tap settings ) then set : clock -> screen timeout to unchecked . clock -> orientation to landscape . time and date -> show date to unchecked . you can also adjust the time format and colour if you wish . the time is about half the screen height , but i can easily read it on my phone from more than 20ft away so that may not be a problem .
you need to put the headset into a pairing mode . according to the manual , the procedure is as follows : turn the headset off press and hold the mfb ( multi-function button ) for 6 seconds until the led flashes red and blue alternatively and you hear a beep search for bluetooth devices on your phone and select the phbt5 enter 0000 as the pin if asked when the pairing is successful and active the led will flash only blue regularly
found it . . . . message board service started bluelocate service started here is the app causing theses messages : connectdroid
i was under the impression ( before stumbling upon this solution ) that the notification system was a part of the secured android system , and would only be available for modification while rooted or modded . this little application , notification toggle , gives you the power of notification power widgets without root privileges ! as far as graphical and design changes , the most likely solution is a custom rom , and you will most likely not be able to do this without rooting and flashing a rom . note : this app does not seem to enable you to change the lookout of the notification bar , which , upon second reading of the question , sounds like most of what you are looking for . i was excited about this app , so i felt compelled to share it , but i do not believe it allows for cosmetic changes to the notification bar :/ sorry !
i use the tasker application to change the screen timeout and brightness ( as well as the gps ) when i use maps or navigation . i turn on gps and disable timeout when starting maps/navigation and turn them off on exiting . tasker allows you to specify certain tasks that are activated when opening/closing and application . it has several other features and uses , but i find it works well for the problem you are having .
no . my friend got an extended battery so i tried my case with his phone -- the extended battery is really large , so it will not work . which is a shame , because the otterbox defender case is so large that a hypothetical extended battery otterbox defender would not be significantly bulkier than the current otterbox defender ( regular battery ) . if otterbox made a defender case specifically for the bionic with the extended battery , i would buy both that case and an extended battery . i guess that the market for that specific case is just too small .
generally bluetooth uses less power . on my htc desire , i use bluetooth because it lasts longer and consumes much less power compared to wi-fi hotspot when connection is idle .
the way i generally deal with truculent apps is by following each of these steps until it starts working again . force stop clear cache clear app data restart the device uninstall/reinstall ( this may be tricky with the market app )
actually , it should not be necessary to connect the tablet to your desktop . all you need to do is to log into google play on your desktop with the same account that is registered on the tablet . then navigate to an app and press the Install button ( or Installed if it is already installed on one of your other devices ) : once you click Install , a dialog will appear which allows you to select the device to install to : after clicking Install , click OK on the next dialog that pops up . then connect your tablet via wifi , wait a bit , and the app will be installed !
unfortunately , i do not think there is a simple solution . your simple options seem to be : use google music and select a subset of music to keep offline do not use google music for offline tracks ; instead sync them yourself use the " fix incorrect match " button on the web interface to force your low-quality songs to be uploaded ( you can use gmusicapi to automate the process ) make enough noise that google devs take notice ( i am willing to bet their servers support this feature ) one last thing : i was under the impression that matching a song did not automatically get you access to a 320kbs copy . when uploading , the music manager actually provides the bitrate of your copy of the song ( here 's my code ) ; i have seen low quality ( eg 128kbs ) local copies matched and then produce a &lt ; 320kbs copy when redownloaded . so , if you have got time to burn , you could conceivably use this to your advantage : re-encoding to poor quality locally and reuploading may result in lower-quality server matches .
if you still want them to show up in your inbox , things get complicated . you would have to create filters to label every kind of message you do want notifications for , and then in the gmail app you would turn off notifications for the inbox , followed by syncing and turning on notifications for the label you just created . if you do not care if they show in your inbox , do the following from the web gmail : go to Mail Settings -&gt; Filters -&gt; Create new filter put youraddress@gmail.com in the to field put Chat with in the subject field hit next check Skip the inbox hit create filter alternatively you could turn off the saving of chat history , which disables offline messages , but that has its own downsides .
use a file manager such as astro file manager . i will use my file manager quick to check though . edit : so on my galaxy s2 the directory is /sdcard/download . /sdcard is the root directory on my phone and not actually an sd card . it is the 2gb of app storage on my phone
the superoneclick dev 's website http://shortfuse.org/ states on their august compatibility list : all 2.3.4 devices need a custom root method . looking around , there does not seem to be a universal one click root method for 2.3.4 yet , most of the root methods for the later gingerbreads involve flashing custom firmware , etc which is more involved .
looks like the latest version is 1.9.2 . i found a rom in xda developers miui 1.9.2 sd here instructions of how to update miui sd are in the thread hope this helps .
if you view a chat and open the overflow menu ( the three dots ) . click " people and options " you should see the " people in this hangout " . if you then click on the person you should be prompted to add them to your contacts .
i am not sure if this is htc specific , but this is what i need to do to get a " direct dial " icon on my htc desire . long press on where you want to add the icon hit ' shortcut ' hit ' direct dial ' select the contact you want to use ( if the contact has more than one number , you will need to pick which one ) there should now be an icon that will have that contact 's photo and a small phone symbol on the bottom right . if you hit the icon , you will immediately dial the contact .
official ota 's from htc could only be installed if you posses the stock recovery . you can download the right one for you from xda here . when you have downloaded it you can just flash it by typing this ( with your phone connected in fastboot mode ) : fastboot flash recovery path/to/recovery.img disclaimer : probably the update will not work if you have a custom rom installed on it ( custom roms sometimes have different packages that the ota will corrupt ) . if you want to update via ota you should first install a stock htc rom too .
looking at your file permissions , it looks like a simple permissions problem . the file does not have execution permissions for any users . you can use many different options to set permissions : chmod should work on most cases . you can also use many file managers to set file permissions individually . the option you wound up using , es file explorer , is an excellent example of such . you should also read up on unix permissions if you are not already familiar with the subject . it'll be a great help in the future .
i assume you are referring to the htc sense clock widget that appears on the home screen ? it looks like this : if so , it is important to note that the location listed there is indicating what location the weather refers to , not the time . htc 's support site has an explanation of how to work with the widget , including editing settings . it sounds like you added a new location to the weather configuration ( which is why it separates it into " home " and " current location" ) , but it is still showing some other , non-current , and non-"home " weather forecast . for that , you will want to read checking weather , also on htc 's support website . it explains how to add new cities to the list , how to rearrange the order of the cities ( e . g . , so that the important one shows up first ) , and most important : how to delete one ; ) do not worry about it being for the htc desire s -- both phones run android with htc sense , so the steps will be the same for both .
yes , it uses the light sensor , and yes most of the smartphones support it . as for how does it work ; smartphones , generally , have a light sensor located in the bezel right next to the screen that measures the ambient light together with control software that appropriately raises or lowers the screen brightness based on the measured light level . if you are watching in the dark the screen should be appropriately dim . when the ambient light level is higher the screen needs to be made appropriately brighter for two reasons : because of glare from ambient light reflected off the screen , which washes out the image , and because the eye 's light sensitivity decreases substantially as the ambient light level increases .
go to : Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; All -&gt; Web [or Internet]  hit " clear defaults " and that will change it to again ask every time .
you should be able to execute the df command from within any terminal app or via adb shell . it would list up all available file systems and their " free space " ( df stands for " disk free" ) . but you would need to know what is what there . to give you an example from one of my tablets : so just like cinderella you have to pick out the good ones , but simply can ignore the rest ( or you can take a look at android folder hiearchy to learn the important ones ) : /system is where your os and its system apps reside . rarely interesting to the end user , as it is not writable ( except you can make it such on rooted devices ) /data is your " internal storage " */sdcard* ( differs between devices and android versions ) your internal or external sdcard ( see next item ) *external* ( may be external_sd , external_sdcard , ext_sd , . . . ) is your external sdcard . if that entry exists , the one mentioned with previous item for sure is the internal one . so in my example there is enough free space available : 1 gb on /data ( internal storage ) , 3 gb on internal sd , and 26 gb on the external . as these values are yielded by the system itself , one should be able to trust them : ) remark : i ommitted some of the df output to make it better readable .
switching the primary account on google play seems to continue the auto-update process
from http://www.google.com/intl/en_uk/mobile/android/market-policies.html , product removals : from time to time , google may discover a product on the market that violates the android market developer distribution agreement or other legal agreements , laws , regulations or policies . in such an instance , google retains the right to remove those applications from your device remotely , at its sole discretion . if that occurs , google will make reasonable efforts to recover the purchase price of the product , if any , from the originating developer on your behalf . if google is unable to recover the full amount of the purchase price , it will divide any recovered amounts between the affected users on a pro rata basis . from what i can gather from above , it seems that the app in question will be removed from your device and you will be entitled for a refund . ( not strictly a full refund sometimes ) the app fails to be removed from the device and you may not get a refund . ( though i suggest you can contact google in this case ) if the app exists on your device , you can use it any how and it is not under jurisdiction of google anymore . and answer to you alternate situation , again , yes google will make reasonable efforts to recover the purchase price of product and the refund option will probably work .
first remove the network from known list . then when you are adding that wi-fi network on your tablet use manual dhcp and enter the details from your phone . . . this should work without issues . .
nope you can not . android phones are a bit " blocked " for other oses to be run and installed on the device . . . by the way the first approach for this can be found at hd2 toolbox and hot bootloader , which may help developers to build boot some other oses on top of android . different from the windows mobile era , that for example my htc touch pro2 can run android ( fully featured ) and ubuntu ( with some restrictions ) , not to mention al those oses that have been ported to the htc leo ( hd2 ) .
my answer on that other question was not quite right -- i have a us variant on the galaxy s , and the process to get into download mode is not exactly the same . i will update that answer shortly , in the meantime here are the odin instructions : go to this xda thread and download the newest firmware for your region . download odin for windows ( search for " heimdall " if you are on linux ) . then do the following : put your phone into download mode remove the battery hold volumedown plus the home key plus power . while holding , reinsert the battery . release the power button , still holding the others , about 1 second after the white " gt-i9000" text appears . after a few seconds a yellow triangle with an android in it should appear , this is download mode . if it does not , try this again while holding power the whole time . start up odin . attach the phone to your pc via usb so that odin recognizes it . load the . zip file you downloaded ( the rom/firmware ) into the pda field of odin . load the 512 . pit file into the pit field of odin . check " re-partition " . hit start . odin will tell you when it is done ; if it fails , reboot your phone and try again . ( this happens occasionally ) . note that if you need to back anything up , you should do that beforehand and save the backup to your pc , since everything ( except probably the external sd card ) will be wiped on the phone . also note that you do this at your own risk ; odin is very powerful and misusing it can damage your phone . i have used it dozens of times myself safely .
when you are in the browser , open the menu , choose More | Settings and select " set home page " .
not a direct answer , but there is an effort underway to improve the mobile versions of the stack exchange sites . stackexchange-url i have used my android browser to interact with the stack exchange sites and it works pretty well .
investigating in this issue , we already have a lot of broken screen questions providing some clues : you could hook your device to your tv screen via hdmi . this should mirror its ( invisible ) screen . of course this would require your screen at least to respond to touch events . airdroid might provide some help , as it allows to manage your device for many things , and also advertizes to stream the screen of your android in nearly real-time you could use some vnc server , and start it via adb as described in broken screen + using adb shell to run vnc server the latter obviously was the solution fitting you best , as you reported having done exactly that with vmlite vnc server . not the cheapest solution ( this app comes for about us$ 8 ) – but certainly cheaper than paying off a tech : )
it may be your file explorer is not written well . you could try to use a different file explorer , such as es file explorer . or , try going about it from a different way . instead of using your email program to look for an attachment , use your file explorer to ' share ' the attachment , and choose to share it via your email app . it will add the file as an attachment and open your email app . as long as your email client is listed as a possible ' share ' app , this should work . if neither of those work , try getting a new email client . since the email client is not showing all of your file explorer apps when selecting to add an attachment , it may have written its own ( poorly designed ) app selector .
the component name is specified as the package name , then a slash , then the name of the class . so in this case , the command you want is:- am startservice --es toggle toggle com.urbandroid.lux/.TwilightService  for future reference , and to help avoid confusion : the intent is the name of the message you are sending to start the service . the thing that you want to start is a service , not a " service intent " , and the thing you found in the manifest is a service , not an intent .
" fake flash " when you boot into recovery via vol-down at power up , you get stock when you boot into recovery using rm you get update . zip you need to flash permanently eg via alpha rev , unrevoked or via adb . i have a desire so what i used may not work for you .
does this work for you ? contacts -> menu -> delete -> select all -> delete if not there are apps " delete contacts " in the market you could try .
the stock android browser , as long as the website uses a file upload control it can . i just used the upload tool on twitpic , which uses flash , allows me to select audio , video or image files , and uploads them to twitpic .
i have an evo and had this problem as soon as i started moving a lot of apps to my sd card . basically , apps moved to an sd card are stored in a secure area and it apparently takes android a while to make this " secure " area available at boot , and this may not happen before your launcher starts . the more apps you have , the longer it takes to do whatever it is doing , and at some point you will find none of the sd card apps available at boot . restarting your launcher may or may not be necessary ; the one i use , tag home , does seem to notice apps becoming available on the sd card . . . sometimes . i found that a hot reboot ( a partial restart that only reloads the phone 's ui ; you can find apps that do this in the market , though you need to have rooted the phone ) would usually help , but i had to time it properly , or do it multiple times . i read somewhere that gingerbread ( android 2.3 ) makes this better . the evo came with 2.2 and recently a 2.3 ota upgrade appeared for it . i have not yet installed that for a couple of reasons : first , as i said , i rooted my phone and need to be cautious with this , and second , there were some bugs reported in the upgrade which will be fixed later this month . so i do not yet know firsthand if this is true . i have had much better luck partitioning my sd card ( adding a dedicated 1gb partition for apps ) and using an app from the market called link2sd . not only do the apps usually seem to be available by the time the launcher loads , you can move the entire app to the card ( did you ever notice that apps take some internal memory even after moving them to sd ? ) and even moves apps that can not be moved the usual way . ( hbo go wants 15 mb of my internal memory ? not anymore ! i even moved adobe flash to sd and it continues to work fine . ) however , you have to root your phone to do all this and it is fairly advanced .
effectively nothing . the two desktop torrent clients , utorrent and bittorrent used to be developed by two separate groups . late 2006 , µtorrent was purchased by bittorrent inc . since then , they started shipping bittorrent as a re-branded utorrent , but also kept utorrent around . wikipedia because of this , they maintain one program , but have two versions separated only by name , and it seems as though they carried this over to their android apps as well .
if all you did is download an . exe file , you have nothing to worry about . it is a program for windows , and it can not run on your android phone . just delete the file you downloaded to make sure no one copies it to a windows computer by accident . but if your router is infected by malware , do not use it at all . it can intercept and impersonate every website you use and visit . it can steal any login details you enter on websites and pretend to be you .
1:you could try to use a different usb cable , as this will sometimes interfere with the hardware . 2:try connecting on a different usb post ; the individual port could be malfunctioning 3: have your phone already unlocked and turn off the screen sleep : go to > settings | then either > display settings > sleep > never turn off screen general settings > sleep > never turn off screen
please erase all data and the dalvik-cache ( if you have recovery ) . are you using the stock or custom rom ? this looks to me like a bug in the rom to do with nfc - this is the only reason the device would lock up like that . if you are using a custom rom , i suggest you contact the rom developer with the logs , if not , check for a software update . edit : the nfc service will only run if nfc is enabled - if you disable it , and then reboot , it should no longer be active . if it is you can kill it via Settings-&gt;Apps-&gt;Running .
you could try to disable google people ( contacts ) sync application using storage/apps menu item and then disable contacts sync option for google account . after that you should be able to add contact which is marked as phone only - not synced . hope this helps . . .
unfortunately , as the comments state , there is currently no way to automate this - and i for one wish there was , as i find myself deleting loads of folders as well . you should do it manually - but methodically , and it starts to seem to take a lot less time , as you start to think about it . one thing to look out for is folders for game apps that you installed , as they may contain the downloaded game data - which can be quite large , which you may wish to keep incase you want to install and play the game again . like izzy mentioned , sd maid finds some of the orphan files for you - but not all .
ahh , schneier on security , unvy gb gur xvat . :- ) tl ; dr it may be possible , no one can say for sure . and since no one knows if it is possible you can not block it , because you do not know what and therefore how to block . but first , let use investigate the statement step by step : note that the article is from 2006 . . . said mobile providers can . . . google is certainly able to do so , if you are using a google services enabled device ( usually the ones with " by google " on the back ) . but basically every hardware/software manufacturer , whose parts are placed within smartphone ( or traditional mobile phone ) , is able to install backdoors in his products , which could by used third parties to manipulate the device . either because they bought this access or because the manufacturer is forced to , for example by a ( secret ) government regulation . . . . " remotely install a piece of software on to any handset , . . that is possible and every time you install an app over the play store web interface you use this technique . . . without the owner 's knowledge , . . usually you will see visual feedback about the installation process , at least until it is running . but the notification about the new app stays in the notification bar . but no one can rule out that there is a silent install method too . . . which will activate the microphone even when its owner is not making a call . . . android apps are able to activiate the microphone if they have the permission to to so . but if the app came with a silent install method , who knows if the permission for the microphone was also silently given ? and now , how can i protect my privacy ? as soon as you buy a piece of hardware/software without having the ability to verify the hardware and software components for surveillance backdoors , you are lost . but there are alternatives . there have been attempts to create open source hardware and software for smartphones . therefore allowing you to review the components for unwanted modules . see for example opoenmoko .
i was surprised there was no official google app . i am using cloud print on my galaxy s3 .
on the htc incredible i just searched for the particular app in the market , selected it and unchecked " allow automatic updating " from there . hopefully it works that way on your phone ( and others ) .
no you can not flash an international rom on your device . because your phone 's configuration is different than international version . details are given below : chipset : qualcomm msm8960 snapdragon ( at and t ) ----- nvidia tegra 3 ( international ) cpu : dual-core 1.5 ghz krait ( at and t ) ----- quad-core 1.5 ghz ( international ) gpu : adreno 225 ( at and t ) --------- ulp geforce ( international ) if you flash this , it may brick your phone . see this
basically your options are to find a rom to flash for that device and flash it . or find the apk that you removed and re-add it . you will probably need either a custom recovery , like clockworkmod , or you may be able to put the apk back on the device using adb from the android sdk . i am not sure what the custom rom state is for this device , so it may be easier to find the apk that you need . if you can not find the apk , but can find a custom rom , you could pull the apk from the rom package .
the transfer of energy in a lithium ion battery generates heat . the components in the phone generate heat . charging with gps will generate the most heat as the gps , cell radio and battery are all being used , while charging . anything you do while charging will cause the phone to get hotter than if it were running on battery alone . also , the heat while on battery will come from a few sources . first , the more power it is using ( gps , cpu intensive apps , large downloads , hotspot mode , high screen brightness , etc . ) , the more heat will be released from the battery . also the components themselves , like the cell radio and the cpu/gpu will generate heat . combine all these factors in different combinations , the device can heat up . also , there is a known radio bug that can cause it to heat up too . if the phone loses service , it goes to max power to reacquire signal . sometimes the phone does not drop to normal power after the signal is restored , causing the radio to operate at max power , generating heat and placing a large draw on the battery , again resulting in more heat . this will be evidenced by a linear decline in your battery and high heat after a loss of service . a simple reboot will solve this , though it can still happen again . and if you are concerned about the phone overheating , it will not . if the cpu gets too hot , it will just slow down the cpu until it cools down . if the battery gets too hot , it will shut off completely . you can turn it back on when it cools down . ( if it gets too hot while charging , the first thing it will do is reduce the charging current or shut it off completely , before shutting off . )
you can take screen shots with ddms and the android sdk . it is not hard to set up . see http://www.thefireblog.com/2011/11/16/houston-we-have-screenshots/: so , here’s a quick summary people : install the android sdk tools , then the platform-tools edit your adb_usb . ini file to add the 0×1949 vendor id at the end ensure that adb is running properly check that your device is online run ddms start taking your screenshots using the device > screen capture option .
at adobe reader click on top part of screen , then you will see top toolbar . at toolbar you need 4 button from right corner of toolbar .
this is what i did in android 4.1 and gmail : open gmail tap the overflow menu ( three vertical dots ) and select settings tap the account for which you do not want to get notifications uncheck the notifications option that should be all you need to do .
with the stock keyboards , no . some 3rd party keyboards may allow this , but i do not know any . there are some keyboards that have additional options too .
the folder you are seeing is the internal sd one . just put your update . zip file there and search for it , it might be hidden in the scroll , just go down and it will show more files in the folder . to make the process a lot more easy , just rename your * . zip to update . zip , but the file in the root of the internal sd card folder and use the install update . zip from internal sd method .
this might be some compatibility issue -- despite the fact that it seemed to work fine initially . it is not the first time i read such in connection with a class-10 card . i would recommend to get yourself a class-6 ( good enough and fast enough -- only in rare cases you would really note any difference ) , maybe preferably from a different brand than the current class-10 , and give that a try . chances are very good your trouble will disappear this way .
i have a nas that uses standard windows shares ( smb ) and i use the image transfer app to push all my new pictures and videos to my server over wireless ( it is a paid app but very cheap and in my opinion worth the small fee ) . also see this previous question : app to sync photos to a network drive over wifi ? which has a few alternatives and where image transfer came top . my device comes with a web-page interface , which is how i do most viewing of pictures , files etc
i ended up manually changing my dns server to tether internet from my mobile phone . my phone uses a local dns server from my mobile carrier which i was able to trace using compruebaip . any other dns server is blocked by my mobile carrier ( globe telecom ) . i reckon that my phone 's dns service is not properly working . when tethering , the dns provider should be my phone which serves as proxy when connecting to my mobile carrier 's dns servers . thus , i had to set them manually on my laptop . i am using windows 8 and my phone is an android gingerbread 2.3 . so basically , the problems are : my mobile carrier is bad . they are blocking other dns servers and are monopolizing dns requests . this is not good because their servers are not that good . my phone 's dns service appears to be broken . this means my laptop could not connect to the dns service of my mobile phone which then forwards dns requests to my mobile carrier 's dns service . fortunately , after two months of despair , i was able to resolve this . this is what i did : find out what the actual dns servers are my mobile carrier is using through compruebaip . manually set my laptop 's dns servers to the one used by my mobile carrier . even better , i retained google 's public dns server 8.8.8.8 as my primary dns server and used my mobile carrier 's primary dns server as my alternate dns server . so , now , i can use my mobile phone as my internet provider for my laptop whenever i am not at home or at work without having to change anything every time i use it .
auto-fit is supposed to force the text to wrap based on the size of your screen when you zoom in on a web page . i think . as long as i am connecting the right term with the right action , it has limits . for instance , the page width does not actually change , and images and side bars will not change position , shape , or size . basically it is designed to keep you from scrolling sideways to read the text of an article .
why are there any apps starting when the drive is attached ? first you need some background information what is going on there . many things on android are " event-based " . that is , when " something " happens , the system issues a " broadcast " saying so . some well-known and easy-to-understand events include boot completed storage ( un ) mounted ( usually sdcard removed/inserted , or some external drive ) battery low network changed apps can register " listeners " for specific broadcast-events ( intents ) , so they get started/awakened/informed then . again some examples : media-scanner wants to know when a new storage " entity " got attached , to check for music/pictures/videos to insert into its internal database location service wants to know about network changes : if there is a new network , it might be interesting to determine the current location several apps ( far too many ) want to start at boot so obviously , your archive app has registered a listener for the storage broadcast , and similarly your app . how to get rid of that ? for your own app , you could adjust its code correspondingly . but that is no task for us here , but if needed , you can discuss that at our sister-site stackoverflow.com. for all other apps ( the following is applicable to other combinations as well ) , you will need your device to be rooted ( details can be found in the rooting tag-wiki ) . then go to the playstore and get yourself an app like e.g. autorun manager pro ( yes , for the following you will need the pro if you decide for this app . i chose it nevertheless , as it turned out to be the best in my tests a while ago ) : autorun manager ( click image to enlarge ) as you can see in the screenshot , autorun manager permits you to disable each listener an app may have registered separately . and their names are ( in most cases ) quite descriptive . so use arm , go into its " advanced mode " , look up the archive app , and check what listeners it has registered . disable the one sounding reasonable -- and your issue should be solved . you can change that anytime you want . whenever the modified app is updated , you will have to do that again . you also can simply revert all changes with two taps , as arm has a specific " restore " feature for that . ps : as you have tagged your question auto-start , you could have hovered your mouse over that tag , and select the " info " link . this will bring you to the tag wiki , where you can find most of what i just wrote ( and maybe even some additional information ) -- so i recommend reading that as well . furthermore , take it as hint for the future : many of our tag-wikis contain first-aid . and in many cases that might already be enough to solve an issue : )
i am not sure if the following will be a perfect match for you , but you always can adjust it once you have got the idea . in my example , i will refer to tasker only : not having worked with the secure settings myself , i can only tell things about it from the hear-say and what i have read . basic tasker knowledge assumed : conditions : State &rarr ; Wifi Connected , parameter : SSID set to your wifi 's ssid State &rarr ; Display is off task : Display &rarr ; Keyguard off 1 this is with plain tasker , and should solve half of your problem : when connected to the specified wifi , and the display is turned off , turn off keyguard . as soon as you turn on the display , the condition is no longer met -- and keyguard would automatically be activated again . problem will be : if you do not take any immediate action , that probably locks your screen again ( first action of keyguard ) . to prevent this , you could try adding an exit task : exit task : Tasker &rarr ; Wait , parameter is the time interval ( start with e.g. 10s ) Display &rarr ; Keyguard on 1 this would cause the keyguard re-activation to be delayed by the given time interval . i did not try this -- it might very well be that keyguard still would lock the device , even though you already might do something in another app . but you have already noted the " footnote sign " , so let 's go for that : 1 instead of handling keyguard directly , let secure settings do that . i know it has the ability to e.g. have keyguard only come up once ( initially ) when a condition is met . this would simplify things greatly : the task then would be Plugin &rarr ; Secure Settings , and the secure settings parameter should be to set keyguard as described : " only needed once initially , then no more until the condition is no longer met " . also drop the " display off " condition : when the display is off , you cannot unlock it either ( you see where your problem most likely was ) . so it should work as you have intended -- after the first unlock . not exactly what you wanted ( one-time unlock is still needed ) , but almost . the exit task would not be required in this case , as tasker automatically reverts back once the condition is no longer met . play a little with this , maybe secure setting even allows for something better .
try something like this . its an app that has sorted that sort of problem for alot of people . hope that does the trick .
asssuming you mean adobe photoshop express it is set by default to only show you camera pictures . you should be able to change a setting to make it look at the rest of your phone 's storage . open photoshop express , press menu ( on ics press the ... in the corner of the screen ) , select more and then settings and scroll down to near the bottom where you should see the option show camera photos only in phone view , take the tick out of the box and press back to get back to the main photoshop express window where you should already see it filling up with all the pictures it can find .
if your phone is rooted and got clockworkmod installed , then try formatting and creating an ext partition in clockworkmod . its the most simplest and easiest way to do it . it will automatically take care of your fat partition too . for more info , read this article
yes , connectbot supports pubkey authentication and tunnels .
if you had adb debugging enabled , there is an easy way to do this using the sdk . all you have to do is connect the device to the computer while it is booting , and type : adb shell su mount -o remount,rw /system rm -rvf /system/libskia.so mv /system/libskia.so-back /system/libskia.so  to get the adb binary you will have to download the android sdk , or google ' android mini sdk ' . if you did not have usb debugging enabled , then the only thing you can do is flash a new rom . you would have to install cwm recovery , and find a rom for your device . if your device has fastboot you can easily flash a recovery file that has been made for your device by using the fastboot flash recovery &lt;recovery .img file path&gt; .
to charge at the maximum rate , the charger must identify itself as a charging device by shorting two middle usb pins . this is in the usb specification . proper chargers come like this . other chargers can be modified to short the pins together . i have personally modded a griffin usb car charger in this manner . before the change , it would charge in " usb " mode . after soldering together the two pins , the phone charges in " ac " mode . one caveat : i have not done any tests to see if this changes the charging rate , but it certainly charges quickly after the mod . everything i have read about this phone says that it will only pull 500 ma in " usb " mode . references : wikipedia entry regarding usb charging spec . look for the words " dedicated charging port . " amazon user review with instructions for modding a certain car charger .
i had this issue with my old g1 . the only resolution i was able to find was to do a factory reset on the phone and re-enter the google id with the @gmail . com extension , as os version i was running does not have the ability to remove your google account . newer os versions do seem to have the ability to remove your google account from the phone and re-enter it with the new extension as i have been able to do this on froyo at least .
*its probably talking about either talkback , soundback , or kickback . ( talkback being when you divert to home it with articulate " home" ; soundback producing a ping ; kickback producing a vibration ) but i would make sure to double think which one you prefer or really need being that you will not be able to uninstall once downloaded . once downloaded it should give you an option . *
the easy way is to go to your wifi settings , and hit Menu &gt; Advanced . it'll show up there , or you can set it to a static ip if you want . the cool way is to dial *#*#4636#*#* to open the testing menu . then click wifi information , then wifi status .
in this case an os upgrade solved the issue . for someone in a similar situation without an os upgrade ( or other fix ) in sight , it might be worth taking a look at vcard manager ( which claims to be able to open all types of vcards ) or contacts vcf , which says to open any .vcf file : vcard manager and contacts vcf ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants )
reinstall cm with minimal gapps , your /system folder is most probably full due to gapps-kk taking up too much space . http://goo.im/devs/banks/gapps/4.4.3
if it does not work out of the box , which is the case with many android phones , then you have a few different options : a launcher replacement which adds this feature ( may not work with all roms ) a custom rom like cyanogen mod , which has this feature built in . you can read more about custom roms here wait for an official update which adds this feature . ( may never happen )
yes , it is possible . some devices even have an official ( branded ) adaptor for doing this , such as the asus transformer tf-101 . as you surmise , though , if the tablet does not support it , external convertors are quite unwieldy and typically need their own power supply , as they typically have to buffer a whole frame at a time in order to work . newer data projectors support hdmi or even mhl input , which allows you to use any tablet or phone with micro-hdmi or mhl output , with the appropriate cable . using either method , the presentations do not have to be of what is on your screen . android 4.1 and up provide a way for apps to send different visuals to the external display from the built-in screen , so ( for example ) presentation apps can show your slide on the big screen and notes and controls on the tablet itself .
found a solution myself . the problem was that the adb and fastboot tools in the htc sync program did not work . i solved it by downloading the android sdk , installing platform-tools , removing htc sync from the path variable and adding the platform-tools directory in its place .
okay , somehow or the other , i got it to work using tips gleaned from various links from googling ' brand new galaxy nexus not booting ' . i have not figured out the issue , but i had the phone plugged in without the battery and inserting the battery then showed me battery charging image on the phone for the first time , but it quickly died out and i could not start the phone . after subtly pressuring the battery randomly , i got the charging screen back and switched it on . some of the posts in the aforementioned googling suggested there might be slight defects in the chinese-made galaxy nexuses ( apparently it was made in both korea and china ) , and mine is made in china . it might have to do with the battery not getting placed just right . i suggest to anyone facing similar issues to try to see if there is any effect with inserting the battery with the phone plugged in as i did in my case .
the string "3.0.8+ root@ubuntu #412" is the kernel version of your android . it does not mean your device is running ubuntu , though : it is not unusual that the kernel version includes the name of the machine it was compiled on . so it just tells you what the dev of your custom rom uses for development .
it sounds like no one has cracked the latest version of your firmware to allow for root access so you will have to downgrade to an earlier version of your stock rom . you may have already seen all this in your travels but if not , it may help . warning , this is by no means a definitive guide , but it is my best shot : downgrade your firmware : here is an old guide on how to downgrade , but it still should be relevant . here are old roms for your phone . root : this guide over at xda is pretty comprehensive . it was last updated in august , but it looks like it was edited just two weeks ago so it should still be good info . i would read through the thread and to see how it is been working for people . there may actually be more relevant instructions later on in the thread . again , i have no idea if this will work , so proceed at your own risk .
there is this tool called RSD Lite , which is ( afaik ) an internal tool from motorola to flash their phones . you should be able to find it around the googles . and here you should be able to pick up a stock firmware for the defy . this method worked for my moto cliq xt , but do not let this be a guarantee for your defy !
when you create a new avd ( android virtual device ) . under hardware , click new : from the drop down list of property , select device ram size . click ok . you can now put a value beside of device ram size of how big you want it to be . note : you have to create a new avd . you can not edit them as far as i know .
the system images system.img are located in the android sdk install directory under system-images/android-&lt;platform-version&gt;/&lt;platform-type&gt; . once you create the avd , in the %USERPROFILE%/.android/avd/&lt;AVD_NAME&gt;.avd you will find the img files for /sdcard/ and /data/ , but /system and such are loaded from the sdk path mentioned above . in order to create an avd you must install the system images from the sdk manager .
the samsung galaxy tab 2 7.0 does not support any form of video out . the necessary hardware was not included in the design for cost-cutting reasons . only the 10.1 has mhl capability . source : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=37032295postcount=110
the rumored google babel may be the solution you are looking for . hopefully it will be announced/released before or at google i/o .
the following is the way i enable additional spell checkers on my galaxy nexus which runs on vanilla android 4.3 , i hope it will be the same for your moto g : open your app drawer and go to settings > language and input scroll down to keyboard and input methods section : if your google keyboard is enabled , tap its settings button , if not , enable it first . on google keyboard settings screen , tap input languages on input languages screen , scroll down and enable polish . then tap back . you should be on google keyboard settings screen again : scroll down to text correction section and tap add-on dictionaries . on add-on dictionaries screen , scroll down and tap polski ( which it should say it is available ) . now it should appear a button to install this dictionary : tap it and wait until it is installed . now , the install button will be replaced for a delete button , and the dictionary status will say installed . exit settings screens . now you can use the polish spell checker in the phone . just toggle the language by tapping the globe key to the left of spacebar in google keyboard until it says polski and you will be ready to use it .
yes and it is called xposed additions - available as a free or paid version on the play store . i use it to disable the power button wake on my galaxy s4 and replace it with the " media play/pause " function and it works flawlessly .
hold volume up + home + power key wait for 3 mins press volume down 3 times press power button press volume down 6 times press power key that will do a hard reset .
@roxan is incorrect , it is not safe to remove stock rom apps . if you do so , any future updates from your carrier/manufacturer will not install . a much safer method is to use an app like titanium backup to ' freeze ' the apps , preventing them from being seen by the system and running/being updated . if you really feel the need to uninstall them , you can use titanium backup to back them up first ( requires root ) . that way you can restore them from backup in the future if you need to apply a rom update .
you can not , unless the particular app provides a way . the android os does not manage or keep track of where apps decide to write on the sd card .
i think that you have mis-interpreted for applications and all in-app products that you choose to sell on google play to mean all purchases made through apps distributed via google play rather than purchases made using the google play store . when you use the ebay app they do not take payment via google play and therefore do not need to pay google 30% . having said that . . . as mentioned by dan hulme the google play terms prohibit using other payment mechanisms for purchases that are are entirely within the app ( i.e. . excluding magazine subscriptions , other kinds of downloadable content , and purchases of physical goods ) app purchases : developers charging for apps and downloads from google play must do so by using google play 's payment system . in-app purchases : developers offering virtual goods or currencies within a game downloaded from google play must use google play 's in-app billing service as the method of payment . developers offering additional content , services or functionality within another category of app downloaded from google play must use google play 's in-app billing service as the method of payment , except : where payment is primarily for physical goods or services ( e . g . , buying movie tickets , or buying a publication where the price also includes a hard copy subscription ) ; or where payment is for digital content or goods that may be consumed outside of the app itself ( e . g . , buying songs that can be played on other music players ) .
this issue solved itself over time with no changes needed .
there is a separate downloads app , which shows a list of downloads from all apps . downloads are saved in the " downloads " directory in the sd card , which means that downloaded videos show up in the " downloads " album in gallery .
i was correct - the stock recovery was not being substituted for a custom recovery . i have since tried a number of things : first i tried installing the " freegee " app . trying to install a custom recovery resulted in the error " your devices specific software version of d80220d is not currently supported " . second , i tried following this guide resulted in the error : Loki tool v2.1 [-] Loki aboot version does not match device. 1|root@g2:/data/local/tmp # exit 1|shell@g2:/ $  what eventually worked was downloading the autorec . apk for the lg g2 d802 and installing it using adb : adb install d802_autorec . apk i downloaded the . apk from here . twrp recovery was installed successfully . more information on autorec is here .
on Contacts tab of stock contacts app , hit Options button . then , choose more ~> Display Options . on this screen , un-check Only contacts with phone numbers . then , check all accounts whose contacts you want to delete ( like facebook , all gmail groups ) . and , un-check all accounts whose contacts you do not want to delete ( like phone , sim ) . tap Save button after you finished checking and un-checking . on Contacts tab , hit Options button again . choose Delete this time . on next screen , tap Select all and then Delete button . done ! after this , again go to display options to display your contacts which were not deleted .
there are a few points to note on this . not all of them will help you on your issue , but at least explain things or point you to helpful information : some devs explain in their apps ' descriptions what they need those permissions for , others do so at least on the corresponding web sites ( e . g . in the faq ) . if they missed that , contact them and ask to have that gap filled . phone id + internet is required by most ad modules . to avoid that , check for payed versions . android apps are not really expensive , and of course devs like to be compensated for their work . the average price of 1 buck should be worth it . no real issue with the accounts stuff . for explanations , please take a look at what can an app do with the “use accounts on the device” permission ? what does permission “manage_accounts” mean ? i agree that a game rarely has a good reason to access your contacts , calendar , call lists , browser history , and bookmarks . my guess in those cases is , that in ~80% the dev simply made a " bad decision " concerning the ad module chosen ( there are some really bordering spyware ) . again , contact the dev and ask . according to a study i read a while ago , about 60% of the devs are not even aware of that issue ; being approached , they were open for alternatives ( unfortunately i do not remember the source currently ) . i also agree concerning phone calls , and even sms . they might be used for in-app purchases , but i do not think this is a good practice . further good sources can be found in our permissions tag-wiki .
the solution to my problem was simply revoking all authorisations granted to computers already . after rebooting both my galaxy s3 and my laptop , the pop-up appeared again and i could continue the installation of cyanogenmod , which has now succesfully completed .
good question . i believe the answer has been recently changing , because while i was initially under the same impression as saintwacko ( thinking the cutoff was 25 mb ) i have been unable to find any google documentation defining such a limit . what i have found is that the maximum apk ( app ) size is 50 mb . developers can also choose to use up to two apk expansion files to be downloaded along with with the app 's apk , each of which can be up to 2 gb . even for these larger expansion files , though , i could find no mention of wi-fi only download restrictions ( unless explicitly required by the developer ) . i remember seeing the wi-fi download flag you mention on some larger apps that i use personally , but today i have gone back to those same apps and do not see that flag . as best i can tell this policy has changed .
i have found the culprit ! i went to settings > call > internet call settings and deleted the sip account i had once created and forgot . the phone kept reaching the sip server ( probably to check for incoming calls ) . i had to install a packet sniffer on the phone ( tpacketcapture ) to see where the requests where going and realize i had configured a sip account .
auto mount your sd card should do that for you : automatically mount your sd card . quit manually mounting your sd card every time you plug your phone into your computer . i used that one one of my phones when i still connected it frequently via usb , and it did its job wonderfully . the app is available for free on the playstore , so nothing to lose : )
yes ! you should be able to clear the stock app from being the default calendar app by following these steps : go to the phone settings select apps scroll to the right two screen , to the ' all ' section scroll down until you can find calendar , click on it scroll down the page and click the ' clear defaults ' button next time anything wants to use the calendar , you will be able to select which program you wish to use .
install widgetlocker locksscreen . using it , you can put high no . of apps on lockscreen .
does your device auto-mount its storage to the pc when connected ? on most devices you need to pull down the notification bar and click the usb notification to mount . you should dismount the same way , after dismounting in linux , before unplugging the device . and , how much free space do you have ?
i do not see a way to do it on my droid . i am going to say that it is not possible with the stock calendar .
the spec is simply listed ( on htc 's website ) as such : memory rom : 512 mb ram : 384 mb expansion slot 8 gb microsd™ memory card ( supports up to 32 gb ) the above link is for the us cellular variant , but the c spire version has the same memory specs ( the only real difference between variants is supported bands , afaik ) . gsm arena also reports " microsd up to 32gb " . generally speaking , android devices support any sd card that properly complies with the sd spec . there are no " special " cards for devices - any will do .
after some days of struggling i have come to the understanding that my nexus one 's nic was corrupted/broken/something_bad_else . my tests were all messed up and with no logical connection . i have tried with a s ii device and results seem to be a little more consistent . by the way , even in this case , i can not achieve a worse throughput increasing the bit rate , actually it is still floating around 90% ( from 88 to 95 randomly ) . probably it is dued to wi-fi instability and udp packets instead of tcp . for my purpose having tried with a different device gave me a suitable answer .
it sounds like you are happy using google/gmail as an intermediary for the sync , if you have already tried google calendar sync , if so then there are a few options . it sounds unlikely from your question , but if you are part of an organisation that is given you a paid-for google apps account then google apps sync is available for you . this syncs an outlook calendar , contacts and mail with a google apps gmail account , and from there you can easily sync with your phone . unfortunately this is not available for standard gmail/google accounts , or for free google apps accounts . other , third party , options to sync outlook with a gmail account are go contact sync ( free ) , companionlink ( paid app ) or goosync ( subscription service with free trial ) .
when you circle someone in google+ , it also adds them in the " other contacts " in google contacts . simply de-select " other contacts " in the contacts app to remove these contacts from your view .
rim only make blackberry os for their own specially-designed hardware , they do not release their os to be installed on other people 's hardware . however the new blackberry playbook ( running their brand new qnx os ) can run android apps as well as blackberry apps , i do not think there are any phones running their new os yet , but they will be coming soon . so that could do some of what you want to do with dual booting ? phones designed for symbian often have much lower hardware specs than ones designed for android , so you are going to struggle to get android running on them . see this previous question is it possible to get android on a nokia e65 ? phones designed for windows mobile and windows phone 7 , however are a different matter . they do ( mostly ) have high enough specs , and a lot of the time are almost identical hardware-wise to android phones from the same manufacturer . in these cases all that is needed is for someone to spend some time gathering ( or writing ) android hardware drivers for the specific hardware in the phone , and then porting an android build onto them . there are a few websites that co-ordinate projects to get android running on these phones , xda devs being one of the biggest . see this previous question which does overlap with this one by quite a bit can i install android on my non-android device ?
you can set a navbar on your device by just adding a single line to your build . prop file . qmenu.hw.maikeys=0 also you can disable you current h/w buttons by give a # symbol before <code> key 172 home key 158 back key 139 menu </code> in file /system/usr/keylayout/Generic.kl es file exporer will automatically make a backup for those files . you can use that . bak files if you want to revert . you can edit build . prop file using es file manager app or you can try flashing zip specified here
with 32 gb when i go to settings i can see 25 gb available storage though the device is declared to have 32gb , part of that is reserved for the firmware . the entire 32gb are partitioned : /system for the device-firmware /recovery for the recovery ( see : recovery-mode ) /boot for the boot image /cache for application cache /data for apps and their data ( see : internal-storage ) the 25 gb you see are those from the internal-storage aka /data . this answer only covers the first part of your question . for the second part , we need some more details .
fast answer : nes . yo . well , it all depends . . . on how you use your device . detailed answer self-experiment i just did a self-experiment to find out . until now , i had all my devices fixed to 2g -- as that should " save juice " , like the question suggests . so for 4 days now , i have 3g enabled . surprisingly : no difference which could not be explained by measurement errors or slightly different situations ( after all , i had a . no lab conditions and b . just tested with a single device ) . humm . time to go for some facts , and do some calculations . hard data i already posted some hard data on battery consumptions of components as answer to the question what can i do to increase battery life on my android device ? , more than half a year ago . so now i picked the relevant values , made an average over the two devices , and -- i admit -- slightly adjusted things to reduce differences : i took the best gsm ( 2g ) speed possible to make 2g seem faster i took worse conditions to " slow down " umts ( 3g ) to conditions which should be met even in areas where it was not improved to the " the latest cutting-edge " ( oh , speaking of " edge": 2g assumes edge here ) . and now i have got some surprising answers : whether 2g saves more juice than 3g , or vice versa , depends on how you use your device . i created 4 different " usage-groups " , and added a 5 th special case at the end . here are my results : few phone minutes , few data yeah -- that is me : 150 . . 300 minutes talk per month , that makes not more than an average of 5 . . 10 min per day . i have a 50 mb data flat , and hardly ever use it up ( which makes for ~ 1.5 mb/day ) . so i am mostly left with " standby": ~umts stdby 15 mw ~gsm stdby 10 mw consider that your screen uses 400 . . 800 mw on average when turned on , a difference of 5 mw can safely be ignored . besides , the little data even compensate -- but i get ahead of myself . the 24/7 caller with no time for data . . . better switches to 2g : ~umts tel 800 mw ~gsm tel 400 mw as you can see , when on-call , 3g uses about twice as much juice than 2g would use ( and you do not speak faster on 3g -- a call is a call , and will take the same time ) . so if you spend a lot of time in calls , and have only little data traffic , you are much better off with 2g/gsm . few phone minutes , but big data sucker here comes the big surprise : this group saves a lot when sticking with 3g/umts : ~umts xfer 1200 mw ~edge xfer 1000 mw does not look like a huge difference ? ok : looking on " how much does it suck per minute " might not make the big deal . so we need a second component : ~umts speed dl/ul 7/1 mbit/s ( hsdpa/hsupa ) ~edge speed dl/ul 200/100 kbit/s you see i assumed max speed for edge , but not the state-of-the-art ( 20 mbit/s downstream ) for umts . umts coverage might differ between areas , but the 7+ mbit/s should be available everywhere . now let 's look how long the download/upload of 1 mb data takes , and how much juice that corresponds to : ~umts 1mb dl/ul 1s/8s ~ 1200/9600 mws ~edge 1mb dl/ul 40s/80s ~ 40.000/80.000 mws that is about a factor of 1:7 for upload , and even more than 1:30 for download ! so yeah : this group is definitely better off sticking to 3g ! ! ! multi-tasker : 24/7 on call while using full data this now very much depends on what " full data " stands for , and if you are really a 24/7 on-call-boy ( or girl ) . no clear answer for this , you must put your own data into the equation and do the calculation . it is rather 50:50 -- as with group #1 , you might run a " zero growth " -- or tend to either group 2 or group 3 . special case : the " hopper " especially in rural areas , coverage might be , humm , " slippery " . your device might be permanently toggling between 2g and 3g , always on the hunt for the better signal . here all the above might become relative , as the toggling itself is drinking the juice . if you are in such a situation : check to which of the 4 groups above you fit best , and fix your device to either 3g or 2g , depending on . btw : a similar situation would be if you have got the idea to toggle between 2g/3g whenever you switch your display off/on . as the toggling requires up to 10s full-power ( to find the corresponding stations ; 2g and 3g use different frequencies ) , you would not really " save juice " . epilog yepp , i completely forgot about 4g/lte . but incidentally . first : i have no 4g/lte device for a self-experiment . second : i have no " hard data " on 4g/lte . so all i could do is guessing . doing that , ok , ok : it most likely will be the same as above -- just increment the numbers by one : )
the advanced audio distribution profile ( a2dp ) is a source/sink configuration . in an normal scenario , you have a source ( for example , and android phone ) and a sink ( bluetooth headset/speakers ) . but in your case , the android phone would have to act as a sink to the dumbphone source . this is not currently supported , even though the phone supports the a2dp profile . one solution would be to install a custom bluetooth stack , which defines which profiles are supported on the device . this would additionally require a software component that can bypass the android framework and use the stack directly , since the framework lacks a2dp sink support . so far , no such modifications can be found .
you can use their official update software , it has been called " pc companion " the last time i used it : boot your phone to flashmode ( see also how do i turn on flashmode in sony ericsson ray ? ) update/restore it with pc companion this is mostly for modding , so it will not be that useful to you : you can also flash a . ftf file of your choice ( official or a custom mod ) with flashtool , note however that you need to unlock the bootloader before your phone will boot a mod with an unoriginal kernel . i have however no idea where to find an original firmware image for your xperia play/r800i , you might need to google for that yourself .
i think the easiest way is to use gnex toolkit : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1392310
it has to be related to the website . it is possibly just a pop-up ad . currently there is no known virus for the android platform . there're other forms of malware but no viruses . nevertheless you should always make sure to only install applications from trusted sources .
as it turns out , my sd card was failing . i have since replaced it and all pictures are fine thus far .
follow these steps , if the icon in ( 3 ) has a line through it then it will not store your location in your images . open the menu choose settings tap the location icon
to understand why nexus 7 can show more content than the galaxy nexus , i will first explain two concepts : screen density and density-independent-pixel . but before we go into technical details , it may be worth to clarify the design goals of using density-independent-pixels . the goal is to define a ui that is similar in dimension across devices , regardless of the screen size . so in this case the appearance of the menus is the same in the galaxy nexus and the tablet ( side by side should look very similar ) , but , as one has a bigger screen , more content can be shown . the designer selects an appearance that looks good for a certain size ( a 160 dpi screen is the base ) and this is " simulated " in this case in devices with higher dpi . screen density commonly referred to as dpi ( dots per inch ) . android groups all actual screen densities into four generalized densities : low ( 120 ) , medium ( 160 ) , high ( 240 ) , and extra high ( 320 ) . a device such as galaxy nexus has " extra high " screen density ( more specifically , the dpi value is set at 320 ) . the nexus 7 uses " tvdpi " - i.e. 213 dpi . density independent pixel commonly referred to as dp . this is the virtual pixel unit used when displaying content . the density-independent pixel is equivalent to one physical pixel on a 160 dpi screen . to calculate dp use the following formula : px = dp * (dpi / 160)  or equivalently : dp = (px / dpi) * 160  the reason nexus 7 can show more content than the galaxy nexus despite having similar resolutions is this : the dpi of nexus 7 is lower than galaxy nexus . galaxy nexus ( 320 dpi , 720 pixels wide ) (720 / 320) * 160 = 360 dp  nexus 7 ( 213 dpi , 800 pixels wide ) (800 / 213) * 160 = 600 dp  this means that when apps are rendering on the galaxy nexus , the width of the screen is actually 360 dp ( rendered using 720 pixels ) . whereas on the nexus 7 , the width of the screen is 600 dp ( rendered using 800 pixels ) . bonus if your galaxy nexus is rooted , you can use an app such as lcd density modder and change the dpi of your device to 240 . what you will get is something a lot closer to nexus 7 in a smaller package . on the left is a screenshot of the device at 240 dpi . you will notice we can see a lot more content when the dpi is lower . nothing to do with ppi the other answers mention ppi . the amount of content displayed has nothing to do with the ppi of a device . though commonly , vendors select the dpi that is closest to the ppi of the device . ( e . g . galaxy nexus has a ppi of 316 , but a dpi of 320 , where as nexus 7 has a ppi of 216 , but uses a 213 dpi ) . further reading http://developer.android.com/guide/practices/screens_support.html
as soon as someone unlock the bootloader ( i do not know if they already done ) someone will come up with a stock default theme rom . you can stay tuned at xda-developers for news about this .
found the problem . it is not that picasa was not there as a share option , but rather it was not visible . there were too many items installed that offer this intent , and the gallery application does not have a scrollable menu . this is apparently a known bug and it is been there for quite a while so it does not look like it is going to get fixed either . i now use a different application for sharing to picasa .
easy playlist editor allows filtering by folder and then saving the matches as a playlist .
this will not change the partition size of /system , but uses another approach : limit the data placed on that partition . so here 's what i did before flashing cm7.2 on my milestone²: download the file to flash . this is usually a .zip file ( otherwise , the following will not work ) open the .zip with your favorite archive manager ( alternatively : unpack to an empty folder ) look inside the /system/app folder of the .zip and remove apps you can live without ( make sure not to remove any app that is really needed by the system , like e.g. the launcher ) . this could e.g. be the calculator , livewallpapers , googleplus etc . copy those .apk files to a separate folder outside the .zip if unpacked to an empty folder , now zip it up again as you removed a lot/couple of apps from /system , flashing will require less space there , and no essential parts should be missing any longer . now if you still want to use e.g. googleplus , you can install it via the playstore ( which should place it below /data , so no prob ) or , if not found there , use the copy created in step 3 to install it manually ( for this , make sure install from other sources is enabled in your settings ) . if in doubt whether a file is really needed by the system itself , better leave it ( or at least ask first ) . but i am pretty sure you will find enough " easy removables " , so you will not need to touch those . before flashing , you could unpack the .zip to an empty folder and check the size of /system ( best : make a " before " and an " after " check ) . it should occupy less than 190mb ( better give it some additional safety margin , say " less than 180mb" ) for your action to complete successfully .
what are the bt yahoo ! mail settings for outgoing and incoming mail servers ? incoming mail ( pop3 ) server : mail . btinternet . com with port 110 outgoing mail ( smtp ) server : mail . btinternet . com with port 25 account name/login name : your email address ( including the "@btinternet.com" or "@btopenworld.com" part ) password : your bt yahoo ! password step-by-step online step-by-step instructions to help with your email setup .
the short answer is no , the baseband firmware is not for public usage ( read carefully , i am referring to the programmatic details of this , i.e. api 's ) the baseband radio is isolated and proprietary and does not " exist " outside the realm of android , rather , its using libraries which are closed source that interacts with the radio firmware . if you are curious to know exactly behind the scenes in how android works with the radio firmware , look at my answer on stackoverflow , it is technically orientated but will emphasize my previous paragraph . and also , for consideration , to be honest , there is a grey area involved in using the gsm frequencies for short band transmission like as in walkie talkies , and furthermore , those gsm frequencies are explicitly reserved for the usage of gsm network traffic , 900mhz , 1800mhz , 2100mhz . another aspect , you may have to acquire a license for this to be able to do so as far as laws are concerned within the jurisdiction of your country . - that i do not know ! edit : radio fm apps that receives radio broadcasts of music , news etc , that is a different story , that uses a fm transmitter which is a s-o-c ; this will vary depending on the chip-set used , so do not get that mixed up either with radio firmware as far as 2g/3g is concerned : ) disclaimer : i am not a legal expert , but if , and this is a big if this is possible , to do this - take heed and consult with your local laws .
the answer to this question will likely vary from device to device because cyanogenmod focuses their efforts on popular devices , and older phones do not get as much love and attention . from my research , success with the pebble also then varies per device ( source 1 , 2 , 3 ) . some people have had success and never encounter a single issue . others have connectivity issues ( not connecting , connection drops , etc . ) or battery draining problems . suggested solutions are : flash a different kernel try any other aftermarket android project ( aokp , pacman , slimroms , paranoid ) conclusion : you will probably need to flash the rom ( s ) and test it yourself . always backup first . copy that backup to an external device , just in case . it more than likely that it will work without any hiccups . if for whatever reason you are not satisfied , then you can always restore to your backup . sidenote : your statement that " cyanogenmod does not include ' features ' which are in the normal android operating system " is incorrect . from cyanogenmod 's about page : based on the android open source project , cyanogenmod is designed to increase performance and reliability over android-based roms released by vendors and carriers such as google , t-mobile , htc , etc . they use the same android source code as any other vendor , except that they actually improve and enhance the android user experience . they do not remove standard features and services . i think of cm as what android should be , but thats debatable .
i am not positive when it was added , but if you open one of the duplicate contacts and edit it , you can press menu> join to collapse two entries into one .
this setting backs your data up to google 's magic cloud . it includes what apps you have installed , and some apps ' settings ( if they are written to take advantage of it ) which are restored when you first sign in to a new phone . relevant quote from the android 2.3 user guide , pg 18: you can choose to back up some of your data , such as your bookmarks , your user dictionary , your wi-fi passwords , and many other settings , to your google account , on google servers . some third-party applications may also take advantage of this feature . that way , when you need to replace your phone ( when you upgrade or replace a lost phone ) , or if you reinstall an application , you can restore your settings and other data . for information about changing this setting later , see “privacy settings” on page 370 . that setting controls apps ' ability to use this api , which includes google 's apps such as market .
i have followed the exact steps from link : samsung mobile mtp device cannot be installed stackoverflow tutorial here are steps : ( for Windows specific instructions ) : ensure phone is not connected to pc . uninstall kies from pc . reboot your pc and reinstall kies after that . just for great measure . . . open kies , go to Tools | Troubleshoot connection error . follow instructions and wait for it to finish the troubleshooting procedure . reboot your phone ( or turn off and then on your phone again ) . Do not connect it to your PC just yet. once rebooted , go to your phone 's dialer , type *#7284# - a configuration window will appear . in that window 's usb section , if it is default to pda , tap modem , then back to pda , ( if it is modem in the beginning , change it to pda ) then press the back key to exit . most importantly , it must set as pda when you exit . turn off usb debugging in your phone . ( optional ) set your phone 's screen timeout to a lengthy time . ( minimum 1-2 minutes - recommended 5mins to 30mins ) its found in settings | display . you can change this back later on . connect the phone to your pc with usb cable and let windows load your drivers . . . and wait for the drivers to get reinstalled . once reinstalled , disconnect the phone off usb . switch usb debugging back on in your phone settings , and reconnect the phone back - you will see windows load another set of drivers for your phone . wait until it is completed . ( this step is a precautionative measure to ensure your phone is identified with all the necessary drivers ) once complete , unplug your phone , and turn off usb debugging . . . this is to ensure mtp will initialize . also , press the phone 's home key until your homescreen is displayed . only after doing all that , reconnect your phone back to pc . test and see if mtp works using windows explorer . you will see your phone 's usb storage and sdcard contents if it does . hope it will help you . .
the easiest and fastest way to move over pictures/albums from your phone to your computer is using a usb cable and connecting your device to your computer . if you have a windows pc , your device should automatically come up . if you have a mac . you will need to download a tool called android file transfer . i will provide you with the links below . anyways , it is really simple . like i said , if you have a windows pc . just connect the device , wait for drivers to load automatically and then open windows explorer : start > run > explorer and browse through the directories on your device , if your albums are stored locally on your phone and not an sd card . you pictures should be under : dcim\media\pictures this may be different depending on the device if you are on a mac . use the aforementioned application . simply download the app , install it , and plug-in your device . once the application recognizes your phone , you will be able to browse the phone 's directories . android file transfer
i think it has something to do with the api demos , as i have searched google for this text , and found this : https://android.googlesource.com/platform/development/+/master%5e1%5e1..master%5e1/ looking at the file it says , its name is " appupdatesspreceiver . java " . it makes sense that very few know about this problem , as this app is mainly used for developers who wish to see what is new on the new version of android , and how to use the new stuff . i have no idea what is its purpose and what it tries to demonstrate - the comment there says " executed when a new version of the application is is installed . " , but it does not seem the case ) . anyway , uninstalling the api demos seems to solve the problem . can anyone please tell me what is this demo ?
yes mms can send png files . even if they change the extension , it should not matter as long as the mime type is in tact . and even if that is different , the image has a specific " header " that should be read by the mms app . afaik , android does not change the extension , or the mime type . ( at least the stock mms app , and the galaxy s app ) but that does not mean it will work with other phones . they might not have the ability to view the file type .
i do not know how to make the setting stick , but if you are using ics you can easily disable the samsung calendar app - so it will act as if it is uninstalled . you can disable it by clicking the disable button on the app settings page - just above the disable notifications checkbox . once this is done , reboot your device and it will act as if that app is no longer installed !
i have succeded in rooting the karbonn smart tab 7 and am apparently the first person on the net to do so . in your face karbonn technical dept . . i have been using it only for a few hours now , and it is working fine ( edit : i have been using it for 4 months now and it still works fine : ) - august '13 ) . here are the steps for any other wanderer in the same plight as i was : the first step is a warning to all users , please be aware of the consequences of rooting before doing so . it should work perfectly , but just to be on the safe side , back up all you data . connect the tab to the computer and enable mass storage mode . also keep in mind that the karbonn smart tab 7 has internal memory and an internal storage card . the internal one cannot be used for the purpose of rooting . you need to put in an external micro-sd card . when you connect the device in mass storage mode , the internal sd card 's name will probably be novo7 . download this file and put it in the root of the external micro-sd . put the tab in recovery mode . for those of you who dont know how to do this , switch off the device and hold the volume down and power buttons till is says " android is upgrading . . . " , and then release the power button but keep holding the volume down button . click on " apply update from sd card and select " crystal_root . zip " . it should install . now reboot it and it is done ! ! ! you can check if the rooting process has been successful by downloading the root checker app from the play store . the app is ( obviously . . . ) used to check if the root is accessible . you will also find that the supersu app has been installed automatically . enjoy ! ! ! p.s. please vote me up ( i would love that ) and also thanks to @izzy for giving me a heads up on how this stuff works .
you should contact gameloft . they officially support the acer liquid for that game , and thus should be able to help you ( or at least take a bug report ) . they do not specify which versions of the liquid they support , so it could just be that they have not tested on the metal .
usually the presence of logcat_cp_boot_radio*.log files point to an issue with the phone 's modem . it is possible that when you first rooted the device you flashed a rom which contained a modem firmware that was either old , or slightly incompatible with your current carrier . besides amassing large amounts of these log files , you would see frequent disconnects and reconnects from cell and data services when the radio crashes and restarts . while you can always keep deleting the log files every now and then to free up the memory , the larger issue will persist . in order to resolve the root cause of the ril crash , you will need to install the proper radio firmware . these differ based on geographic location , and sometimes on the carrier . the first step is to find the modem version that is currently installed on your phone . you can find this information in settings -> about phone , under the " baseband version . " it should start with " i19100" , and then followed by some letters and numbers . the letters represent a geographic location : ce---> belgium , luxembourg , netherlands dc---> thailand dd---> india dx---> indonesia , malaysia , philippines , singapore , vietnam dz---> malaysia , singapore ja---> south africa jc---> algeria , morocco , nigeria , south africa , tunisia jp---> arabic , algeria , egypt , iran , iraq , kuwait , morocco , nigeria , oman , pakistan , saudi arabia , syria jv---> tunisia , turkey ug---> north america uh---> latin america , the caribbean xe---> bulgaria , estonia , kazakhstan , latvia , lithuania , russia , ukraine xx---> austria , belgium , france , germany , hungary , united kingdom xw---> austria , belgium , france , germany , hungary , italy , nordic , spain , united kingdom zc---> china , hong kong zh---> hong kong zs---> china , hong kong zt---> taiwan and the numbers represent the version , incremented alphabetically . you should find the latest modem version based on the country you are in , and then flash it on your phone using either odin , or recovery ( must be a custom recovery like clockworkmod or twrp , for example . ) a quick google search yielded this site which contains clockworkmod-formatted modems for the galaxy s2 i9100 variant for various countries . i am not sure how recent it is , but this should start you off in the right direction .
i found that number saver is the closest to a solution . it adds an icon to the notification area when on call and will even automatically switch to speakers when run during a call
it looks like there is an issue with the exchange server certificates and froyo . i have found a few others with the same issue : exchange 2007 does not work after ota 2.2 update android 2.2 , frf91 now active-sync is unable to connect to server , all was fine on android 2.1 those links have several workarounds that might solve your problem as long as you can get your it team to help figure out what is going on . i have seen several people mention the the touchdown ( appbrain link ) app is not having any problems . touchdown is an alternative to the built-in exchange sync . it might be the easiest solution for you - though it is a paid app - $19.99 as of right now . qr code for the app market :
well , i have wound up using alternativeto .netto specify alternatives to a specific browser , and limiting the results to android . it is not perfect , but it is actually very workable . it gives me a list that is fairly comprehensive , gives me an idea of user base numbers , and also includes enough at-a-glance information to help me a bit .
after some research , i finally got some details . unlocking a bootloader will generally not change the bootloader of a device . the locked bootloader somehow ensures that the device should boot up with the os that is shipped originally with the device or updated by the vendor officially . locked bootloader puts this as a security measure so that it can prevent the users from installing custom rom 's . when the bootloader is unlocked it will simply provide the booting instructions to the device without checking for the stock rom on the device . the device will boot with the rom present in /boot and /system partitions and thus unlocking a bootloader is an essential step if one want to install custom rom . thus overall , locking a bootloader is just an extra built-in security check and unlocking will just remove this check but will not modify the entire bootloader of your device .
i can recommend https://www.dropbox.com/ at the moment i have it on ubuntu , windows 7 , mac os x and also on htc desire hd
you need odin in order to install cwm without root ( or conversely , you need root to install cwm without odin ) . cwm does not root the phone . you do not need root for clockworkmod recovery , though you do need root for the rom manager app . edit : you can not install unsigned packages with the "3e " recovery , which was part of some official update packages ( most froyo ones and presumably all gingerbread ones ) . this prevents one from flashing a custom rom , kernel , modem , or recovery through the stock recovery ( since they are not signed by the manufacturer ) . the way to get around this is normally to use odin to flash a custom rom or kernel with a custom recovery . i am not sure if flashing a signed update to an older official rom , with the older recovery , would work ; it might say it is older than your current version and fail , or it might just work . i have never been able to try it , and i am familiar with odin anyways .
try using google search , works flawlesly on my magic to look for contacts in any way i like , you might need to update latest version from the market
all ota updates reset file permissions , so you will lose root unless you take special precautions . install ota rootkeeper and make a backup of your su executable before applying this update . you will be able to restore your root once update is finished . obviously , since this is an incremental update , you need to have a stock nexus rom . if you deleted or altered some system files , update may fail . i used galaxy nexus toolkit to apply these updates , worked ok for me ( and i kept my root ) .
open hangouts and make sure you are on the conversation list page . choose the menu dots in the upper right and choose " settings -> sms " and there should be a check box a few spaces down for " vibrate " under " notifications " let us know if that works !
found it myself : k-9 mail @ google play
note that this is not guranteed to be the case with every update , and may vary from device to device . however , in every case i am familiar with , this has held true . ota/automatic updates ( and many but not all roms installed with a custom recovery ) will generally ignore anything inside the /sdcard/ directory . i keep everything in there and whenever i switch roms or update , that directory stays safe as long as whatever i am installing does not require a factory reset . devices with no physical sd card slot such as nexus , and kindle fires have treated that sort of as the default /home/user/ directory . downloads from chrome go to /sdcard/Download/ by default . music gets downloaded to /sdcard/Music/ etc . . . devices with a physical sd card slot seem to use that as the mount point for an inserted card . you can use it if you have a card inserted - otherwise , it is not available . some devices will be different . as izzy noted , the external sd card can have a different default mountpoint such as /sdcard/external_sd/ or something with /extSD/ . it could realistically be any point that the manufacturer or rom builder decides on . having said that , it is always a good idea to keep your data backed up . i have not had any emergencies , and my data in the directory has never been wiped when i was not expecting it , but it is always best to be safe .
try the free os monitor by eolwral . you can see every physical or logical network interface with associated ipv4/6 and mac addresses as well as total rx ad tx . also has open connections and more , pretty awesome app for free if you ask me .
it removes the app 's entry from the /data/data/com.android.vending/databases/localappstate.db database : i am not aware of it making any other modifications to the filesystem ( it does not touch library.db insofar as i can tell ) , but it is possible that there is some other magic behind it .
i think My Files does not allow you to create files . you could try a 3rd-party app like file expert though ; this app lets you create both files and folders .
my t-mobile vibrant ( samsung galaxy s ) just received a ota update from t959uvjfd to t959uvji6 . it appears that this may have fixed the problem you are describing . it no longer is a problem for me after this update was installed . it is also mentioned at the xda-developers site along with other changes that were included in the update .
easy tether from mobile stream should work . it is a way to share your internet connection with another device via usb . get the lite version ( does not support https , or tethering to gaming consoles ) or the full version . supports windows 7/vista/xp ( 32-bit and 64-bit ) , mac os x 10.7/10.6/10.5/10.4 , ubuntu 10.4+ and fedora 13+ full version supports the following : tether ps3 , wii , xbox via pc internet connection sharing , you need a computer for game console tethering .
alas , that is not possible . at least not without reflashing the htc 's partition table ( which happens to be in the bootloader section , aka . hboot ) . there is seemingly no modded hboot out there for the explorer . i only know of repartitioned hboots for the htc desire . reason : /cache is backed by a separate block device on all android devices ( i.e. . mount-point or partition ) , it is needed to hold firmware update files ( e . g . definitely needed for encrypted phones ) . so if you move it , there is no gain because that partition will still be there and not free up space for the /data partition . in case you shrink the /cache partition , ota updates will not be possible any more ( you had have to use a custom recovery to do it ) .
try pressing the power button for > 30 seconds . if it does not work , try to alternate power sources ( pc/laptop usb port , and ac adapter ) while repeating step #1 . still no go ? you may have to remove back cover and reconnect battery . warranty case . ( source )
it is not clear whether you had flashed cwm 's recovery ( through boot image ) . if you had done , you have to press vol up and down while powering on . if not , you do not have a recovery mode at all . you have to flash it using fastboot as described in cyanogenmod 's how to install cm in sony xperia mini pro .
as far as i know , swype only comes in two sets : full ( all languages ) and a english/spanish set . however , there is a hidden feature : you can swype from the swype key to the q key to switch between your current language and the last language you used .
use an app such as " better battery stats . " this app provides detailed information about all the services running . this is way better than the stock app for diagnostics . additionally , a lot of the core services for the system are attributed as part of the " android os " . there is a very particular bug in samsung galaxy sii devices relating to the touchwiz calendar that keeps doing a lot of unnecessary checks which prevents the device from sleeping properly when the screen is turned off . this causes a huge drain in battery life . since the touchwiz on an sii is very similar to the one on a galaxy note , you might have the same inherent bug . these links might give you a better idea http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1316003 http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1383929page=5
no . once it is factory-reset or even flashed , the android device manager is no longer able to find it . background : android device manager uses your google account to communicate with the device . moreover , you have to explicitly enable it on the device . once factory-reset / wiped / flashed , all that is gone .
your best bet would be to go with either launcherpro : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.fede.launcher my personal favorite , or adw : https://market.android.com/details?id=org.adw.launcher both provide customization to the dock ( set of icons at the bottom ) , number of homescreens , transitions , app drawer effects , as well as custom themes and widgets . note : there are free versions of both , but the paid versions add more features . while you can cover up some of what samsung has done , things like the notification bar and lockscreen are not affected by these apps . in some cases rooting and/or installing custom roms would be required to manipulate them .
update.zip are never touched by android . inside that archive is a script that is parsed and interpreted by the recovery runtime . the recovery , at execution , opens the archive by unzipping into a temporary directory , reads the script , aptly named update-script , analyzes it , and based on the syntax , executes a function known to recovery , that function may do the following , to name but a few : mount /system and other filesystems , and perform read/write file operations including , copying the kernel , or , an apk or even formatting a partition etc check the build.prop for certain properties , such as device , manufacturer , etc print display to the screen , progress information etc it is pretty much a de-facto standard incorporated into android open source project ( aosp ) clockworkmod , twrp are derivatives of the barebones version that resides in aosp with additional enhancements , such as touchscreen input .
there is a tool on google play called batman , which collects battery status information in the background and stores it into a csv file on sdcard . that done , you could use sync tools like e.g. foldersync to have the file uploaded to your linux machine in regular intervals , where you can have it processed by any tool you prefer . another variant ( a little more tricky ) could be using tasker to create the data : tasker offers the variable %BATT to give the current battery level in percent . it also supports things like http_post , so you could have tasker post the current battery level in fixed intervals , and let your server do the rest ( see the tasker userguide for details ) . note : tasker does not come for free , it is about 5 bucks . but you can download a free 7-day trial at the homepage for testing .
i have found out more about this variant ! hopefully this helps people in my situation . this device is on a canadian network called wind mobile . the model m919v can use the same roms as the t-mobile variant , which is m919 . i have flashed cyanogenmod nightlies on it , it runs awesome , and even for a nightly it is very battery efficient and stable . strongly recommend it to anyone . i had to use ouhds instead of clockworkrecovery ( they re the same things though ) . it still goes through odin , but you will have to follow the instruction online . there are a few sets of instructions that can be found through google . these are the instructions i followed : http://droidviews.com/2013/root-and-install-cwm-recovery-on-sprint-galaxy-s4-sph-l720-and-t-mobile-galaxy-s4-sgh-m919/ *i am not responsible for any damage you cause to your device , just sharing my thoughts/ experience .
well , now you can remove the unwanted apps from your market website as well as from the market history . all you have to do is delete from your all apps list . goto your play store app and select My Apps then swipe the screen to your left to see the ALL apps list . just click the crossed circle icon ( pointed with the green arrow ) to remove the desired app . make sure you have uninstalled the app before removing . you can uninstall the apps directly from the all apps list as well . note : it seems that this list only contains market installed apps . ( i.e. . apps other than user installed .apk apps )
three methods available , depending from where are you accessing google : google play app usually uses the language defined on your device settings : tap your device " home" ; tap " settings" ; locate " language and keyboard " and tap ; under " select language " you can define the language for your device that is also used by the google play app as to present you the information on your language . accessing from a browser : the google play store sets the language by your ip address , you can update that definition by changing it at the footer ( it will persist ) : for all google products : from gmail , you can access your account settings and set the language that you prefer for google products : login to your gmail account ; on the top right corner , click " account" ; on the left vertical menu , click " language " .
some vendors set up their phones to reinstall system applications at boot in case they go missing . try finding a directory that contains a copy of the apk that is used to reinstall it , and delete it from there . a simple alternative solution is to freeze the unwanted apps rather than uninstalling them . titanium backup and link2sd can help you with that ( both require root ) . in ics+ , there is also a user-accessible mechanism to deactivate apps from the settings menu .
sounds like you are stuck in a bootloop . if you backed up your phone before you flashed the release , reflash that image . if not . . . well try reflashing the rom release . if this still does not work , flash an older version of cyanogenmod , or your phones stock , factory rom .
a locked bootloader means that you will not be able to install software updates ( or flash recoveries , roms ) that has not been signed by the manufacturer/carrier . so the answer is " yes , you can flash an unsigned rom but it will not get loaded by the locked bootloader " .
currently , you can side load the flash player on a 4.1 device . meaning you have to download the apk file and install directly from the device , or with adb . there is no guarantee that flash will work at all in the future . not only is adobe dropping flash support for android 4.1 , no new installs for any version of android will be allowed for the flash player app from google play after august 15th . i hope that this actually means that adobe is moving closer to making flash " export " to something that modern browsers can all run , like using the html5 canvas . flash on android has always been pretty limited . it is only real use was for playing flash video , anything else i ever tried to use it with was buggy and laggy .
i found the following but i do not think this is a definitive answer though it looks close to what i need , secure end-to-end encryption with no chance of snooping/sniffing/mitm . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/off-the-record_messaging#phone_apps i was not fully aware of otr though i had heard the term used elsewhere but did not know the full implications . i think otr is what i am looking for . still looking for further input though .
since android uses linux as kernel /dev/kmem exists . it is a virtual character device file that is an image of the main memory of the computer . you can simply dump it with cat /dev/kmem &gt; file  but only as root .
i would say it is expected behavior . i mean , the big " delete " button in the gmail web app tosses the whole conversation to the dust bin . you have to dig a little deeper on the individual message to delete it out of the conversation . ( also , unlike the web app there is no option to view individual messages like a classical e-mail client . ) by the way , have you downloaded the latest gmail app from the market ? there are quite a number of significant improvements over the stock app .
the apk file is also generated in the bin folder of the project after running the app at least once . i have copied the apk file from the bin folder and installed it successfully on three different phones without any problem both copying directly on phone memory or sending it via email .
see my answer to a similar question - the problem is that within the bluetooth ad2p profile ( for stereo quality audio ) android phones are not designed to be a " sink " ( a receiver of media ) only a source . you are right in that this is a limitation of the bluetooth stack on your phone , but so far the info i have found says that trying to alter the stack comes with moderate amounts of pain and compromise . perhaps you are more adventurous than i ?
i updated my phone to motorola system version 2.3.340 and it took care of this issue . steps to update : press the menu button from the home screen . touch `settings` touch `about phone` touch `system updates`
i did some research and was not able to find any way to do this on a stock device . however here is a link for you root users that allows you to remove the stock emoticons and replace them with standard ones , i am sure it will let you do other emoticons as well .
i am going to go out on a limb and say that the htc hero does not have enough cpu to handle the audio codecs . you may have some success rooting it and overclocking the cpu , but it'll shorten the life of your hardware and void your warranty .
install avast . enter its firewall section ( requires root access to work ) and allow/deny apps in roaming column ( wi-fi and home cell access will be untouched ) . avast 's firewall provides two modes : block selected and allow selected . choose any as per your requirement . use my data manager if you want to track data usage of individual apps . it has dedicated roaming section . it can help you in creating firewall rules or lowering data usage of important apps .
i also had this issue . i am using lg gt540 . when using default lg home screen , i can change the lockscreen wallpaper . but if i use any other launchers the option is not there . now what i am doing is : i will switch to lg homescreen just for changing the wallpaper and then will switch back to launcherpro . you should do something like this . i know this is not the answer you are looking for ; i am just giving you some hints .
make a backup uninstall the amazon copy install btep from the play store open titanium backup and select your btep backup . as long as the app is installed at the time , it will give you the option to restore data only :
setting this option forces android to stop each process as soon as it is empty ( that is , when no services are started and no activities are on screen for that app ) . to be clear : this option will not stop apps that would normally run in the background from doing so . your mail client will still run periodically to check mail , if it is configured to do that . apps that use google cloud messaging to receive push messages from internet servers ( such as gmail and facebook ) will still be able to do so . the option would be better named " cached background process limit " , since it limits apps that would otherwise show up with that label in the apps manager . next time each app needs to start , android has to load the app from storage , from scratch . this uses more power and takes longer than running it again when the process was in memory . this does not just mean when you start an activity from that app deliberately ; it also means the email client has to be loaded afresh each time it wants to check email . over time this can build up to a huge battery drain . because this is a development option , it can also trigger rare bugs in certain apps , and those apps ' developers may not be keen to fix them . one example is that , on nexus devices running 4.2.2 , when this option is on , the in-built calendar app will keep restarting itself with this option set , because stopping the cached background process causes the calendar 's content provider to be removed , which causes a loop of services restarting each other to check for calendar updates . if this happens , the loop will run down your battery very quickly .
summing up from the comments : with busybox , android provides tools for formatting from the command line . in your case , this would be /system/sbin/mkfs.vfat . this is reported to sometimes throw an error like : mkfs.vfat: lseek: Value too large for defined data type  according to this xda thread , this is the fault of busybox . using a different version ( as reported in post #12 of that thread ) should solve the issue -- and did it in your case , luckily .
similar to permissions denied , mentioned by matthew is lbe privacy guard which also allows you to selectively disable permissions for apps . also good for disabling geo-tagging on your photos as well as preventing facebook and/or twitter from broadcasting your location .
it is not your device problem , it is airtel 's problem . airtel . in website was on off because of server down . and the problem you are facing is very common , as i am also suffering from that and here some more . i would suggest you to disable your data connection whenever your network circle is changing . like while you are travelling . but the solution of this problem is nowhere and can be solved by airtel only . fyi : i have a vodafone sim too and it is working perfectly .
i have set my phone to english ( united states ) , but then i also customized date and time to use italian format ( dd/mm/yyyy ) . numbers do not seem to be customizable , plus some apps ignore date and time settings and use the ones from the main language , or allow to specify a format .
yes you can . there are a number of utilities around to do backup and restore , as well as other options . i recently moved from the htc magic to the desire hd . the way i did it was to use a free appbrain account . this has a few advantages , in my opinion : you can search for , read about and tag for installation , applications , on your computer , with a larger screen/keyboard etc . you can organise apps into groups if you have multiple android devices . you can share your apps with other people . you can check out appbrain at http://www.appbrain.com/ if you just want straight backup and restore , titanium backup , as mentioned by others , is a good choice . ( http://www.matrixrewriter.com/android/ ) you can also find both of them in the android market .
gps uses radio frequencies between 1 and 2 ghz ( l1 signal at 1.57542 ghz and l2 signal at 1.2276 ghz ) . these have to get through for gps to work , which is not the same as visibility . for example , my gps ( garmin etrex legend hcx ) gets a fix on the top floor of the house , below the roof made of tiles , insulation and drywall . it does not get a fix on lower floors , where there is too much concrete and steel in between . btw , i had a motorola defy for a while , if i remember correctly it also worked , but had a much lower precision , sometimes it was hundreds of meters off .
if you are rooted , use titanium backup . you will not be able to restore some things , since the nexus one and htc magic have some very different system apps , but most should carry over . after backing up with tb , copy /mnt/sdcard/titaniumbackup/ to your pc . then on the n1: install tb , copy the folder from your pc to the same location on the phone , then run tb and restore . if you are not rooted , it is difficult to back up most things , especially all at once . i would rely on google 's backup for your list of apps and that sort of thing , as the other answer suggests .
yes , as with many of the galaxy devices it appears that the unlock code is actually stored on the device and easily accessible ( as long as you have root access ) . this xda post should guide you through it . note of course that it might not work and you could brick your device by rooting , in addition to voiding the warranty . in my experience the galaxy devices are hard to brick and unlikely to be problematic .
just kill the apn connection settings . somewhere under settings . and there is actually a switch for mobile internet . disable that as well . worked like a charm for me . if you can not find it , add the power savings widget to your home screen , it has that option
its difficult to find the problem without the device . but you can activate the debug mode ( preferences-> applications-> development-> usb-debuging ) then you can start eclipse . open the ddms perspektive and there logcat . perhaps you find there the buggyapp .
some people are reporting success by simply wiping data and cache first , then flashing the rom , wiping cache again , then flashing the gapps package . thread on the cm forums here ( from cm 6.1.1 , do not know if it is a related or similar problem , though ) . the flash might not work on a 2 . x release of cwm . you can get 3.0.0.5 here , but i do not know how stable it is right now . the filesystem changed to ext4 in gingerbread and i know the 2 . x releases are not really supported on other devices . they also changed from one update scripting language to another , which i think is related . it creates generally weird behavior from what i have read . . . edit : also looks like you can get cwm 3.0.2.8 from the cyanogenmod forums now . some relevant discussion can be found on xda here ( from the desire hd section ) . edit : since bryan noted that this solved it for him in the comments : it is also possible to simply push the apps manually onto the system partition . the safest way is probably to boot into recovery , then just mount /system as rw and adb push the . apk files to /system/app . you probably could do it from a regular boot ( not in recovery ) but it might cause some weird behavior ( and i have not personally tried this ) .
i just did this ! /data/property/persist.sys.dalvik.vm.lib is a textfile containing one of two values : ' libart . so ' or ' libdvm . so ' . you can change from art to dalvik simply by editing this file . ex : adb shell ' echo libdvm . so > /data/property/persist . sys . dalvik . vm . lib '
on my desire with insertcoin 1.1.0 ( cm7 + sense ) the " smart scroll " feature is only active on the scroller for specifying the appointment time in the calendar .
there is a rather large number of speaking clock apps in the android marketplace . specifically , the " speaking clock " app seems to do what you are after , and it is free .
one word . root . i would suggest rooting as a solution to your problem . here is documentation for how to root your cdma hero : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=581577
absolutely . if you have synced your android device with your google account , your contacts would automatically show up on google / gmail contacts . if all your contacts are saved as " phone contacts " and not " google contacts " , however , they will not be synced . you need to export the phone contacts and then import them into google contacts . it might be helpful if you adjusted your settings from within the contacts app to automatically save new contacts as google contacts instead of phone contacts .
assuming you upgraded your galaxy 5 to android 2.2 , you can do the following : to sync and see calendars from both accounts : a . if you already added your other gmail account , skip to step c . b . add your second gmail account under Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Accounts &amp; sync -&gt; Add account -&gt; Google and follow directions there . c . tap on the newly added account and make sure the " sync calendar " option is selected and exit out of settings . d . open up the calendar app and go to Menu -&gt; More -&gt; Calendars expand the newly added google account , which should show you all of its available calendars . keep tapping the button to the right of each calendar until both icons are enabled , and the text under the account name reads " synced , visible " , and tap the ok button . e . you should now be able to view the second calendar 's entries in the calendar app ( or any app that accesses google calendars . ) any events you create on your phone via the calendar app and assign to a gmail account will automatically sync to your online gmail account . instructions for sharing your google calendar with a friend can be found here .
yes . you chose which account ( s ) to sign in with and what status they have individually . just ensure you have signed out of any account you do not want to use . and how exactly do i do that ? there does not seem to be any option in google talk 's settings to sign out of an account open google talk select your current account , to show a list of all accounts chose the account you want to sign out of select your own account change from available to sign out
rest assured , that is not a virus , its a warning dialog to make you aware that you may have the app install from outside of google play blocked . it is normal ! : ) to proceed to check and confirm it is indeed unblocked . . . go into settings > security > device administration , tap on " unknown sources " , a dialog box appears , tap ok as that is a standard disclaimer , which is normal de-facto thing . for gb , menu > settings > applications , check " unknown sources " and again , similar dialog appears as a disclaimer . tap ok to continue and back out of it .
swiftkey stores personalized predictions in the sd card but probabily in a hidden file . in order to change your predictions i think you should reset your typing data under advanced in the app . afterwards , you have to re-teach your expressions ( 3-4 times the same words ) . hope this helps
it was removed because it is total placebo these days . i wrote it for dealing with the silly things that happen when we used to put apps on sd before android supported it . since then , it is been something of a sugar pill that magically fixes all problems without actually doing anything . ( taken from the commit history , posted by steve kondik )
if i got your question correctly then yes yout art environment should not be changed . the script will run at flashing time will wipe dalvik cache and cache itself and will not touch your personal settings . so you are safe to flash the nightly as a dirty flash . however i have not flashed any latest aosp kk based rom but it should follow the same procedures as all custom rom does . i flashed many time dirty flash on my current device which is running on stock based custom rom and have no problem at all . i will suggest you to make a nandroid and make a dirty flash afterwards so if anything goes wrong you can restore your backup and start from scratch .
this link helped me to flash a rom image . as an additional benefit , this rom seems to be faster than micromax 's original rom and also claims to support a list of 3g dongles . the previous ( i.e. . original ) rom i had did not support reliance and bsnl 's 3g dongles . as in a settings menu the following dongles are supported ( i have not got any 3g dongle to test ) : wcdma : huawei ( e230 , e176g , e160e , 182g , e1782 , e1750 umg1691 ) , zte ( mf633bp-1 , mf633 , mf637u ) cdma2000/evdo : huawei ( e150 , ec1261 , ec122 , ec156 , ec1270 ) , zte ( ac580 , ac2736 , ac2746 ) after re flashing , i installed clockworkmod recovery as per this link as well .
the best solution for you would be to use smart connect liveware™ mgr . as you can see , you can set actions to start when you plug a device ( headset , hdmi , charger , etc . ) and actions to start when you unplug the device . i have a setting to start playing music when i connect my headphones and stop playing when i remove it . there are many things you can do with this . the best part is that you can manage your music with your own music app ! simply create an event for actions to be done upon the connection pf a headphone and forget this app ! this was originally developed for sony xperia handsets . but should work with any , which has a good hardware configuration ( src ) and an os higher that ics ( which you already have ) .
the maximum size allowable for an android app on the android market is 50mb . [ 1 ] the maximum size allowable for an iphone app on the app store is approximately 2gb . [ 2 ] to answer your question , when you download the android version of this game , you are downloading an application that will download all of the data files either to your phones internal memory or sd card . due to the nature of the game , this is likely to account for the majority of the size difference unless different compression methods are used for resources such as the sound , textures and 3d models . the iphone 's app store has a much bigger file size limit which in this case means that all of the resources can be bundled into the initial download . the phone will not have to fetch any additional resources . [ 1 ] http://support.google.com/androidmarket/developer/bin/answer.py?hl=enanswer=113469 [ 2 ] stackexchange-url
htc used to have a copy of the linux binary , but they changed their developers portal and now i can not find that one anymore , either . the only other pre-compiled version i have been able to find is here ( link originated from this thread on droidforums .net, which also has a link to a pre-compiled osx binary ) . i checked with readelf on my linux vm and it looks like it is a 64-bit binary , so i have also uploaded a 32-bit version to my dropbox public folder , and it can be downloaded here . this is the binary i use on my machine , which i believe i got from the aforementioned htc site that is now missing . aside from that , you can compile android from source to get it . . . but that is kind of a terrible solution for a single small binary file .
try flashing the recovery image manually via fastboot , as described in this guide : download the latest version of the clockworkmod recovery from here . place the clockworkmod recovery image in the same folder as fastboot ( the /tools folder with the android sdk folder ) . power the nexus s down , and hold volume up and the power button until booted into the bootloader . you should see a white screen with three skating androids . connect the nexus s to the computer via usb . on the computer , open terminal and run : fastboot flash recovery recovery-clockwork-5.0.2.0-crespo.img the clockworkmod recovery should now be installed on the nexus s .
i think i have found the problem . the user has over 19 thousand emails in his inbox . i will check this as the answer once i have confirmed it ( he needs to clean up the emails first ) .
afaik , the 4.0.4 is currently only available for the cdma/lte , but someone over at modaco has a modified version of the 4.0.4 working for gsm . it looks like everything is working on the gsm version with this modified release . i have also read that 4.0.5 will be released next month , so you may want to just wait .
alright , i went through the sourcecode and the answer is surprisingly obvious : yes , this can often be muted by simply using the volume keys while using the app or adjusting the volume of the media audio channel in the preferences . the media volume is used , regardless if the device is in normal , silent or vibrate mode . but it depends on where you bought your device if this works ( i guess ) , some devices enforce audio over a channel that can not be muted . more ( technical ) details : the camera app checks the device configuration ( system property ro.camera.sound.forced ) whether it should play the camera sounds over a system-enforced audio channel that can not be muted . if this setting is off , it uses the media and music channel instead . in case that it uses the music channel , it ignores when the device is in silent mode though . this might be a bug/small oversight by the authors . this is why you have to adjust the channel volume instead . i guess the property mentioned above is set depending on where you buy your device , since the sound is required by law in some places/countries as explained by eldarerathis in the comments .
there are some apps that will do this for you : ringguard : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.x475aws.android.ringguardhl=en volume locker : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.hourdb.volumelockerfeature=related_apps
you can get an almost stock jellybean experience using supernexus - i9100 . it is based off aosp and only has " improvements and optimizations " , but states it is still very near to stock . another option , while differentiating itself from aosp , is cyanogenmod . this is based on aosp , but includes a lot of extra features and improvements of aosp , while keeping the bloat to a minimum . as for instructions on getting it ready for a custom rom , the instructions on the cyanogenmod wiki tend to be fairly accurate and may give you the needed information to get you started . install cm for i9100 if you do not want cyanogenmod on your phone , replace step #2 in the last section with whatever rom you want to try ( like the one above ) . make sure you get the right gapps ( basic google apps including the play store ) unless your rom includes it ( most do not ) .
i will try to answer my own question here . the short answer is : get a rom that just works ! ( no , not a room , a rom ! get a rom ! ) here is the same screenshot image of the SD &amp; phone storage menu , this time with a rom called supernova . you can find an installation guide here . as you can see from the image i now have 1.86 gb of internal storage space . no additional apps have been installed yet , except for some apps that came with the rom , and the stock htc apps that came with the phone . how-to you will need root and s-off before you continue . it is also possible to install this rom with s-on , but it will require some additional steps , for more details see the developers website . you will also need a custom recovery like clock work mod ( cwm ) or 4ext recovery . the latter is recommended . you will also need to flash stock hboot , if you do not have that already . you will find the stock hboot on alpharev website . go to the download page of developers website . download " supernova 2.4.0.1 extreme rom " . you will see at least three mirror download links . here 's one direct link to dev-host . power off the phone . enter hboot on the phone . enter recovery ( i used 4ext touch recovery ) . format and partition the sd card with one ext4 partition and one fat32 . power off the phone and take out the sd card . mount your sd card to the computer . copy the supernova_2.4.0.1_signed . zip file to the sd card . put the sd card in the phone . enter recovery and choose " update from zip " . select the file above . this will now flash the new rom . reboot the phone . first boot will take longer time than usual . when you get to the setup wizard , skip setting up a google account . reboot the phone . you will see a blue led go and off . this means data2sd is loaded and working . now you can setup your google account and wi-fi , and what not . remember , complete installation instructions can be found here . that web page can be overwhelming , especially for newbies , which is why i tried to put it in a more condensed form here . if you run into the " download was unsuccessful please try again " message when downloading apps , this means that the app you are trying to download is too big and the android market cache is too small . this problem is covered in the faq at developers website , it is question 28 . the suggested workaround involves using scriptmanager app and a script , and this must be done every time you reboot . but i have found that installing the latest version of play store ( replacement for android market ) manually solves the problem permanently . here 's a short how-to on that too . download the apk file for play store . connect the phone to the computer . if prompted , choose to mount as disk drive . copy the apk file to the sd card . disconnect the phone . go to menu , settings , applications , and enable unknown sources . start a file manager app ( i used es file explorer , but astro is good too ) . browse to the file ( /mnt/sdcard/ ) and tap it to open . you will be prompted if you want to replace a system app . tap ok to continue .
redphone and textsecure from whispersystems are the best way to achieve encrypted voice and sms on android . those two apps just work ( tm ) and are extremely user friendly .
you can find the source for this app in the gallery2 package in aosp . all the code for the photo editor is in src/com/android/gallery3d/filtershow . the saving is handled by tools/ImageSave.java , which has this comment explaining the behaviour ( which i have formatted ) :- in order to support the new edit-save behavior such that user will not see the edited image together with the original image , we are adding a new auxiliary directory for the edited image . basically , the original image will be hidden in that directory after edit and user will see the edited image only . note that deletion on the edited image will also cause the deletion of the original image under auxiliary directory . there are several situations we need to consider : user edit local image local01.jpg . a local02.jpg will be created in the same directory , and original image will be moved to auxiliary directory as ./.aux/local02.jpg . if user edit the local02.jpg , local03.jpg will be created in the local directory and ./.aux/local02.jpg will be renamed to ./.aux/local03.jpg user edit remote image remote01.jpg from picassa or other server . remoteSavedLocal01.jpg will be saved under proper local directory . in remoteSavedLocal01.jpg , there will be a reference pointing to the remote01.jpg . there will be no local copy of remote01.jpg . if user edit remoteSavedLocal01.jpg , then a new remoteSavedLocal02.jpg will be generated and still pointing to the remote01.jpg user delete any local image local.jpg . since the filenames are kept consistent in auxiliary directory , every time a local.jpg get deleted , the files in auxiliary directory whose names starting with " local." will be deleted . this pattern will facilitate the multiple images deletion in the auxiliary directory . in short : yes , it saves edited images in a .aux directory , inside the directory the image came from . it also stores the filter chain you used to create the image in xmp metadata inside the new image ( the filtered one ) , in the namespace http://ns.google.com/photos/1.0/filter/ . this information consists of : SourceFileUri: the uri where it has saved the unmodified file filterstack: a serialized representation of the stack of filters it used ( in the same format it saves presets to its private database )
this is as close to an answer as i can find at the moment . looking at the site for the ( soon to be launched ) google play for education site , one of the benefits that they mention is : for educators android tablets in the classroom google play for education brings the innovation of android technology into classrooms . educators can set up and deploy large numbers of devices in just minutes or hours rather than days . . . . over-the-air delivery to student devices after finding apps they want to use , educators can push them instantly to student devices over the air . they can send the apps to individuals or groups of any size , across classrooms , schools , or even districts . ( my emphasis , from http://developer.android.com/distribute/googleplay/edu/about.html ) which sounds promising , but if you go to the sign up/school interest page it has this interesting bit of wording on the form : which suggests that there is a limit somewhere around the 30 device number . which would match up with what you are seeing . as i can not find anything else official mentioning this limit , i can not find any official advice for getting round the limit either , sorry .
i do not think this is possible . i think when carriers agree to let users roam on each others use their network , that probably their policies would comply in the way that when you can trust your carrier , you can probably trust it when it trusts the other one . edit : actually i recently found this out : when you go to settings > wireless and networks > mobile networks > network operators , you can choose to select your network manually instead of having it done automatically . but in fact , i am not sure what it will do when you go out of coverage of the network you chose .
we did respond to every e-mail , so it is likely that our e-mails went to your spam folder . if you still have problems with any purchase please contact us at service@ikoid.com.
offline data saving is supported on android , you can see this if you go into your browser , select settings , advanced settings , website settings and you can see which websites are using your offline cache , as well as which are using other advanced access like gps . to create an icon for a website on your home screen : once you have created a bookmark in your browser for the page , you can go to your home screen , long-press on a bit of spare space , select shortcuts , bookmark and pick that one . that should give you an icon straight to that page .
in the mean time i got 2.3.7 up and in case someone needs another solution - now i use power widgets to toggle screen lock on and off manually . when i am on my home network , i use wifi unlocker to keep the screen lock turned off while the connection is on . works very nice . edit : after upgrading to 4.2+ i simply started using built-in android profiles . screen lock types can be set there and can then be easily switched through the " long-press-power-button-menu " .
mru is right about the android and me news widget . based on the dock at the bottom i would also say mru 's right about that being the sense ui as well , which means the clock and weather widget is stock , but you can replicate it with these : weather forecast and clock widget beautiful widgets i have the fancy widget but it is no longer available because htc thought it looked too much like their widget ( you could probably find the apk out there somewhere ) the battery widget is called . . . battery widget . also , you may be able to get those sense icons by using the sense ui icons app for pandahome . the wallpaper is his own formated for a g1/hero ( 640x480 ) . more on sizing wallpapers for specific android phones .
you can get this functionality with these launchers : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.sudomakemeanapp.sudoquicklaunch http://www.droid-life.com/2013/01/23/lmt-launcher-brings-pie-goodness-without-the-custom-rom/
play store purchases are refundable under a 15 minute window . under that window , if the user does not like the app and wants a refund , using play store to refund the purchase will end in the user receiving back the purchase amount and the app being uninstalled from the device . is it possible , under the refund window , to copy a paid app to the external storage for example and then once refunded , install it from there . i am no app developer but i know some apps that despite doing this , they check somehow the purchase via play store and in this case , since the user has not bought the app ( it did a refund ) , the app will not work as if it was purchased . in this example the app has a free and paid version , so the paid version has more features but since the user did not paid for that , it gets the free ( despite having the full installed ) .
try pvstar+ . not the easiest ui , but it'll let you play ( really just listen to ) youtube videos and a number of other sources , too , in the background .
install sip user agents on both phones and pc . you can use sipdroid or csipsimple for android and a softphone program like x-lite on the pc . note that you need to set up local accounts when configuring the software . you can then call other parties on the local network directly by their ip:port . if you do not want that , you need to install a full blown voip proxy like asterisk .
many people have this problem with android . you can see it has been reported in android 's bug tracking system . the number of levels is controlled by a setting that is compiled into the android system image . use a different rom it is possible that flashing a custom-rom could increase the number of levels , but i do not know which , if any , custom roms do this . this bug report in cyanogenmod ' s tracker suggests they do not plan to add that feature , for fear it may cause compatibility problems with some apps . use a different app ( easy ) some media apps have their own volume control , on top of that provided by android . i believe poweramp is one such ( but i do not use it myself ) . if there is one particular app you need more control of , such as a music app , you might want to replace it with one that has this feature . edit your phone 's os ( advanced ) if you are not worried about the risk of breaking some ( badly-written ) apps , and your device is root ed , then you can follow these instructions to edit the android system image to increase the number of levels . that site gives step-by-step instructions , including installing the developer tools you will need to make system changes ; a summary for knowledgeable people is as follows : get framework.jar from your device and run baksmali on it . edit framework\android\media\AudioService.smali search for 0xft 0x0t 0x0t 0x0t to find the table of audio levels . replace the first number of each row with the desired number of levels ( in hexadecimal ) . run smali to generate a new framework.jar , and then replace the original on the device .
google+ instant upload offers a setting to allow uploads only when the charger is connected . facebook 's instant photo upload does not offer such an option . the gallery is linked to your google account and thus to picasaweb . however , there is no option within the gallery app to restrict data transfer only when the charger is connected . carbonite recently started offering a mobile app , and that includes backing up photos and videos . it offers an option to use battery or not for when uploading . so google+ or carbonite mobile are your choices . ( at least from the photo auto-upload services i am aware of . )
since your device is pretty new there is almost no way it is actually the battery ( unless it is a defective battery ) . it is probably a rouge application . try turning off your device and turning it back on . you should try to reboot your device at least once a week , it will clean up any memory leaks and will help keep system applications from crashing . if restarting does not help , then let the battery die all of the way ; then , let the device charge all the way before turning it on . if you are still having problems then it is either a system app that is getting hung up on something and hogging cpu , or it is a defective battery . you can check how much battery each application is sucking up by going to : settings --> battery information --> battery use that is where it is on my phone at least , it should be in a similar location for you as well . in the case of a defective battery , as long as you have not tampered with the device at all , it is covered under your warranty with the manufacturer . just bring it back to your mobile carrier store and they should be able to handle it for you with no problems . edit : you can use a task killer to kill a rouge process on android . a rouge process could eat up battery especially if it is doing things like using wifi . i had this one development phone that i would charge , and then it would be in my pocket and it would start burning my leg because it would get so hot . it was a rouge system app that was constantly getting stuck in some sort of network loop whenever i was connected to wifi . i usually just restarted my phone , but i would on occasion just kill it with a task manager . here is ( in my opinion ) the best task killer on the market ( for free ) : memory booster - ram optimizer a restart about once a week will keep your phone functioning correctly . this will also clean up any possible memory leaks as well . you should not use a task killer to end an app that is not hogging cpu , android should take care of all of that stuff for you . friends do not let other friends use task killers .
this was a semi-known issue on 4.5.585 gingerbread ( verizon 's first official gingerbread update ) . rebooting the phone when it happens was the only remedy . the problem ( i too was affected ) appears to be fixed in the latest verizon update . ( 4.5.602 )
i finally hit upon apn settings which did the trick for me . apn name : straight_talk apn : tfdata port : 80 username : not set password : not set server : not set mmsc : http://mms-tf.net mms proxy : 66.209.11.33 mms port : 80 mcc : 310 mnc : 410 auth type : none apn type : default , supl , mms , hipri , agps , fota , dun , entitle
you can install the wifi keyboard app from android market . a good app , supports both usb and wifi input . you need to follow information carefully , to get work around .
currently xperia phones with newer erom , bootloaders can not be unlocked via the above mentioned test point method . got the information from http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=30675295postcount=108
okay , i did a brief test the other day . . . only drove about 80 miles , . . . obviously longer drives would give better averaging samples . but from my short drive , it seems that maps navigation uses roughly 1 mb for every 10 miles .
in a way , the answer is yes . although , i would not consider any of the sites where you would get the rom from to be " official " . what you need to do is download odin3 ( or hemidal ) and use that tool to flash the stock rom on the device . doing so will most likely require you to completely wipe the device to factory state . i found a couple sites that do have the stock firmware , but i do not want to link to the rom directly for a couple reasons . one , i do not know the legality of linking to a the stock firmware and if the file is no longer valid in the future , i do not want this post to be " out of date " . if you google " flash i9000 odin stock " you will likely find a couple different sources that have the files needed to flash back stock . when i did this , the first site had the 2.3 xxjvu release for the i9000 , and the . pit file ( which is also required when going back to stock , and the drivers . it also is a tutorial on how to flash it .
google maps can do this . long-press the map at your location ; a popup should appear with the address ; you can tap that and it'll give you the option to " share " that location . from that you can send a text , email , etc .
i just found this free app , my kindle wallpaper which does this simply and easily , no root required . d/l and install it , and point it at a photo or a folder full ( on the kf , not on the net ) , and get your favorite background photo or cycle through several ( one per wake-up , the way the stock software does ) . works perfectly on my original kf with kf v6.3.1 .
the new uhs-i card your phone comes with a microsdhc form factor , and according to scandisk , their cards are compatible : sandisk ultra® microsdxc™ uhs-i card : see specifications tab available capacities : 8gb , 16gb , 32gb , 64gb performance/speed : up to 30mb/s read speed ; write speed lower compatibility : compatible with all microsdhc [ or microsdxc ] supporting host devices sandisk extreme pro® microsdhc™ uhs-i card : see specifications tab available capacities : 8gb , 16gb performance/speed : up to 95 mb/s ( 633x ) read speed ; write speed up to 90 mb/s ( 600x ) compatibility : compatible with all microsdhc supporting host devices since the form factor remains the same , there is no problem here . your device your device , while capable of reading , will be unable to take advantages over this new card speeds . mainly because this technology is new and the os simple was not prepared for it . on a personal note : do not spend your money with this card on that specific phone . you will have no gain from it .
these files are for the transformers : dark of the moon film which was included promotionally with your nexus 7 . the movie was not , at least in my case , pre-installed on your device , as it takes a considerable amount of your available storage space ( especially if you have an 8gb unit ! ) . i am guessing you must at some point have unknowingly hit the small ' button ' on the video telling it to download the film for offline use . the first thing that came to my mind was , that this may be a webm video file ( matroska container + vp8 video stream + vorbis audio stream ) . it would have made sense . but feeding the file to mediainfo looks like this : an avc video stream and aac audio stream , is what one would expect from a regular mp4 , but mpeg-ps format ( ps = program stream ) is unusual . this is how a regular mp4 looks in mediainfo : the file [ from the nexus 7 ] even plays for a few seconds in vlc and in mplayer , but then i get error messages . so either the format is not yet supported or it is sort of encrypted .
usually sideloading is not prevented by the manufacturer , but by the operator . all the tablets i have tried had no operator customizations and supported sideloading . of course , this depends on your country and operator .
no . both versions of the nexus 7 use ips lcd displays , which are not vulnerable to burn-in or other detrimental effects from displaying a fixed graphic . burn-in in currently used display technologies is a problem limited to organic light emitting diode ( oled ) displays , such as those used on the samsung galaxy s3 and s4 . the electroluminescent compounds used to make these displays degrade as they are used ( resulting in reduced brightness over time ) , thus displaying a fixed graphic will result in some parts of the screen wearing at a different rate than other parts . compounding this issue is that different colours of oled degrade at different rates ( blue degrades fastest , followed by green , then red ) . here 's an example of what this looks like . the burned-in sections will be permanently darker than the rest of the screen .
it does not seem to be possible . at least not in the post it self . in the list of posts it is however . the only way i am able to scroll in posts , is sideways , which changes the post . it could be done programmatically though , by combining and rewriting some stuff . but then it is of course no longer google reader : ) a suggestion however ( which is what i do ) is to make a small hole in the thumb of the glove . then the skin is able to make electric connections on the touch screen : )
total = application + data application = size of apk file of the app data = space consumed by /data/data/&lt;Package_Name_of_App&gt; ( it contains data stored by the app ) other stats details : if Force Stop button is active , it means the app is running in background . you can use this button to stop the app from running . Cache section shows how much data the app has stored in /cache partition . if Clear Defaults button is active , it means the app is set as default to complete an action like sending email , open url etc . you can tap this button to clear default ( s ) . on the same page , you can get list and small description about Permissions the app has . if you need explanation of permissions , check this article out .
what ended up working was re-installing the stock nexus one ( a . k.a. passion ) image . there seem to be several different ways to go back to a stock installation , but what worked for me was : download the PASSIMG_Passion_.zip file from shipped-roms . com re-name the file passimg.zip and copy it to the sd card via usb booted into hboot ( hold the volume down button while powering on the phone ) selected ' yes ' when asked if hboot should install the image the above steps were inspired by this post in the xda-developers forum . after doing this , ota updates started working again .
for non-rooted phones . up until 2.1 it is not possible . regular apps do not have the permission to perform full wipes or factory restores . i believe there are apps that erase your call/sms records and your contacts . starting with 2.2 , it seems google is granting limited root powers to apps that use device administration . it is supposedly a way for enterprises to policy their employee 's phones , and requires an extra confirmation by the owner . but i believe it could be used by anyone writing an app . in fact , the code for wiping seems so simple that i think you could write an open-source app yourself if you have some programming background . ; - ) for rooted phones . there are remote wipe apps , but i do not believe any of them is open source ( that i have heard of ) . remote wipe for root users is possibly the simplest one , and it is in the market , but i have never tried it myself . this app is no longer on the market .
ensure you properly dismount the phone storage from your computer , and then have your phone mount it , before disconnecting usb .
for usb teathering i know only two options that ( in my experience ) works well : azilink - the hard but free way easyteather - the easy but non-free way
you will need root access on your devices ( well , at least on the old one ) in order to copy the apps off it . once rooted , you can use a number of 3rd-party " backup " apps to save a copy of the apps to your sd card , copy it to your pc , and then side-load them onto your new phone . the one i use is titanium backup . root your original device . look at sites like xda-developers or rootzwiki for help with that . in titanium backup use the backup/restore functionality to backup the apps you need to the sd card . on the new phone also install titanium backup app , enable side-loading ( menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Unknown sources ) , and use the restore functionality to restore the apps . if you do not feel like installing a 3rd-party backup app , this can be done manually , although it is a lot more involved ( installing android sdk , usb drivers , using command prompt to find package names and copy the apks from old phone and installing them on the new one . )
pa-gapps has packaged the necessary support files , which are flashable as a zip . you can use just the google camera module . hdr support files from the nexus 5 factory image have been added to all gapps packages . this may help users who prefer to install google camera from the play store [ stock/full/mini/micro ]
after you enter the starting point and destination , the app gives you the possible routes . on that screen the best route has a start navigation option ; selecting this causes the app to crash . instead select the route you prefer and then hit the start arrow at the bottom right corner . works for me .
most of the time when a unpacked and modified rom gets repacked , it will become unusable/unstable because it failed to get resigned with the proper key . you need to have the zip package resigned from the original firmware key . that is why you are experiencing those hiccups . also if any of the apps depend on libs and/or resouces , you would need to make sure they are in place as well - prior to repacking and resigning for a decent write up take a look at this : http://androiddomain.weebly.com/build-your-own-rom.html . this will show one of the proper ways of repackaging a rom .
my phone is also on 2.3.3 . the updates get pushed out depending on a number of factors including region ( as mentioned by crashhh in his comment ) and carrier . from my understanding , often the releases will be controlled by the manufacturer ( and in the case of samsung and most others , customisation occurs ) . once the manufacturer is ready to support it in a particular region , it will release the software to the carriers . many carriers will also make their own modifications ( and add their own bloatware ) . only once this process is complete , will the update be available in kies . with the release of gingerbread in australia from my carrier , i know that the release went back and forth between samsung and the carrier a few times , delaying its release to customers . i am speculating , but the update you received may have been some sort of patch to the manufacturer/carrier specific software , and therefore i would not expect it to increment the version number of the os .
yes - there is a setting you need to change . the notification bar 's actions are based on what you have gmail set up to do when swiping away an email within the app . to change it from Archive: open Gmail and go to Settings there change the Swiping conversation list from Archive/unlabel/delete to Always delete this changed my notification bar action from Archive to Delete
you have two options . do a factory reset . go to Settings &gt; Backup &amp; reset &gt; Factory data reset . when you are asked to log-in your google account , it will ask you if you want to download the apps you installed before . usually , your paid apps will be installed ( and possibly some of the free apps ) . you may have to manually install the others . or , you can always use titanium backup . make sure to back-up only user apps , not system apps . then , restore those user apps after you have flashed a new rom .
i think i found the problem . i turned option off that lets use 3rd party apps internet connection as was recommended on one blog on power plan optimization on android .
backup your phone this is important if you wish to keep any data from your phone . you will have to restore backed up data ( such as apps ) after you update . the only way to update to the latest software is to erase your device , so backup whatever you do not want to lose . extract the . zip file , which you can download from this androidforum thread or this xda thread . open the folder and install msxml 4.0 sp3 parser ( msxml . msi ) . once that has finished , install lgandroiddriver_whql_ml_ver1.0_all_win7 . exe which are the drivers so your computer will recognize your phone . windows xp users download this driver , extract the contents anywhere ( e . g . desktop ) , right-click on the ' android_usb . inf ' file and click ' install ' . next , open kdz_fw_upd . exe ( i ) change ' type ' to '3gqct ' this is a must , the update will not work otherwise and you may brick your phone ( ii ) make sure ' phonemode ' is set to ' diag ' ( iii ) browse for the ' v20b_00+fastboot . kdz ' file . prepare the phone by enabling usb debugging by going to settings> applications> development> enable usb debugging and connect the phone to the computer via usb cable and wait for the drivers to install for the phone . sometimes the computer still will not recognize the phone , if this is the case , try this : windows vista and windows 7 users press start and type device manager ( windows xp users right click ' my computer ' and click properties , then click the hardware tab and click device manager ) then locate lge android platform modem , right click it and click disable . accept any warnings that come up . also , make sure you have disabled mass storage mode on your phone . to do this , go to settings> storage> enable mass storage , and untick the box . click ' launch software update ' and do not use your computer until the update is complete . the update will take roughly 10-20 mins to complete . this method was found in the androidforums . there is also a youtube tutorial on rooting the gt540 . bricking is always a possibility when modifying software that does not come directly through the intended channels that said , the methods here have been proven to work and your risk is significantly less if you perform these steps correctly . let us know if you need any help !
in order to root an android phone , you have to take into account the manufacturer of the phone and the model , and also you need to take into account the android version installed . the process to root a phone is based on some exploit in the system , and each android version with each model has a different method , which takes advantage of different exploits . there are common exploits across some models , but in general , you need to look for a rooting method for your phone model and the android version it has . i have used this page on some occasions to look for tutorials , but you can also look in xda developers
cyanogenmod versus android to ask how cyanogenmod is different from android is comparable to ask how is a cat different from an animal . cyanogenmod is an android custom-rom . see : our rom tag-wiki for what a rom is our custom-rom tag-wiki for details on custom roms our cyanogenmod tag-wiki for details on cyanogenmod quoting the latter , which quotes from the cyanogenmod website : cyanogenmod is an aftermarket firmware for a number of cell phones based on the open-source android operating system . it offers features not found in the official android based firmwares of vendors of these cell phones . as you are asking about ecosystems : cyanogenmod meanwhile is a company . there might be multiple ecosystems using the same resources . as will be shown below : google versus android versus cyanogenmod android is not google , and google is not android . behind android stands the aosp team . so android is open source , which is why other groups like cyanogenmod can use it . the " iron grip " of your question does not go to android itself , it is rather the additions google puts on top , the so-called google apps ( see : google-apps and its tag-wiki ) . those apps are not open-source , but closed-source . cyanogenmod started shipping their own counter-parts for several of the google-apps ( and features ) , and here you have got your ecosystem : apps and services . cyanogenmod is not permitted to ship the google-apps with their roms , you have to install them manually ( if you want them ) , or leave them out . there are many substitutes available , so you can use android without google : android os without google services ? can an android phone run without google ? guide : how to use your android phone without google android without google ­– discussion @xda can i trust x with my data ? google earns its money with advertisements . if you can trust them with your data , imho you can trust cyanogenmod even more . if you do not want to trust either of them , there are alternatives such as owncloud , funambol , and more , which you can use with any rom , cyanogenmod included – setting up your own cloud , as one of the names suggests . concerning the google-play-store and " where to get my apps from": as with the other google-apps , custom roms are not permitted to bundle them with their distributions . but there are a lot of alternative and open-source markets , like f-droid etc . ( see our alternative-markets tag-wiki ) . there have been rumours about a cyanogenmod app market , but i must have missed that taking off .
by far the easiest way to do this is to use firefox as your web browser everywhere , and then use firefox 's built in sync functionality . this will ( optionally ) sync not just your bookmarks , but also your history , your saved passwords and your preferences , and let you see the recent tabs you have had open on different machines . start by installing firefox for android , then on your pc go into firefox 's options , click the sync tab and run through the wizard to set up sync and the encryption key . then open firefox on your android device and you should see a prominent option to set up sync that will involve copying a short authentication code between your phone and pc copies of firefox . after that it will start pulling all of the info down from your pc to your phone ( you may want to make sure you are on wifi for this first sync ) . for a clearer guide , with pictures , see this page on the mozilla support site how do i sync firefox between my desktop and mobile ?
you can now download it using your network only , no need for wifi . the wifi only option was until 23 november . i am currently downloading 4.4 over my mobile internet only .
this could be achieved with tasker : you can create a " task " performing the HTTP_GET you need , and then create a shortcut to that task on your homescreen ( the same way you had create any other shortcut there : tasker task shows up in the list of available shortcuts , and lets you select the task to create the shortcut for ) .
it is possible that you are long-pressing the icon and then sliding it over to the other screen . this is also how you could put it back where you want it without deleting and re-adding the icon/widget . several times i have inadvertantly rested a finger on the keyboard long enough to bring up the menu .
the g2 does indeed have 4gb of internal storage , but not all of it is visible to the operating system . the internal memory ( /dev/block/mmcblk0 ) shows up as 2256 mb which place it solidly in the this-is-4gb-of-memory camp . there are several reasons for confusion on this point . of the 2256mb of internal memory visible to the os , 1.3gb is allocated to /data ( storage for apps ) . this 1.3gb is what you see when you look at " internal phone storage " in settings-> sd card and phone storage . partitioning in this was has been standard on all android phones . the new part with the g2 is where the rest of the 4gb of internal memory are . there has been wild speculation on this point , but a backup copy of the entire os portion of the phone or space for future updates make the most sense .
if you install superuser you can control which apps are allowed root access . by default it blocks all requests and asks you what you want to do . you can give an app access indefinitely and revoke it at any time , or allow only specific requests with a timeout . most rooted roms come with it pre-installed , including cyanogenmod , and many rooting methods will install it for you as well . as an alternative , you could remove the su binary and busybox from your device to effectively un-root it .
android does not have a distinction between " text fields " and " text areas " like html has . one control , called TextView ( or EditText , but they are both the same underlying control ) handles all text fields , whether they are editable or not , and whether they are one line or several . that is not to say that every text field behaves the same way . TextView gives the app the opportunity to set hints for the keyboard , to tell it what kind of text is being edited ( called the input type ) . one input type tells the keyboard that the text being entered is a search filter . the keyboard 's free to interpret these hints however it likes : in this case , google keyboard does not show any word completions/suggestions when the input type is a search filter . you can avoid this problem by using a different keyboard app which interprets the input type and other hints differently . for example , swiftkey shows word completions for search filters just like for normal text . ( i have just tested it on google search . ) swiftkey also supports gesture typing like the default keyboard . if you are interested , you can learn more about the different hints apps can give to the keyboard by playing with my app im prove . ( it is a free app with no ads , so all i get if you use it is a warm fuzzy feeling when you leave a good rating . ) with this app , you can set all the hints , and see what effect they have on your keyboard . you can compare different keyboards this way .
doing a full Clear Data on the default browser ( " internet " on the incredible ) worked for me . just make sure you have your other bookmarks backed up ( for example , using an app such as backup bookmarks could be used to back them up to sd ) . the steps should look something like this : settings > applications > manage applications > all > internet > clear data edit : as mentioned in the comment below , bookmarks manager allows users to delete the default browser favorites/bookmarks . note that the crossed-out portion of this answer would erase things such as history , entered text , etc . however , apparently not the default bookmarks .
all android apps are signed . android will not run an unsigned app . in addition , the signatures are tied to the app permissions , such that if the signature was wrong , other apps would not be able to talk with it , and you would not be able to receive updates to it from google play . android signing is discussed in more depth in signing your applications in the android developer documentation , from which the above information was drawn . if you are paranoid and want to verify an app 's signature , you can use the jarsigner utility included with the java development kit ( jdk ) . for example : jarsigner -verify -verbose -certs Vending.apk 
you need to first install a key logger on the device ( which will need to be rooted for full functionality ) and then you will be able to log all key strokes . there are several apps that offer that . p . s using keyloggers to spy on people is illegal in most countries .
i tried again earlier today , and found it working . cause of the fix might be : a ) enabling multiple login on this account ; b ) migrating the google apps domain to the latest version ; c ) time , and it fixing itself .
as a further answer i forgot there is media monkey which just has basic usb copy which will do what you want - let you make a playlist and just copy it to your phone .
it stopped to ask my password after about 4 reboots , or 4 days . i do not know what was causing the problem .
navigate to market , select menu > downloads and you will see the list of apps on your phone . notice the my rating section where you can star and comment on the app .
i actually did not know this until just a few minutes ago but you can use pdadb .net's pda-chooser to search by release year ( so not exact date but at least its something ) . obviously if its not in the database it will not appear and i am guessing that only confirmed devices/dates are entered . that along with gus 's answer should help . you may also want to check out engadget
this is a known " bug " with android ( it is probably intended behavior ) . the language , locale , and related settings are all linked and cannot be changed independently . google apparently decided that people who read italian want to see numbers for dates . i do not believe this was changed in 2.3-gingerbread so i guess there is no fix yet : (
it is definitely a valid concern and you should be wary of apps that can record keystrokes with " full internet " privileges . it is best to reach out to the developer of such keyboard app and ask them this question directly . i imagine such a permission would be required for something benign , like downloading language packs ( from within the keyboard app ) or showing ads , for example .
from what i can see in the video , the fluctuations are within about 1° in the first app , and 0.5° in the second . that is not exactly " random numbers in a wide range " . accuracy within 1° is acceptable for most intended use cases : mobile games , screen orientation , gestures , etc . it is quite possible that motorola decided to use a cheaper sensor since the phone itself is intended to be a very low-cost device . i would not say that it is defective . possibly subpar , but not defective .
this would have to be supported by the rom . screen orientation change in android uses support from the graphics driver , the system ui , and the framework that apps use . either choose a device that has this feature already ( ask the vendor if you are not sure ) , or you will have to use a custom rom to achieve this . since android stbs are still quite a minority feature , it might be hard to find a custom rom for your device , and/or hard to get help making your own .
no , you can not update it from google play . it would be like buying your phone from carphone warehouse and then expecting phones4u to help you out with a problem just because they sell the same phone . or buying a music download in google play and expecting to be able to download it from itunes . you have paid samsung for the app , not google . if you uninstall it via the button in google play , the app will just uninstall in the usual way . you will be able to reinstall it from the samsung app store if you change your mind , but you still will not be able to download it from google play unless you buy it there . just wait a week or two to see if there is an update . apps uploaded to samsung 's app store have to be " certified " , just like apple 's , so there is often a delay before a new version will appear there .
according to the wikipedia article , all the htc one xl devices fall under the evita model . evita is just the code name for the device . just about every device is initially manufactured with a " codename " . this is more just like an internal name for the device . this could be because they have not decided on a " public brand " for the device yet , or just because they want to call it something else internally . sometimes the codename resides in the model name in the settings -> about phone . but if you have adb access to your device , you can do something like : &gt; adb shell $ getprop  this will dump out all the properties that are configured during the boot process . one of them , probably something like ro.product.device will contain the value evita .
unfortunately skype for android is still very flawed and has a lot of issues apart from the one you pointed out . right now the only thing you can do is to go on settings and deactivate the notifications when you are using your pc , and reactivate them when you are away from it . i always keep the vibration deactivated because either if i am using the pc or i am using the phone , that vibration is definitely too loud .
the galaxy tab 10.1 can make 2g/3g calls and calls over wifi with voip apps like skype or tango . the nexus 7 can only make calls over wifi with voip apps as i already mentioned . there would be no easy way of getting the nexus 7 to make 2g/3g calls as it would require adding a radio to the tablet .
if you have adb shell , you can try below command top -m 10  which displays top 10 applications which takes cpu .
first , ensure that " usb debugging " option is enabled on your phone by going to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Development . on some devices this option will be grayed out while your phone is connected via usb , so disconnect it first . next step is installing the usb drivers on your computer . assuming you are running windows , the drivers for mytouch 4g should be located on the sd card that came with the phone . look for file named " htcdriver . exe " then copy to your pc and execute it . if you can not find that file , look for the drivers on google . after you successfully install the drivers , download and install the android sdk . pick a folder that is easy to type , such as "C:\AndroidSDK" for example . now open windows command prompt by going to start -> run , typing " cmd " ( without quotes ) and pressing enter . in the command prompt window type in cd C:\AndroidSDK\platform-tools and press enter . connect your mt4g to the pc via usb , and in the command prompt type in adb devices and press enter . if everything was correctly installed you should see messages like these : * daemon not running . starting it now on port 5037 * * daemon started successfully * list of devices attached xxxxxxxxxxx device where " xxxxxxxxxx " is a combination of letters and numbers , signifying your phone 's id . this means adb is seeing your phone , and you can now issue commands to it .
check out wifi keyboard -- allows you to use your desktop 's keyboard to control the android . nb : i have not personally tried this , but it looks pretty cool . aimed particularly at apps that require keyboard input , but still do not pop-up a virtual keyboard . . . . . . again , wifi , not bluetooth . aaargh . unless , you know , you get your pc to broadcast on bluetooth .
the primary technique to reject applications other than from play store to install is in the settings for security . make sure the setting " unknown sources " is unchecked . this setting normally allows 3rd party installation to occur .
i found sort of a workaround for this ( at least for a rooted phone ) . if a phone is rooted , busybox is most probably installed . stty is part of busybox . stty intr ^x redefines ctrl + x to act as a break command , e.g. what was previously ctrl + c .
on google maps , create your trip including all waypoints . save that map to " my maps " within google maps . on the android device , go to maps , layers , more layers and then choose " my maps " select the map you want , it will come into maps on your android device with each waypoint available . you can choose each waypoint individually and you will get the blue arrow over it which will kick off google navigation . not the best solution ( e . g . google having programmed it as a feature ) , but at least one can completely plan a trip with google maps and then port the entire thing over to the android device and navigate with it .
primary reasons for the no swap recommendations are the basic uselessness of swap for most devices , performance reasons , and device longevity . as liam mentions , modern devices have no shortage of ram ( even my old underpowered wildfire s has as much ram as my previous desktop . ) and that ram is managed fairly well by the modern android system , making a swap largely pointless . also , even though flash is far better than platters of spinning rust , it is still orders of magnitude slower than ram is , hence for performance reasons , you do not want to tier down to flash if you can at all avoid it . furthermore , flash memory has a limit on how many times you can erase and rewrite it . while this cycle limit is typically in the thousands or tens of thousands , which combined with modern wear leveling systems , means you are unlikely to hit the limit within the useful lifespan of the device , but if you are using it as swap , with loads and loads of itty-bity writes , you will chew through those cycles needlessly and might actually bump against those limits in time .
espier launcher might be the closest thing you can get to an " ios experience " . i gave it a test run , it does not have an app drawer . . . it is pretty much exactly like ios .
no , it is a completely different service . in fact , it is a cloud service with an android app ; whereas the music app is simply a local music app .
i have ported emacs to android . ( google play , github ) it does not draw ui like linux x11 version , but uses modified android terminal emulator .
in order to remove the book/app from your cloud , you will need to visit visit amazon.com/myk . log into your account and find the book/app . click the " actions " link to the right of the title . under it you will have the option to delete it permanently . after you do so , you will have the repurchase the book if you want to read it again .
this behaviour depends on the application you use , and so , on the way developer ( s ) programmed their applications . the application may provide an option to use enter as send , but if it does not , then i think you can not do much about this . . .
it is an artificial geographic restriction that amazon have put in . essentially the . com amazon kindle store is accessible to any amazon customers worldwide ( except for customers who is account has an address in a country that has its own kindle store ) . country specific kindle stores , like amazon . co . uk 's kindle store are only accessible to amazon accounts that have an address in that country . so , the amazon . co . uk kindle store is only accessible by uk devices , based on a uk amazon account . the amazon . com kindle store is accessible to everyone worldwide who has a non-uk amazon account . the same thing happens for the newly launched amazon . de kindle store , only users with german or austrian addresses can use it . it is based on your account 's home address/billing address , not on which website 's account you use . you can apply to amazon to have your kindle account moved from . com to the country-specific site , if you created your account before your country 's site was available , but you can not use two sites at the same time . presumably when more countries have their own kindle store , they will be locked out of the . com store , and other countries will be locked out of their country-specific store .
skype has blocked fring from using it is services . for more info see http://www.fring.com/blog/?p=2322
the sleep timeout and other screen lock settings can be restricted by a device policy . this is something that you might install to access a corporate vpn or mail server , and additionally some kinds of security apps ( such as antivirus ) . they can force security-related settings to particular values , e.g. to make sure that your work email will be secure even if you leave your device unattended . you can see and deactivate device administrators from the main settings app . look under device administrators . most android devices have " android device manager " in that list , so ignore that , but anything else there could be restricting your screen lock settings .
as @geffchang said , disabling animations in developer options is right way
from what i looked up , the karbonn s1 titanium does not support otg . according to http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/snapdragon_(system_on_chip)#snapdragon_s4 the karbonn s1 titanium , is a msm8625q chipset . which does not support otg http://www.qualcomm.com/snapdragon/processors/s4/specs
firmware , in this case , means the os , since it is a preinstalled part of the core system . the method i used does not require root , but it is possible to root at the same time . i did not . this depends . in most cases , unlocking the bootloader voids your warranty if the warranty is read and interpreted letter-to-letter . however , you could install an official firmware and relock the bootloader to try to bypass this . i have upgraded my yakjuxw with this guide 's method #2 . everything went perfectly except for a few little tricks . first of all , if your phone is completely unmodified , you need to unlock your bootloader . this can be done by booting into the bootloader as explained in the post , and running fastboot oem unlock , navigating to " yes , unlock bootloader " with the volume keys and confirming with the power button . note : this will clear your phone , so you will need to copy the necessary files to your phone after this ! after this , reboot once so that the partitions are mounted correctly in cwm later . now follow the guide carefully , and you should be able to upgrade ( almost ) without any problems . my phone got stuck while booting for the first time , so after 15-20mins i rebooted the phone ( yanked the battery ) but had no adverse effects . at least my phone got the official 4.1.1 update today , so check for that after your first boot !
assuming , you have a nexus , the internal memory should show up as a normal sd card would in other phones . when you connect your phone to a pc and then mount it , it ought to show up as a removable drive . you can use aldiko - it is an ebook reader ( currently freeware ) that works well with epubs . copy the . epub file and drop it in your phone ( after mounting ) place the . epub file in * phone_directory/ebooks/import unmount , and start aldiko press the menu key , and hit import , give it some time to copy the file , and you are done ! the newly imported book should now show up on your bookshelf . the official faq might also help . edit : an alternative ( easier ) method using the same app , available on google play . i found that i could import the . epub without connecting the device to a pc . this was verified with a nexus 7 , which does not have an sd card . navigate to aldiko 's main page . after selecting files , you can browse the files on your device . select the . epub file you want to read and select import . the . epub will show up in the aldiko library .
i figured out that if i disable 802.11n mode and just leave b/g enabled , then my phone works on wifi just fine . it seems that there was an issue using 802.11n on my phone . i do not yet know if the issue was my ap or my phone , but i guess i will need to find a way to disable 802.11n on froyo .
the only solution i am aware of ( besides hacking the code itself ) is blocking permissions : permissions denied pdroid privacy extension regarding pdroid : currently , only gingerbread is supported officially but you may find a working patcher for your cm9.1 firmware on xda . its google play description says : pdroid allows you to block access to the following private data for any application regardless of its permissions : [ . . . ] account auth tokens , [ . . . ] edit : tried pdroid and found it to work great . you need a compatible rom ( cm , aokp , pa , . . . ) and autopatcher ( download here ) plus either the original pdroid or the pdroid2.0 app ( see 1st post/attachment ) . note : v2.0 needs jellybean , use the old one for ics and below ( the original author has not updated the app for some time and has not ported the original gingerbread patches . autopatcher includes both ported original pdroid patches and the v2.0 fork for jellybean )
as you can see on the right , it contains the private data for all apps . if you want to delete these data , you can do it by uninstalling apps or by clicking " clear data " in the apps manager .
there are multiple things to be considered . first , you are absolutely correct : you should avoid restoring system apps . there might be some exceptions ( as e.g. sms , contacts , calendars are maintained by system apps as well ) , but let 's postpone that for now . second , user-apps should be safe to restore , including their data . third , just to be sure , before restoring anything on a different rom/device , you should take some pre-cautions : go to tibu ' s settings , watch out for the " troubleshooting " section , and enable " migration mode " as well as " use system sqlite " ( this combination saved my day more than once ) . while in " normal mode " e.g. sqlite databases would be simply replaced ( which might cause the " owning app " to crash if the structure had changed ) , with " migration mode " tibu attempts to only merge the data . forth , with above precautions taken , you could carefully try to even restore some of the relevant data ( sms , wifi aps , etc . ) . to be on the absolutely safe side , a dedicated backup app for sms etc . would be the better idea ; contacts e.g. could be synced via google or exported to .vcf using the contacts app itself , similarly calendars ( sync or save to .ics using a 3 rd party app ) . last , just in case and to be on the sfe side : restore your apps/data one by one , and check for possible side-effects in between ; continue with the resp . " next app " only when you are sure everything is fine . once running into trouble , remember which app that was ; then factory-reset and restore all up to where you got allright ( in case it was a system-app ) or simply uninstall the troublemaker ( in case of an user-app ) , skip the " trouble app " , and continue carefully with the next . after-thoughts from the comments : the above applies to system apps and user-apps ( the " one-by-one " especially applies to system apps , as you cannot uninstall them it something fails ; though in most cases it suffices to " delete data " for the affected app in settings→apps – if you still can go there , that is ) the above applies as well when restoring a backup on a different device ( as basically , that can be called a " different rom " as well , right ? ) possible side-effects might include force-close-loops of the affected app , even on device start – which again would require a factory-reset if it was a system app ( or a user-app which wants to start at boot ) . with some luck , a start in safe-mode is possible in those cases , and you might be able solving the issue from there . example case for a failed restore ( from my own experience ) : i once restored the sms from a different rom ( did not know about the migration option then ) . results were i could not open the sms app at all ( force-close ) . other apps accessing the same database crashed when trying to do so ( e . g . contacts ) . " delete data " did not solve it back then , so i had to factory-reset . worst cases ( at least if you left out system apps themselves ; their data is ok ) are always solved by a factory-reset . really worst-case ( you restored some system apps and broke it ) is solved by re-flashing the rom .
you can use a new dialer which supports this . i have tried swipe dialer free and it does this ( you get the same icon for all outgoing calls whether they were answered or not but for the un-answered call , you will have " not answered " mentioned " p.s. - if your dialer shows the duration of call then i think for non-answered outgoing calls , it will show "0m 0s " . all other calls will have different durations . so , you can differentiate between them ( if this is what your purpose is ) .
i think the answer here is " in all practicability , no . " one hypothetical alternative would be usb host support , and to mount an external hard drive or thumb drive onto your phone . this would mean doing something like this , how to mount external hard drive to your xoom . this seems impractical and potentially dangerous ( who knows if that otg cable might cause a short ) . the sgs may not even recognize the cable , or the drive , and the apk may not work with your phone . that is the best answer i have on actually connecting via usb to a storage location . actual streaming from a pc via the usb port , though ? even if there were a way , it would probably require extensive work on both the phone and the computer . would not a better ( and way easier ) solution be to buy a wireless usb adapter and set it to ad-hoc mode and ssid non-broadcast ? just a thought .
android only supports proxies in android 4.0+ . in android 2.3 or below i recommend you use the proxydroid app to use the proxy . this app supports authenticated proxies but needs root access . the reason you have a proxy setting could be due to additions by your device manufacturer .
you may want to talk to your carrier about your phone or service because data is separate from voice ( if you are not on a cdma network ) . voice is using gsm/umts and data is hspa . your data network usage should never interrupt your voice call , even if you use cdma . the voice should take priority and stop the data usage to make the call . there is either an issue with the network you are on , or the phone .
the swiftkey website no longer lists anything called " swiftkey " only " swiftkey x " . i have to assume this means " swiftkey " was an earlier product , possibly a beta ?
it looks like your hboot needs to be upgraded to v1.02.0000 in order to use the htcdev unlock method . the reason for this is that the legend 's bootloader did not originally ship with unlocking capabilities , so you need to upgrade to the version that added it . unfortunately , the htcdev site will give you an ruu to run , but since it is an . exe file it will not do you much good on linux ( even with wine it probably will balk ) . however , you can perform a manual flash instead : download this legeimg . zip 1 file . this is the new 1.02 bootloader packaged as a zip . copy the zip file to the root of your sd card ( as in , not in any subfolders ) reboot to your bootloader however you like ( adb reboot bootloader works , for example ) when hboot starts up it should tell you that it found an upgrade package on the sd card . check the on-screen prompt and select " yes " to let it flash the zip . reboot your phone into your bootloader again and verify that it is been updated to version 1.02 . at this point you can follow the htcdev unlocking instructions . 1 regarding this file : " eldarerathis " , you say , " i am sure you are a trustworthy chap and all , but how do i know that this mediafire download is legit ? " well , since your bootloader is currently locked , it will only flash images that have been digitally signed by htc . since modifying the contents of the zip file would invalidate the signature , you can rest assured that it is genuine and has not been tampered with . for complete instructions , including how to actually get the zip from the ruu yourself ( which requires windows ) , refer to this xda post .
do not think about android as a heavily modified linux distribution . because it is not . the nearly only thing that android shares with a linux distribution is the kernel . and even this component is modified . also other core components , like the libc , differ . android has no /etc/fstab you do not need /etc/fstab to mount an partition . but there is iirc no mount command either . dev_mount should work ( root required ) . to answer your questions title : all startup system mounting is done with the/etc/vold.fstab helper script .
yes , it can , but only on android 4.3 and lower . this is used for example in whatsapp . when you activate the app , whatsapp sends an sms to the number you reported , and the app intercepts it quietly and reports to the servers that it has received the sms . this is how the account is tied to your number . of course , this can be used in harmful apps also . if an app registers as an sms receiver with the highest priority , the app can listen for incoming smss , process them and either dismiss them without the user ever noticing , or forward to the next sms listener with the second-highest priority . this has been redone in android 4.4 , and if i understood correctly , only the default sms app has access to all incoming sms ( SMS_DELIVER_ACTION ) , and the other apps with correct permissions will only receive a notification of the incoming message ( SMS_RECEIVED_ACTION ) . in addition , the SMS_RECEIVED intent is non-abortable , it can not be stopped . i assume that in android 4.4 , this is done to allow the user to see all incoming sms messages in the default app . edit : found some more useful info on the android developers blog . i would test this further , but my only android phone is currently wifi-only , so no sms :/
the s2 supports mhl through usb , so technically , yes . you will not be able to get a full display , just through supported apps .
the answer depends on what you want to do . adb and ssh serve different purposes , though they have some things in common : you can remotely access your android device , and execute commands on it . with adb you can do a lot more -- you will get an idea if you read the adb tag wiki and also follow the links contained there . one more thing in common : both can be used interactively . and one more shorty : they do not depend on each other . ssh to use ssh , you will need to install a ssh server on your android device . if the latter is rooted ( as a linux user , i do not need to explain that " root " is the administrative account , and also known as the " super-user " who has full access to everything ) , you can set it up to use the default ssh port -- otherwise you need to chose one above 1000 , as it is with linux . now you can interact with the device : copy files with scp , or log in to the device directly . this way you reach a shell , and can work on the device like on any other linux machine ( almost -- of course there are some restrictions , like e.g. no x-server being present , and a limited set of commands ) . adb with adb you can also establish such a " terminal mode " , by simply executing the command adb shell without any arguments . this directly brings you to the shell prompt . similar to ssh , you can also directly execute commands by simply pass them as parameters . in this case , as with ssh , you will be returned to your local terminal prompt once the command has been completed . adb offers additional commands , not only " shell " . so you can e.g. use adb push or adb pull to transfer files ( comparable to scp ) . all the other capabilities go beyond the scope of your question -- but above mentioned tag wiki should get you started here as well . one last word on adb : similar to ssh , this is a client-server model . which means , to execute adb commands from a client , you must have a server running . this is started when you enable " usb debugging " in the settings of your android device .
i had to release the buttons just after samsung logo and not after seeing cwm screen
Settings &gt; Apps &gt; Downloaded &gt; { app } &gt; Uninstall or open the app drawer , find your app , long-press the icon and drag to the " uninstall " icon .
the facebook app does not have an option for it , so basically : you can not . facebook also provides no way to easily export contact information , so you had have to do it manually ( or with some crazy script/app that scrapes the info from the website ) .
try : Settings → Applications → Manage Applications → select Browser ( "All apps" tab ) → Clear Data . this would delete all the data belonging to the app . quite like a factory reset , but just for that app . be careful while using this . make sure you select the correct application ( its called ' Browser' some phones and ' Internet' on some ) in the All apps list . you can accidentally delete your contacts and other important stuff if you are not careful
not from within android , no . only root can mount or remount filesystems , including /system . there is another way , which is to go outside of android completely by making the change you want from the recovery . since the recovery does not use android 's permissions system , it can let you mount whatever filesystems you like , however you like . but if you are going to install a custom recovery to let you do this , you might as well root the phone anyway .
if you install different countries rom , you will get some different app that follows in that country region .
yes , that is an accurate observation . i do not have a motorola phone myself , but from what i understand blur is embedded pretty tightly into the rom . trying to remove it would be painful at best , and probably just cause your phone to start crashing . i would recommend flashing a custom rom that either never had blur ( e . g . something built largely from the aosp like cyanogenmod ) or a heavily customized version of your rom that has had blur thoroughly rooted out and replaced with stock apps .
yup - adw launcher has an option to lock desktop which does not allow any changes to be made to the shortcuts or widgets .
4 months later support finally shared me the latest rom that solved all the above issues .
even if it would be doable , consider a few things making it extremely unlikely : in that early stage , the touchscreen is not yet initialized – so how would you input your pin/password/pattern to unlock the bootloader before firing up the custom recovery ? another risk introduced this way : if you break your display , you are effectively knocked-out : even if the problem described above could be worked around , that work-around would be rendered useless at this place . true , there are things like touch-based custom recoveries . so technically , that would be the place to make it possible : once the recovery is initialized , it could ask for a code to unlock before offering its real services . this might even include a " fallback mode " for a broken screen using e.g. shake-patterns ( accelerometer-based ) or nfc ( if applyable ) . but that is nothing we can solve here at this site : you will have to contact the resp . developers for this ( twrp and/or clockworkmod , to name two examples ) .
well , the os is in the rom , to start with . you are suffering from a terminology problem : " rom"s these days are all typically flash memory , which is erasable and rewritable , but not byte-by-byte . so the os may even live in the same physical ics as the ' main ' phone memory . basically , custom roms can enhance/modify/break every aspect of your phone 's operation . there is a separate ' radio rom ' which includes the low-level drivers for the wifi/gps/3g/gsm/bluetooth functions , and these typically are not ' customised ' but you may still find newer versions available that can improve certain aspects of your phone .
although there is not a general solution for remotely launching apps , here is a solution that applies to your situation : first , install androidlost from the online google play store . this is the app you can use to control/wipe/access info about your lost device , yadayada give it a little time to install to your device , then install androidlost jumpstart from the online google play store as well this app will wake up the registration process on the androidlost app when ever a phone call is made , an sms received , battery is low , a package is added , removed or changed . so you have to install an arbitrary app from the play store as well to activate the service , but you can then go to androidlost . com to access functions to control your lost device ! including ringing an alarm ; )
more details would definately be nice . i can think of a few very nice options that would work over wifi . airdroid2 would let you upload and download files over your browser pretty handily , though a web interface . it does a load of other things too ( like act as a filemanager , and let you do things on your phone like send texts from a webui ) another alternative would be pushbullet - it lets you send and recieve files up to 25 mb . like airdroid , it uses a webui on the pc side ( or extentions , which are well worth getting imo ) , and an app on the phone you could also use a sync tool like dropbox or ( my current favourite ) bitorrent sync to expose a folder and download files from there .
unfortunately rooting your phone will not change a thing , as the problem is on the windows side . if windows does not have a way to communicate with the phone ( ie , a driver ) , then it does not matter if the phone has a different rom on it - the hardware is still the same . however , if you package your apps as apks you can upload them to the sd card and then click on them to install that way . in eclipse : right click on the project > android tools > export signed application package . follow the prompts and you are flying .
obviously the su binary you installed does not work well with your system . as you luckily created a backup of the original su executable , recommendation is to revert the incompatible changes first : adb shell $ oldsu # mount -o remount,rw /system # rm /system/xbin/su /system/bin/su # cp /system/xbin/oldsu /system/xbin/su # exit $ exit adb reboot  explanation : start adb shell and become root ( using the working oldsu executable ) . delete /system/xbin/su ( which is only a symlink now ) and the incompatible /system/bin/su , then copy the working su back to where it belongs . then exit the root shell and finally adb shell . the reboot is optional , and should not be needed . also optionally you could remove busybox ( or keep it if it works ) . before exiting adb shell you might wish to test whether su works again , just to be sure ( which is why i wrote cp for this : if anything goes wrong , you still have your oldsu available ) . with those steps , you should at least have everything in working order again , and this issue is solved . updating to a newer android version is a separate issue : please check the update tag , as corresponding questions already exist . same for the rom you might need ( check the rom tag for that , and in also check the tag-wikis for update and rom ) .
i just received an email from the developer , don choi . citing it here in its entirety as an answer : the continuous scroll feature is in our big to-do list . it will eventually implemented later . we do not have a open forum . however , http://www.facebook.com/ezpdf is a good start . so more nifty things are on their way for this application .
have a look at this discussion . is your problem same as the one discussed here ? if so , google is working on a fix .
i solved the problem myself . i had a game installed on sd card named , hambo , i shifted it to phone and all apps , came back to their place , what else change i did earlier was to remove updates of android market app . so google play was removed and then i did the only change of moving one app . from sd card to phone and my problem was solved . i do not know actual reason of problem but based on what i read some where i think it was may be waiting for some update or change in some installation after the uninstallation of play update . so when i shifted an app to phone , all old things restored at their place .
ok , i will answer my own question on this one because i just came across mortplayer . it does exactly what i want : it will load m3u files or just play all files in a directory .
according to this post , com.sonyericsson.usbux is enhancedusbux.apk app , which handles usb support . com.sonyericsson.capabilities belongs to DefaultCapabilities.apk app , but i have not been able to find anything about its functionality , other than a cryptic " hardware capabilities " description .
see this : http://www.appbrain.com/app/lifetracking/com.lifetracking lifetracking application allows you to track any value that is important to you like your weight , blood pressure , or number of pushups you do a day , as well as any time-consuming activities like sleeping , working , watching tv , etc . you can also graph the data to see it visually and use the application to analyze it . the goal of the application is to help you know yourself and your schedule better . hopefully , when you graph things side-by-side you will understand yourself and your life bette
yes , your phone must be rooted because to access that file the /system needs to be mounted as write-able once you obtain root you can run this command inside a shell : su chmod 777 /sys/class/leds/button-backlight/max_brightness then just navigate to that file and edit it using a file browser . what the chmod 777 command does is change the permissions on that file so that you can edit it . after you finish i would suggest changing the permissions back to what they were . the original permissions were probably 0666 . so it would be like this : chmod 0666 /sys/class/leds/button-backlight/max_brightness to encompass t0mm13b 's remark below , go here for information on how to make the file write-able at boot , instead of having a script be run at each boot that makes it write-able .
i am looking for documentation to back this up , but in my experimentation the " default " phone number for a contact is what is used with voice commands if you do not define a phone " type " . so , if i have three phone numbers for john smith , if i just use the command Call John Smith the default phone number will be used . otherwise , i need to use Call John Smith home or Call John Smith mobile . it is also used if , when looking at a list of contacts , you tap the phone icon next to the contact 's name . it will use the default phone number ( if defined ) .
most probably , street view imagery is not available for your location ( yet ) . cross check the web version with any pc for the same location that does not work on your phone check a well-supported street view location such as google hq on your phone
since the nature of your question is simply " is this possible " , the answer is yes , there are ways to spoof your esn . often this is a form of phone cloning , which is also simply referred to as esn cloning . the concept is that you take one phone and then configure it to broadcast using the esn of a different phone , effectively " cloning " the second as far as the network is concerned . however , it is important to note that in most western countries ( and possibly elsewhere ) doing this is illegal . in the us it is considered " cell phone fraud " or " subscriber fraud " and is covered on the fcc 's website in some detail . i believe it is similar across much of europe .
a known issue with running 2 avs is that they will consider each other as a potential virus . this has to do with the behaviour of these programs . they scan directories , perform root-operations ( if you have installed the av on a rooted device ) , and so on . this is true on any system , not only mobile devices . you can in most cases run an av together with an anti-malware product . i do say in most cases . as mentioned by karan , there is no real need for av software as long as you only run google play / appstore apps and you do not download any rubbish from sites you visit . do keep in mind that there are some dangerous apps on google play . i am an android user myself , definitly no ifanboy , and i must admit not all play apps are safe . so always check the permissions and intentions of an app before installing it . i myself have avast ! mobile security on my tablet . this is because i run some off-the-market apps . ms also allows me to protect some apps with a pincode , such as my email apps . i do not think running an av is a waste of resources , but if you handle your device with care , there is no real need for one .
until google does something about issue 1008 , ( which seems unlikely since it is about five years old now ) you are unlikely to get a better answer , but for what it is worth , this might help someone in a similar situation . at the moment you can not alter the mtu without root access to the device . in linux this operation requires root , so on android you either need to root the device , or google needs to provide system functionality that applications can use to perform the operation ( i.e. . resolve issue 1008 ) . there is an off-market program mtuchanger which can be used on rooted devices to change the mtu . if you can root your device you can sideload this and work around the issue . of course , you should complain bitterly about charter ( and rogers and the dozen or so other isps ) deploying 6rd in 2013 , when the rest of the world is moving past transition technologies and is doing native dual stack . 6rd is essentially isp-private 6to4 tunnelling , which is why the mtu has to be lowered from 1500 . as such , any company that deploys it is eventually going to have to do it again , and do it right .
as per oxford : top grossing means earning more money than other similar things or people . but as per google app store it may refer to : top-grossing = sum of all revenue generated from the purchase of the app + sum of all in-app purchases it also means that app listed in top grossing lists holds people 's attention for the most time . so even if an app is free but still if it is getting downloaded the most then it will feature in this list . also many of the free versions apps like angry birds , cut the rope etc . provide in app purchase ability i.e. you do not need to bye a paid version but to access more features you have to pay some amounts which ultimately boost 's apps revenue and ranks app higher in list .
i have had similar issues with google goggles , the android api demo app , and one or two other apps . i strongly believe this is just a bug in the battery statistics , as it has never impacted my battery life in a meaningful way . usually the way i make this go away is by rebooting the phone , although that is not ideal .
there is a repligo reader for android available . . . if you want some alternatives you should take a look at repligo reader alternatives for android
the . nomedia file is for the reason you stated . you can safely remove the file and other apps will be able to pick up the medias in that folder . in any case , if there is any problem you can easily create that file again . it can be a empty file with the name . nomedia . you can use programs like es file explorer to explore to that directory and create the file . edit : as per the comments below which contains very useful information : your music apps may recreate the . nomedia file when you launch it . other players will only be able to play the music if only the musics are drm free .
your problem touches a feature of android that sets it apart from other mobile oses and is a very powerful one ( see below ) : that is all about intents , activities and the back stack that contains your path of visited activities in order for each app . basically an activity is a single gui fullscreen window you see , for example the main activity when you launch an app . if you navigate away from that , lets say to the settings view , the now inactive main view is put on the back stack and so forth . however : this whole behaviour has many switches that are solely customizable by the app developers . see this link for the basic information on those things : http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/fundamentals/tasks-and-back-stack.html regarding your specific problem : it might be a difference if the browser was ( 1 ) already open , ( 2 ) had an active twitter tab running ( that got reactivated ) and so forth . try some of these combinations ( use ' force stop ' in the app settings to end browser instances and have an/no open twitter tab in the browser active beforehand ) , and you will find : if you have opened the max of four windows in your browser , then opening an url from the twitter app will " re-use " one of them . if you hit back in that browser window it will first go all the way back up the history , one history item at a time . once the history is empty , hitting the back button once more will send you back to the twitter app . if you had not opened the max of four windows in your browser , then opening an url from the twitter app will create a new browser window . if you hit back in that browser window the history for that window will already be empty , and you will directly go back to the twitter app . some more information : the unique system are android 's intents . new views are launched by an intent that , for example says ' open this file in a file view ' or ' select a picture in a gallery viewer ' or ' authenticate a my app with facebook ' and so forth . without saying which other app should handle it . you see this when you get a choice menu asking you to select a specific browser ( native/chrome/dolphin/opera ) or one of many file explorers you might have installed . this one of the very powerful android features . apple 's ios is very different to that , apps can not interact with others so closely and facebook integration had to be done in ios6 the hard way for that reason ( directly integrated into ios ) .
as i was writing that question i stumbled upon the answer in a really convoluted menu pathway . i was unable to find it in my prior research on the internet so i will post it up in case anyone is looking in future . open the settings app . go to language and keyboard . touch the settings button next to touch input under keyboard and input methods touch personal dictionary touch edit personal dictionary press the menu button then touch delete then select incorrect entries to remove .
this app could do the trick : bluetooth music player free you need to install it on both android devices and pair them . then put the tablet in ListenMUSIC over Blueetooth mode and the the phone in shareMUSIC over Bluetooth mode .
you might wish to check with are there any solutions other than flashing gapps , to have google accounts on cyanogenmod ? – where i named an alternative : on xda , you can find the nogapps project , which basically is an opensource replacement of most google apps ( including playstore ) , often mapping to free alternatives ( e . g . openstreetmap for maps ) . the " elements " come as separate packages to install , so you can pick the ones you want – and simply skip the others . status is different for each of the services : some are actively developed , some are " not yet usable " , some seem even to be " abandoned " ( like the playstore replacement blankstore , which is discontinued since 2012 – but luckily seems to have a successor named blank store ) . i have not ( yet ) used it , so i cannot tell which parts are essential or how well those replacements work . but head over and check out for yourself . marvin seems to still actively be on it ( last update of the " lead post " was just a few days ago ) . as for " zero bloatware " and " android without google " , you might also wish to check my answer here ; )
on the nexus 7 there is not a separate menu option for " reboot into safe mode " . you have to long press on " power off " and then the safe mode dialog appears . i would try that , since i imagine it would work the same way if the gnex supports it .
google play was formerly android market . your phone would originally have had android market ( i am assuming its an old one , probably gingerbread ) . when you did a factory reset all the updates were reverted back included on android market ( aka google play ) . android market automatically updates itself so give it some time and it should update itself to google play .
unrevoked 3 will root the htc desire without replacing the rom , however it does reflash the recovery rom : http://unrevoked.com/#desire
here 's a great article someone wrote on the effect of changing it , very detailed : http://ryanolson.wordpress.com/2010/07/13/test-how-changing-the-max-amount-of-memory-per-vm-heap-can-effect-your-rom-cyanogen/ in short , with the g1 , it can cause bigger applications to crash . i would just recommend you keep it default or find a value that you do not see any crashes in applications with . as far as anything else goes , in the short period of time searching else where and reading over different posts . could not personally find any other effects , other than possibly battery life .
advanced task killer can be configured so that it always stays on the notification bar . and it can also be configured such that the " default click action " will " switch to " the application . i found it works good enough as a task switcher .
the problem is , that my android device automatically turns off the 3g connection as soon as wifi is available . why do not you shut off wi-fi ? since you can not control port forwarding or anything at work , there is not much else you can do . although , you could just ask and see whether they had consider opening the google talk ports ( 443/5222/5223 ) .
unfortunately this is not something that can not be turned on or off . it is possible that it is a vendor specific thing , you do not say what device you have or if you are rooted or not , so i assume this is the case . i am running a sgs3 with a custom rom on it ( aokp ) and i have just restarted the device and can confirm there was no vibration during the start or stop procedure . however my nexus one with a stock rom did vibrate . a possible fix is to root the device and stick a custom rom on there , but that is quite an extreme fix for the issue .
often fastboot drivers are different from the ones used by recovery mode and/or fully-booted android system . i would recommend re-installing the usb drivers on your pc . you may need to delete existing drivers that windows picked up . full instructions with driver download for nexus 4 here : quote : plug your phone into your computer . go to device manager on your computer and locate your device . it will either be under " android devices " or " other devices " depending whether drivers have been installed or not . right click on your phone and select " uninstall . " in the box that appears , check the option to " delete the driver software for this device . " go back to device manager and refresh . locate your phone and right click to select " update driver software . " manually install the drivers by picking the folder of the files you downloaded . unplug your phone and restart your computer . plug it back in and everything should work . download link : http://www.mediafire.com/?8xb50uktar8096i
disclaimer this needs root . no way around that one . your device must be running android 4.1+ this workaround may be too advanced for some users . only try to apply it when you know what you are doing . i am not to be held responsible if something goes awry or ragnarök starts during the process . you are doing this on your own risk . proceed with caution . i am not the author of or otherwise affiliated with any of the mods mentioned . i merely found this and i am sharing it for your benefit . workaround i found a workaround for the problem that is working beautifully on a samsung galaxy s2 with cyanogenmod 10.2 and dorimanx kernel 9.41 installed . the necessary steps are as follows : make sure your device is rooted . download and install xposed framework installer . when xposed asks for root anywhere in the near future , grant it . open the app and click on Framework -tab . click Install/Update . reboot . download and install jelly bean 4 . x airplane mode helper . open Xposed Framework Installer-app again and select Modules . tick ( set active ) Jelly Bean 4.x Airplane Mode Helper . reboot . open Jelly Bean 4.x Airplane Mode Helper . tick ( set active ) enabled . reboot . that is it ! airplane mode should work again as in previous android versions and does not ask for sim-pin any longer when being turned off . it still does at startup , though , thus keeping your sim-card somewhat safe . i set up an automated battery saving procedure with llama location profiles similar to the one described here ( thx a bunch , izzy ) and it is working flawlessly . good luck , folks !
did you check with the official changelog site ? or the xda thread on 9.1 ? the latter mentions http://cm-kang.appspot.com/anzu/ics for the changelog . and then there is this page where you even can filter changes by devices ( probably the best source to check ) . if you need more details : all that from page 1 of a simple google search for cyanogenmod changelog "9.1" ( &lt ; - hint ! ; ) ) to the first ( and explicit ) question : if there were any new features ? that probably very much depends on your device . so using the last changelog source i mentioned , filtering by the device you want to know this about , you will be able to answer your question . as i do not know your device , i can not ; )
finally solved it . . i have found this ansewer by yy502 on cyanogenmod
since the sd cards are slower than internal nand memory , by running a rom off the sd you will be sacrificing on the speed . things like booting up and launching apps will be noticeably slower . the class rating of your sd card will play a large role in how much slower your nc will feel when running in such configuration . it is generally recommended to buy at least a class 6 card for this purpose . by running custom roms from the sd card you will be able to easily keep the original manufacturer installed firmware intact . in nook color the sd card is set as a primary boot device , so if it contains a bootable rom image , it will be used instead of whatever is installed on emmc . by just inserting such a card into the microsd slot and turning the nc on , you will be running a custom rom . boot up without this card - and you are back on the emmc rom , be it stock or a different custom one . this can be quite beneficial for quickly testing out new experimental roms ( e . g . honeycomb builds ) without blowing away your main one . although it is possible to multi-boot off emmc without utilizing the sd card at all , it is a lot more complicated to set up and maintain . this involves re-partitioning the internal memory , using a custom boot image , and modifying the start-up scripts for each rom you had like to have installed side-by-side . needless to say , this type of installation is not for a novice .
as far as i know , doing a factory restore on the device should eliminate anything left over the device . usually the process goes : revert back to your earliest nandroid backup ( that you should have taken right after you rooted ) . if you do not have it , then flash a stock rom . run the unroot reversal process ( in this case you ran an official update ) remove any left over root applications ( superuser app , etc . ) . if necessary , wipe the device by restoring to factory settings . if i am missing anything , leave a comment and i will update this .
groups are not available in the facebook app . you will have to go to the website via m . facebook . com or touch . facebook . com
where to find it when it was downloaded if you have been able to " download " the file , the most likely location to find it is either /sdcard/download or /sdcard/downloads . it was not downloaded , but " saved for offline reading " but as it turns out , the stock browser did not give you that option , and you had to " save for offline reading " -- which is something different . in this case the file probably is stored on internal storage ( below /data/data/com.android.browser ) . without root you have got not many chances to access it there . so you could either try with a different browser -- or simply copy-paste the text file into some note-taking app / editor ( e . g . jota text editor or amblelink notepad basic ed . ) . alternative download options if you have to do this more often , or formatting gets lost on copy-paste , you are probably much better of with some " downloader tools " . i just know about tasker , which offers HTTP_GET actions . depending on your rom , the shell might provide wget ( stock rom on my milestone 2 had this ) , so all you need in that case is a terminal app ( e . g . android terminal emulator ) , and there simply execute # change to the directory where you want to store the downloaded file in cd /sdcard/download # get the file wget http://www.example.com/textfile.txt  adjust that to your needs , of course : ) special downloader apps other alternatives would include special " downloader apps " , like e.g. download all files or easy downloader , which you might want to give a try .
izzy 's comments lead me to correct path , so i have managed to root the device . if somebody else having the same problem ( auto-root programs do not work but you can access device using adb root ) , here is complete how-to to root your phone manually : install Superuser from clockworkmod on google play directly to your phone prepare adb as root and make /system writeable : adb kill-server , adb root , adb remount ( you might need to kill adb.exe in task manager if it hangs ) pull the just downloaded apk to your computer : adb pull /data/app/com.koushikdutta.superuser-1.apk ( note : it may have different name in the future ) on your pc : open the apk using zip ( for example rename extension to .zip or use winrar ) copy from zip system\bin\su to your working directory push it to your phone : adb push su /system/xbin/su be sure that owner is root : adb shell chown root:root /system/xbin/su set suid and sgid bits on the binary : adb shell chmod 06755 /system/xbin/su reboot phone : adb reboot try su from adb : adb shell , su ; prompt should change from $ to # try su from phone : install terminal and use command su or use Root Checker Basic from the store if su from adb works but does not work from phone , repeat whole process from 1 but download different Superuser application from market ( for example chainsdd 's version did not work for me )
answer is in their faq : the free version is advertisement supported while the premium version is not . both the free and premium versions have the same set of features at this point except the premium version will get faster updates .
flashing the stock image may have erased your backup . however , since the g2 supports an external sd card , i do not think it would have . from the sd card 's root , it should be at ./TWRP/BACKUPS/ . restoring a backup from here using twrp will re-root your device ( if your device was rooted when you made the backup ) . you can also use apps like titanium backup to selectively restore parts of it . . . but titanium backup requires root . you may , however , be able to selectively pull files from the backups - a full backup of your phone 's filesystems .
i installed next 2 ota updates and got my trace keyboard back . the first one was a small 10mb os update which was still android 4.1.1 but software number as 2.22.720.7 . this required booting after upgrade . the next was a htc sense update which required no booting and got me my trace keyboard back . the stupid power saver notification which came with the jelly bean update is still not gone but trace keyboard back is good enough . never going to update the os again on this phone ! ! !
lookout mobile has blogged about this due to the diginotar events , and provided some pretty good ( read : lengthy ) instructions which you can find here . the gist of it is that you need to pull /system/etc/security/cacerts.bks and then remove the cas from the store , then push the store back to the device and reboot . their instructions require that you have bouncy castle ( for decrypting the store ) , root access , and a working adb connection . i am not sure if this applies to all versions of android or not , but my guess would be that the location of the ca store has not changed in quite some time ( if ever ) .
i noticed an application on the android store called " mysms " that seems to sync between phone , tablet , and pc/mac . maybe this is the solution to your problem . downloadable from : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mysms.android.smshl=en the same company also has a premium service for 2 phone syncing - which has the same features as above but specifically for sycning 2 phones together . since the other app does not require a premium ( paid ) service , its worth trying to see if that does the job for free . if not , then it might be worth trying out their second app . this is the premium version for 2 phones : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mysms.android.mirrorhl=en hope this helps .
the android emulator does not currently support this , unfortunately . there is a configuration file in the build system that determines whether or not to enable the user accounts feature , and it is disabled in the emulator images distributed by google . you can star this issue on the bug tracker in the meantime . however there are two alternatives you can look at : you can alter the configuration file and build a new emulator image from the aosp source and use that in place of the system image that the avd uses by default . the file in question is in /frameworks/base/core/res/res/values/config.xml within the android source . there should be an option named config_multiuserMaximumUsers which needs to be set to a value greater than 1 . you can try the jar of beans emulator package . it has experimental support for multiple user accounts . note , however , that this is an x86 emulator , not an arm one .
1 . using command line : here 's how you can copy files to an sd card image . you have to use adb push to copy files from desktop to emulator and adb pull for the reverse . here 's the syntax to copy files to or from an emulator/device instance : copy from desktop to emulator : adb push &lt;local&gt; &lt;remote&gt;  copy from emulator to desktop : adb pull &lt;remote&gt; &lt;local&gt;  here &lt;local&gt; is path of file / folder on your desktop and &lt;remote&gt; is path of file / folder on your emulator . here is an example : adb push foo.txt /sdcard/foo.txt  foo . txt will be pushed ( copied ) to the emulator . 2 . using ddms ui : here 's how to work with emulator 's file system using ddms . in the devices tab , select the emulator that you want to view the file system for . to copy a file from the device , locate the file in the file explorer and click the pull file button . to copy a file to the device , click the push file button on the file explorer tab . i personally prefer the adb pull and adb push commands as you can copy multiple files ( in a single directory ) with just one line command , using ddms you can copy only one file at a time ( no directory ) .
if all you want to do is transfer your sms messages to another device or back them up , use an app like sms backup and restore - that allows you to import / export / back up your sms messages for posterity . it also allows a user to selectively pick and choose which conversations you want to backup or restore .
yes . the app that starts the intent ( i.e. . the app with the " take photo " button ) is responsible for choosing a file name and creating the file . it then puts that file 's uri ( its path ) in the intent . the camera app then opens that file , writes the photo to it , and gives a result back to the first app . the upshot of this is that it is up to the calling app ( the one with the " take photo " button ) to give you a way to set the file name , if they want to do that . the file name will take effect whatever camera app you use . the intent protocol does not provide a way for the calling app to ask for more than one photo , so there is no way for an app to offer this feature without launching the camera app several times in succession . if you are interested in the details , the official android developer documentation describes it , with code examples .
i have a galaxy s4 with 4.4.2 . i realize that touchwiz is a bit different between the two devices but maybe this will help . i can not tell you for sure what contributes to the ranking on the list but it seems to me that it is based on number of calls primarily . there is no one in my favorites list that i have not made a call to and i have many contacts not on the favorites list that i only sms , email , etc , with . as far as removing a contact , i can hit the menu button and have an option " remove from favorites " which brings up a checkbox list allowing me to delete .
quick marketplace search for wifi notify resulted in the following : wifinotify
there is unfortunately no way to directly edit the dictionary . you can delete any user-added word by highlighting it and hitting the swype key .
a hard reset restores the original factory settings and erases content , including downloaded ringtones , images , programs , and contacts stored in the internal memory . this feature allows for resetting of sound profiles , display settings , and phone or memory card settings . to perform a hard reset using the hardware keys , follow these steps : turn off the device . press and hold both volume up and volume down keys at the same time . press the power key only until the phone vibrates once , then release only the power key . continue to hold the volume up and volume down keys until the android system recovery screen appears . press the volume down key to highlight wipe factory data . press the home key to select . press the volume down key to highlight yes - delete all user data . press the home key to select . press the home key to reboot . but as you said , your screen is broken . check the screenshots and see how many times you want to use down and up volume key , so that the according to number position you can do it .
even though i still do not know what was wrong , i did manage to fix it . a reinstall solved the problem , but only if i also deleted the ' tasker ' folder on the sd . note : you can export your configuration , and everything will work without any extra work after the reinstall . ( menu-> data-> backup/restore ) note 2: when using the state stuff , there is no need for an ' active normal mode ' task . it'll revert everything back again .
backup the " settings storage " app from titaniumbackup . that will help you store your android id . if you want to restore it , unfortunately , you will have to use titaniumbackup pro since it is the only app which lets you restore your android id . taken from xda : settings storage - be careful when you restore this . for eg : its not a good idea to restore cm9 settings to an aokp rom or vice versa . this is best used when you know exactly what you are doing . also , a lot of differences between roms will probably be the fact that it provides some new customization options in the settings . so restoring this doesnt make sense unless you know for sure that they are the same . handle with care .
current app 's usage : if you mean storage , there is a handy program on market called disk usage . it will display the current size of all installed applications , as well as how much space each 's data takes up . i have a feeling you may mean ram usage , which is a different animal indeed . to get the amount of ram a program is currently using , see the apps section of the settings . the running tab shows the relevant details . new update 's or non-installed app usage : most of these details cannot really be determined before installing an app or an update , unless the developer is kind enough to include these details in the applications 's description or the what is new section . the closest you can get is the actual size of the application , which does show up in the application description . i guess you could use a combination of what you can learn from disk usage on the current version 's size and correlate that to what shows up in google play for the current version . details like ram usage are difficult to determine as they depend on a lot of factors : which resources are loaded on your particular device configuration ( e . g . high or low res images and icons ) . how you use the app ( e . g . if you have a browser and load 100 tabs , the program will use more ram ) . the quality of the app . the program may inadvertently waste memory due to a bug only you experience . it would be difficult to predict things like this . as for app storage , this really depends on whether the app developer chooses to change the way it stores data . hopefully this answers your question .
on the My Talks tab , tap/press options button ( you can tap the overflow menu in the top right corner if you are on tablet ) . there is a Remove Items in menu . that should do the trick . it puts an x on all the videos and i am assuming a tap on that will delete them . i have not done this , because i have not gotten around to watching them yet .
one solution to this problem : use a tasking program such as locale or tasker and create certain conditions that will enable your wifi ( essentially writing a script as you described ) . for example : use gps and determine if i am at my home ( i believe you can use real gps , which will consume quite a bit of power , or base it off of which cell tower you are connected to , which you would already know anyways if not in airplane mode ) . or you could even setup certain times of the day you know you will be at home , or work , or wherever you regularly have wifi .
jumping between roms in the same development series is usually safe without backing up or wiping the data partition ( although the cache and dalvik cache should always be wiped ) , unless the installation instructions specifically tell you to wipe the data partition ( which seems unlikely in this case ; if such a drastic change were needed , it should not be a release candidate any more ) . i would nevertheless back everything up just in case , both application backup like titanium backup and nandroid backup from the recovery partition , but then i am paranoid like that . jumping to a different series ( say , cm6 to cm7 , or cm to aosp ) you should always back up everything and wipe everything .
this is something of an oversimplification , but the simple answer is : you can not . what makes this an oversimplification ? well , it is because it depends on how a given app is implemented . android applications are based around the concept of an activity , which is described in the development documentation as : an activity is a single , focused thing that the user can do . when a new activity is launched it is placed onto a system-wide " activity stack " at the top of the stack ( for anyone unfamiliar , see stack ( data structure ) ) . when the back button is pressed , the current activity ( at the top of the stack ) is finished and removed from the stack , causing the previous one ( beneath it on the stack ) to be brought to the foreground . this pop/bring-to-foreground behavior continues as you keep pressing the back button until you land at home , which is the start of the stack . from here , you cannot go " back " any further . now , how does this apply to apps ? in many applications , an activity represents one , individual screen . when you advance to a new screen , then , a new activity is actually created for the screen and pushed onto the stack on top of the one that created it . in apps that use this design , hitting back will , in fact , bring you to the previous screen . the reason should be fairly self-evident : the screen you are currently viewing is on the top of the stack , the previous screen sits below it ( since they are each activities themselves ) . thus , hitting back removes the current screen from the stack , finishes it , and then loads the previous one . this is not a required model , however . you can have an activity that contains multiple layouts and screens . we have used this in my office to , for example , create a configuration wizard of sorts . the idea is that hitting back should simply exit the wizard , and there are " back " and " next " buttons on the screen itself to provide navigation . thus , even if you are on the third screen of the wizard , you have not created any additional activities , so hitting the back button ( hard button ) will take you out of the " wizard activity " and back to the " menu activity " . further , the behavior of the back button can be overridden by an application of they so choose . it simply calls a method named onBackPressed() , which performs the default behavior of going backwards on the activity stack . however , if there is an overridden implementation of onBackPressed() in the current activity , that will be executed instead . so to sum up : the idea that the back button goes back to the previous " screen " is not guaranteed at all . the hard back button deals with activities only , which are often " screens " to the user , but are not necessarily , and are in no way required to be . there is no concept of " go back one screen " unless the app you are using says there is , but that functionality is still not guaranteed to be provided by the back button itself . further reading : activity and task design activity documentation
i have not been able to find out how to do that either . however , i have found you can share places by clicking on them and then selecting " share this place . "
yes , rooting is usually ( but not always ) required . the following are some options : android screencast : probably one of the more easier and popular sol'n google code project " android vnc " . have to search for it , i can only post 1 link at a time right now . . . droid explorer : app from marketplace android vnc server : a guide that uses a different apk from either sol'n above try them out and see which one gives you the best options .
alright , on the forum thread of that specific cusom rom ( linked in question ) , someone said that he re-formatted through windows with fat32 as type . so i tried this as well . while the device was on , i plugged in the usb cable , and put it into lock . then , as usual , the drives showed up in windows ( sd and internal that is ) , and it forced me to format the internal drive in order to acess it . pressed ok , then formatted with fat32 . after format , i did not even pull the device off the lock , i just quickly pressed the reset button on the back . then flashed it , and turned it on . it works perfectly ! now i have android 2.1 instead of that less-worthy 1.5 build ! thank you to everyone who proceded help : )
you can not . those quality settings only apply to the desktop version . mobile apps use a different set of videos , which are already optimized for mobile devices , and have two different quality settings , regular and hd .
install kies in your pc . it will automatically install corresponding usb drivers . edit : samsung kies is a freeware software application used to communicate between windows or mac operating systems , and more recently manufactured samsung mobile phone and tablet computer devices , usually using a usb cable connection ( though wireless lan kies connectivity is now possible using some devices ) . this software may be used for : data backup data transfer ( between a windows or mac pc , and a samsung mobile device ) , limited to certain media file formats . multimedia ( audio , photos , video , etc . ) management , but limited to certain file formats . purchase/acquisition of additional or special device features . device firmware and operating system ( os version ) upgrades . to work all these , usb driver should be installed . so when you install this software it will automatically detect your device and install usb drivers .
unfortunately the adbd ( adb daemon ) is not enabled on any current google tv hardware , so adb connectivity is not possible via usb , ethernet , or any other means . however , a few crafty tinkerers from gtvhacker site managed to hack the logitech revue unit to enable this functionality . keep in mind that this is a hardware hack and includes physically opening up the revue box and soldering connections on the motherboard . you can read more on this mod here . needless to say , this hack is not for everyone , and carries even more risk of bricking the stb as a plain software hack .
64-bit wep key in ascii mode is 5 characters , and since you have said your wep key is 0e39c004e1 , you have to enter it in hex mode . i am not sure if your phone can handle hex input , so if i were you , i would try to ( temporarily ) assign some other wep password , which can be entered in ascii mode ( 5 random characters , letters or numbers ) , and see if that works from your phone . since you have mentioned that both your phones , xperia x10 and xperia s have the same problem with this router , it might be a good idea to invest about $30 in small wifi router , which can connect to your home network and serve internet to your phones and other wireless devices . i use tl-mr3020 and it works perfectly in many situations .
the guide is only to install google play and other related and necessary google apps . the installation is such due to licensing issues which prevent cyanogenmode from packaging it in the rom directly . once you go through the install of google apps , you can use google play same way as on any other android device . regarding versions , every cyanogenmod version is based on particular version of android , e.g. : cyanogenmod 11 is based on android 4.4 kitkat cyanogenmod 10.2 is based on android 4.3 jelly bean cyanogenmod 10.1 is based on android 4.2 jelly bean . etc . the play store will treat cyanogenmod versions as android of appropriate version , so you will have no problems regarding that .
my phone was a yakju and i do not know why those ones are updated like 2 months after the takju . i had to flash it manually to turn it into a takju and after reboot the update was directly available .
these apps will not work with custom rom 's , as they are designed to be run with the samsung software , and require libraries etc from the samsung software .
from the sources , it looks like it is printing out the contents of the SignalStrength object : this object is described in detail on the android developers reference here . the string representation of the signalstrength class is defined here ( search for " tostring " function ) : this basically tells you the columns in the dumpsys output .
in fact , one is available from motorola here , posted by reddit user troub ( source ) . it is a .dae file but can be converted using autodesk fbx converter ( see www.cadstudio.cz/download or www.autodesk.com/fbx ) . alternatively , it is posted here on thingiverse as a .stl file .
as i mentioned in my comment , upon further research i found that " follow me " feature or " navigation without destination set " was removed from the latest release of android map app . following someone else 's advice i am switching ( at least for now ) . to the waze app
a brief post about speeding up a htc hero . are you with sprint by any chance ? this thread and this thread have at least one suggestion : have a look in menu > settings > about phone > system updates > htc software update . apparently there is a . 6 firmware patch . unfortunately , most of the posts are not reassuring . perhaps time to upgrade/change phones ?
i think " phone idle " just means general power use from the phone being on ( listening for user activation , waiting for scheduled app actions , basic memory and cpu " being on " stuff etc . ) whereas " cell standby " is about keeping the phone active on the cell network ( brief signals back and forth with cell towers alerting them of your presence , listening for calls or sms ) .
according to the dolphin for android phone faqs , you can manually create a shortcut to the home screen : how do i create a shortcut for dolphin sonar to the home screen manually ? please click menu> more> settings> gesture and sonar > sonar settings> create shortcut .
disable syncing in google chrome . remove stored sync data on your google dashboard . enable sync again in google chrome making sure that only the passwords are encrypted . disable and enable sync browser in ics . there is a more detailed howto with photos on my blog if you need it .
i think that there is no other way as to simply delete the files on your android device . make sure you have a copy of the files on your pc or an external hd . i am not sure if one can download the mp3s easily from the google music cloud . you have the files in google musics cloud , why do you need them on the device too ? the music app will cache the files on the device for fast/offline access .
1 ) because only the root user can change the system 's frequency/governor . it is a system level function call and only root can do that . 2 ) under clocking really is not the problem . . . it is over clocking . you can not really damage the device , but you could end up in an infinite boot loop and an average user may not know how to get out of that . 3 ) also : you usually want to replace the kernel when over/under clocking to get new frequencies and possibly under volting to save power ( but at the same time , you are going out of the parameters of the cpu and it may end up boot looping because no two cpus are made exactly alike when you are doing things outside their normal operating parameters ) .
both ubuntu phone ( which is based on the same linux distro as full ubuntu ) and android run on a linux kernel . however they differ above the kernel level , whereas ubuntu runs a full gnu/linux os with most of the standard linux libraries , and a gui based on qt , android runs a custom android and dalvik platform instead . it looks like one of the big benefits of them both being based on the same linux kernel is driver support . this means that for any android phone that has open-sourced drivers available ( either officially from the manufacturer 's source , or where a 3rd party rom developer has written them ) , it should be a much easier to task to get ubuntu phone running on it . ( notably pretty much every picture on the ubuntu phone site at the moment looks like it is of a galaxy nexus running ubuntu phone ) . ubuntu has already been adapted to run on chipsets using the arm and intel x86 architectures relevant for mobile devices , with the core system based around a typical android board support package ( bsp ) . so chipset vendors and hardware manufacturers do not need to invest in or maintain new hardware support packages for ubuntu on smartphones . in short , if you already make handsets that run android , the work needed to adopt ubuntu will be trivial . ( from http://www.ubuntu.com/devices/phone/operators-and-oems - my emphasis ) this means that , initially at least , it is phone manufacturers and ubuntu enthusiasts who are going to see the biggest benefit - that it should be fairly easy to get ubuntu phone working on a handset that was designed for android ( and fairly easy to sell the same hardware with a choice of os ) . as the vast majority of android apps are written using java for the dalvik vm , neither of which are guaranteed to be on an ubuntu phone ( though enthusiasts may port them later ) most of those apps will not work without a large amount of porting effort . ubuntu themselves are unlikely to be in a hurry to port java and dalvik to ubuntu phone after the legal problems that google have had with oracle . also the ubuntu phone has it is own qml toolkit and ubuntu sdk , neither of which are the same as ( or compatible with ) the android sdk or ndk apis , so again that is going to be a large amount of porting effort that will prevent android apps from being run on ubuntu straight away . on the other hand , if your app is primarily a web app with an android wrapper around it , then porting should be much easier as both heavily support html5 and javascript . web apps are first class citizens on ubuntu , with apis that provide deep integration into the interface . html5 apps written for other platforms can be adapted to ubuntu with ease , and we’re targeting standard cross-platform web app development frameworks like phonegap to make ubuntu ‘just work’ for apps that use them . ( from http://www.ubuntu.com/devices/phone/app-ecosystem ) despite all of those differences , history in the mobile space has shown us that if a mobile platform takes off in a big way , then no matter how big the time and effort needed to port apps between platforms , all the big apps and games will make their way to the new platform eventually and companies will come out with toolkits and software that makes it easy to write an app once that can then be compiled to run on any of the major platforms ( that allow it ) . it seems that most of ubuntu 's app-portability is concentrating on making it easy to convert web apps into ubuntu phone apps , and to make it easy to run exactly the same app on any ubuntu device - desktop , laptop or phone : with the arrival of the ubuntu sdk , apps can be written to work on all ubuntu form-factors : it’s the same ubuntu os on the desktop and on the phone , so a single native application can work on both . which means you re-use most of the app when you add support for a new form-factor . ( from http://www.ubuntu.com/devices/phone/app-ecosystem ) tl ; dr ubuntu phone and android are both based on a linux kernel but are different above that - they can share drivers ( this is good for manufacturers and hobbyists ) , but can not share apps . ubuntu phone shares apps with desktop ubuntu , not with android . they both have good web browsers and can view the same web pages .
there is no difference . the device was simply renamed within the build system between the release of cm9 and cm10 , as the cyanogenmod wiki page for the i9100 notes : this device used to be called galaxys2 on get . cm , so older builds of cm can still be found under that title . so builds of cm9 ( or earlier ) will use the galaxys2 moniker , whereas builds from cm10 onward will use i9100 .
have a look at smart cover , cover lock , simple cover lock [ beta ] and others on google play . you can probably find other apps that maybe are better for you by just looking at the ' similar ' apps section on google play .
obvious : it syncs google+ notifications if you have a google+ account . for example , comments on one of your posts ( depending on your notification settings ) . not as obvious : you need the google+ app for it to work .
it is because you have synchronization off . how else is your device supposed to tell the gmail servers that you have read a message ?
i am going to answer generally , since the same is true of any smartphone . there are broadly two kinds of colour screen used on mobile devices ( smartphones , tablets , wearables , and handheld game consoles ) : lcds , and oleds . lcd screens these change their opacity according to an electrical signal . but to see that change in opacity , they need a source of illumination : a backlight . in early pdas and the first few generations of android phones , cfls ( which are basically small fluorescent tubes ) were used for backlights , but these days many lcd screens are lit by white leds . either way , the brightness slider controls how bright the backlight is by varying the voltage to it , so it directly affects power consumption , just like a dimmer control on a lamp . it used to be the case that lcds used a lot more power to be opaque , so displaying a black screen drew more power than displaying a white screen . however , manufacturing techniques and densities changed a few years ago , and the difference is negligible these days . oled screens oleds are a new kind of led . they can be a lot smaller than traditional semiconductor leds : small enough for each pixel to be a separate led . there is no need for a separate backlight . because of this , the brightness slider multiplies the brightness of every pixel separately . decreasing the brightness setting does not decrease power consumption directly . the power consumption of the screen depends on how bright is the actual image it is displaying . in general , decreasing the brightness slider will tend to decrease power consumption , because the screen is darker overall , but a white screen on minimum brightness will draw more power than a black screen on maximum brightness . some phones with oled screens have software that adjusts the brightness dynamically , instead of simply multiplying the screen colours by a constant value . this increases the brightness of the bright colours when more of the screen is dark , and decreases the brightness when more of the screen is bright , so the overall brightness looks the same . this can help save power : when you have adjusted the brightness so darks are clear in your environment , there is no point in the phone burning more power to make the brights look brighter than you need . on samsung phones with oled screens , you can find this in the display settings , labelled auto adjust screen tone . summary whatever type of display technology your phone uses , decreasing the brightness control can use less power , but for different reasons in each case .
answer : no based on the currently available information at their support faq page , no , you cannot disable the " sim card change notification " feature with remove sms control : how can i control device via sms configuration 1 ) set a password and enable sms command option using " preference " menu of the app 2 ) send sms commands locate phone : ## locate password siren : ## siren password lock screen : ## lock password screenlockpassword factory reset : ## wipe password reset and format sd : ## wipeall password toggle gps : ## gps password toggle wifi : ## wifi password toggle bluetooth : ## bluetooth password what can you do : you can let the phone owner know how to access the app and from there , pressing " preferences " , it can access the " allow notify via sms " enable/disable checkbox :
the answer is : you cannot . either wait out the harassment , do not open the app for a while , or switch discussion platforms with the people you care to talk to . all unsatisfying solutions , but . . . they are the only ones .
there is this graph from over at wikipedia , which uses the data from google 's dashboard .
not as far as i know ; it is name is just " browser " . to distinguish it from the other browsers , sometimes i call it " stock browser " . btw , it is called firefox now ( or firefox mobile ) , and no longer fennec .
sounds more like a virus . the only guarenteed way is to flash a fresh rom and start over . malware is getting smarter and smarter and may be able to hide itself on the os unless you start fresh .
yes , it works fine for me without sim-card . i can still use wifi for accessing internet .
i am sure this is fixed in the latest gmail app which you should be able to download from the market . ( this used to bug the hell out of me - sometimes the drop down would work , other times not , completely at random . have not had the issue since the last gmail app update )
founded ugly workaround ( link ) . add exchange account : domain\username : is my aspmx . l . google . com\username@gmail . com server : m . google . com now i can sync calendar - but only first one :/ . still looking for a proper solution .
i had the same problem with google music . if you move the music slider to a different position , it will output sound on both sides , but the bug appears again once it changes track . i believe this is a bug on cyanogenmod 10.1 rc1 . i just updated to rc4 and the bug seems fixed . yay !
short answer : unless you have changed it yourself , it is dalvik . dalvik is currently the supported vm for android . art is a new vm , which is expected to become the supported one for the future l release . if you are using the l developer preview , you are using art . in kitkat , there is a preview ( an early beta version ) of art , which you can turn on from the developer options . it is not recommended to do this , because the preview has bugs and is not yet compatible with all apps . the option 's there primarily for app developers to test their apps with art and report bugs . so unless you are using the l developer preview , or have turned on art in the developer settings , you are using dalvik , which is the only recommended option for end users .
assuming you are using the gmail app , simply start a new message , then choose Menu | Attach and select what you want to attach . you will need to repeat for each file , but you can certainly add more than one .
it looks like this is a physical problem with the camera - either the lens or ( more likely ) the glass that covers the lens . on a close inspection of the camera i can see a lot ( for the small area ) of dark specks on the inside of the outermost lens element . i do not know what is caused this , but it is this that is causing the reduction in quality of the images .
tldr : i have found a solution work-around : go to google contacts in your browser and remove the emails from the contact ( you can put them in the notes to avoid losing them ) . let it sync with your phone . add emails back to the contact ( still from the browser ) . you can now do all the " mark as default " you want because it will keep calling correctly . long version : i decided to do some other experiments . i started by creating a contact specifically for this ( with 2 fake phone numbers and 2 fake emails ) and let it sync with my phone . used " mark as default " to select just the phone number . it kept working fine . then i selected the default email . thats when the phone started to try to make internet calls . to continue my experiments i needed to deselect the email ( which is not possible from the phone ) , so i went to google contacts from my browser and removed the emails and let it sync with my phone . i then re-added the emails . to my surprise the issue vanished completely for that contact . sure enough i did the same for my problematic contacts and everything is fine now . : )
generally speaking , no , clockworkmod ( and other custom recoveries ) do not backup your bootloader . you can physically look at your backup directory to verify this , but i have never seen a custom recovery that included a bootloader in the backups . what you typically get is : boot partition system partition data partition ( also /sdcard/.android_secure depending on the recovery/version ) sdext ( if you have it ) wimax partition ( if you have it ) the general rule is to make sure you have the correct hboot version before you restore a nandroid backup , and you had have to flash it separately .
this seems like a bug in one of the apps you use . best you can do is report it to their developers through the play store .
the avd is not in charge for real devices . there is a step-by-step tutorial from xamarin for nexus devices : http://developer.xamarin.com/guides/android/getting_started/installation/set_up_device_for_development/ http://developer.xamarin.com/guides/android/deployment,_testing,_and_metrics/debugging_with_xamarin_android/ if this will not work , try to stop your firewall .
yes , it can be done but it requires root . you edit the device fingerprint in the build . prop file . here are details : http://androidforums.com/samsung-galaxy-spica/98024-protected-app-market-fix-tutorial-build-prop.html edit : for a more complete answer , see modify phone model in build . prop to purchase unsupported apps before i upgrade to a new phone ?
long tap on the network you want to configure . then select ' modify network ' . scroll down and check ' show advanced settings '
the samsung flavor of android ( and possibly others ? ) keeps the alerts accesible , but very well-hidden . click on the section of the bottom menu bar with the time , then slide up where it reads " settings " . the alerts are visible there .
there is indeed an extension which does this . it is called phony and you should be able to find it if you use the addons search from within firefox mobile . after it is installed , you will get a new drop-down entry in your preferences menu where you can choose your user agent ( the most recent version actually has more choices than the picture below ) :
from wikipedia : 720p is the shorthand name for a category of hdtv video modes having a resolution of 1280×720 ( for a total of 0.92 megapixels or 921,600 pixels ) and a progressive scan . the number 720 stands for the 720 horizontal scan lines of display resolution ( also known as 720 pixels of vertical resolution ) , while the letter p stands for progressive scan or non-interlaced . when broadcast at 60 frames per second , 720p features the highest temporal ( motion ) resolution possible under the atsc and dvb standards . the samsung galaxy s is capable of recording 720p video from it is rear-facing camera . the nexus s is not ( max resolution of 720x480 ) .
go into Settings | Data usage . then in the Mobile tab , you will find a list of the applications that have recently used data . click on any of these applications and there will be a checkbox to restrict background data while the phone is using a mobile connection ( as opposed to wifi ) . i am not aware of a way to control the sync frequency .
cell signal to add to ce4 's answer : you can check that for yourself . if you take a look at your battery stats ( they are always at a little different place in the system menu : sometimes in the main menu , other times under phone info ) , it lists the apps which used most of your battery . one of the highest consumers in there is most likely your display -- and close to it you will find an item cell standby ( sometimes called phone standby ) . this describes how much battery was used to " keep the signal " . check that in times of good reception versus those of bad reception and see how much it differs . network stuff this can even be " multiplied " if you have many apps running services to poll information from the net permanently -- like email apps using imap idle , or some social chat app keeping a push connection . it looks like the same is happening here : it tries hard to keep the connection , and thus pushes the cell radio further . due to the bad reception , the connection gets slow , and those services keep longer " wake locks " ( keeping the cpu alive to complete their task ) , which again eats battery . how to find out if your reception was good ? the system does in fact provide this information ( at least from android 2.3/gingerbread on ) , in the very same battery statistics mentioned before . on top of the first page you find a small graph 1 : tap on it , it brings up a bigger one 2 . the screenshots are in german , but you still can tell the details : in the first 1 , you see the cell standby titled " mobilfunk-standby " right next to the display , as said before . on top of that is mentioned " mini-graph " . that tapped brings you to the page where you find the second image 2 at the bottom . here take a look at the first graph , titled telefonsignal ( phone signal ) . " the greener the cleaner": a bright green means " good reception " ( the screenshot shows this at the begin and end , that is here : morning and evening -- so at home i have good reception ) . getting yellowish : " moderate reception " . this uses more energy : compare it with the graph on top of it ( not in the screenshot -- but the same as in the first screenshot ) , and you see the bar is almost flat where the cell signal is good -- but falls faster where it is not . see the little red spots : " no reception " . and phone will power-up like crazy to find a new cell tower . . . how to find out where the dead spots are ? here we need to use 3rd party tools . i will mention two of them here : no signal alert 3 and opensignalmaps 4 . both can alert you when entering a " dead zone": no signal alert lets you view a log of cell state changes , plus can show you a map of where the dead zones were 3 . opensignalmaps has the plus of showing you all cell towers in reach 4 , pointing out which you are connected to . it also offers you a " compass " giving the direction to the strongest signal . how to automatically deal with those dead zones ? there are some little helpers available which watch your signal . if it drops or gets lost , they simply switch the radio off ( so it cannot further power up searching a non-existing signal ) -- and periodically activate it again to check whether the situation has improved . one of them is battery saver 5 , which also lets you define profiles so you can easily switch other things like wifi . then there are more powerful " automaters " like e.g. greenpower free battery saver 6 , which even manage a lot more . and these two are not the only ones . . .
you can not . rim 's pin system and bbm are proprietary . you can only communicate with a blackberry user via pin messages or bbm if you have a blackberry . get a new bold 9900 / 9930 , they are great ! full disclosure : i work for rim . this is not an official statement from rim either , this is me speaking as a user in my off time at home . i honestly think the new bold is the best bb yet .
most darky 's packages i have seen are your normal update . zip variety that are flashed through recovery , so you should be good to go . if it is an odin package it should say so &mdash ; always vet your sources ( here 's a good one ) . i see no reason to believe flashing from cm would be a problem either unless it messed with your partitions . if you have problems you can always odin to stock and then root , install clockworkmod , and flash darky 's again . the whole process only takes a couple minutes . ( so if you are concerned , go right ahead and odin to stock , it costs you nothing ; just save your backups to a pc first . )
that is not duplicates . if you are the " device owner " , /storage/emulated/0/ is your storage area ( where your files etc . reside ) . /storage/emulated/legacy/ is a symbolic link , always pointing to the logged-in user 's storage . that is , if you are the device owner , and you are logged in , both locations are identical . if some apps show the contained files as " dupes " , they obviously have problems interpreting symlinks . while for the gallery , this sounds pretty strange ( if we are talking about the stock gallery , and not a 3 rd party app ) : the very same android developers who designed the multi-user capabilities should have been aware of that . still , this is not the first time i heard about it . i cannot find the other issue currently , but a solution is as follows : go to settings&rarr ; apps&rarr ; manage apps , and scroll to the gallery app . open its entry , tap " clear cache " and " delete data " . tap the back key , and repeat the same for the " media storage " app . do not be afraid about losing data : the media scanner will re-collect them at its next run . you can trigger the scan by either . . . powering off/on the device ( bah ! ) going to settings&rarr ; storage and safely remove the sdcard , then mount it again ( ok for one-time use : ) using a helper app like e.g. sdrescan or rescan sd card ! ( if you need it more often ) once the media scanner is finished , all your media should re-appear in the gallery app . hopefully without the " dupes " : )
since you have already rooted and flashed your rom , you can give the miui rom a go , see http://en.miui.com/ i feel that is sort of the iphone feel rom for android . . . no app drawer , newly installed apps get put onto the next available space on your screens . folders to organise etc . even the settings look iphone-ish .
there are some projects that have gotten livesuit to work on linux , such as this website and details in this forum . most of what i could find focused on a10 chipsets , but a13 is close enough that it might work ( of course , you will have to find a13 specific roms ) . the second link also shows how to manually install drivers . since you did not specify your exact model , you may have to modify the directions somewhat to work with your device . the easiest solution , of course , is to get access to a windows box . a year ago , linux support was not so good , so i had to borrow someone 's computer for a bit to flash my allwinner a13 tablet . even more restrictive is the ability to generate your own rom images . i could not find anything that would work on linux , so i was stuck using windows to upgrade my tablet * to android 4.1 . *i wrote this post .
if it is a wall charger with plugs that match your outlets , the input range should be covered . normal usb chargers are 5 v at up to 1.8 ma . the voltage is the main concern -- standard usb ports for pcs only go up to 900 ma , which is why they charge slower . you can see the usb power specs on wikipedia : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/usb#power ( in sum , any usb charger that you can trust to do what it says on its specs should work fine . a crappy no-name charger might lie , but two samsung chargers should be 100% interchangeable . )
nope , at least not as of now . you can factory reset your device to remove the first account you set up ( on some devices , you can just remove all the accounts without the reset ) and then add the other one first , if you would like to use it instead . but if you actively want to use both , you are stuck .
it is better if you do not manually delete stuff , unless you can recognize the package names for the apps you want to remove . though it sounds hilarious to install an app to get rid of apps , apps2sd will neatly list out whatever apps are on the sd card or can be moved between that and the internal memory , so you can make a list of the apps you do not want and manually uninstall them . speaking of key folders , here are a couple of common ones- dcim - this stores camera photos . attachments - default save location for gmail attachments . download - default file download location . data - stores app specific data . if you have games that download additional data , they may store that here . this is based off my sd card - most of the other folders i have seen are app specific . update - some phones have a camera directory , with dcim under it , so look for both .
starting with version 6 , deduplication support has been built into clockworkmod recovery . the blobs directory folder contains a hashed directory structure that holds the deduplicated files across all backups . see the developer 's google+ post for more , in short : tl ; dr : clockworkmod recovery now deduplicates files between builds . this results in way smaller backups . do not delete /sdcard/clockworkmod/blobs
maybe you forget install the android usb driver , look this : http://developer.android.com/sdk/win-usb.html and http://developer.android.com/sdk/oem-usb.html#installingdriver when you finish this work , if it also dont work , please try get your device specialized driver .
no , the droid is a cdma phone . in general you can assume that phones on verizon and sprint will not work on at and t or t-mobile , and vice-versa .
you may want to try 3rd-party keyboard apps that support transliteration of physical keyboards . i have previously used anysoftkeyboard , and with the appropriate language pack ( e . g . french with has the azerty layout ) it will transliterate physical keyboard as well .
after rooting you will still be left with stock android just with elevated privileges as you have said . remember , your data will be wiped , so i would recommend doing a backup first ! if a new os update comes along you will not be able to install via the normal over the air method , but you can still download the update manually and flash it via twrp . if you take a look here you can see all the other things you gain by rooting .
from what i have read , the only photos that are backed up are those in the folder named " dcim/camera " , which should include photos from your camera . if you move other photos there ( e . g . downloaded , etc . ) , they should be backed up .
apparently , this is also an animation issue . according to an answer for my dialer app , setting the animation to . 5x fixes a lot of spacing/hiding issues on the phone . to fix it , do the following : go to Settings &gt; Developer Options change Animator Duration Scale to 0.5x many props to abid rahman k for figuring it out !
this happens when you use link2sd or apps2sd and move either the swype app or the swype installer app to your sd card . to fix it , move the installer and swype back to the phone and reboot . i found some of this information on http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1042241 the rest i figured out by trying things .
there is no way to do this natively in the settings of android , as you have noticed . however , there is an app on the android market called " wifi static " that should help you with what you are looking for .
app developers have the ability to do a staged roll-out of updates to their apps through google play store . this means that a small percentage of users ( chosen randomly ) receives the update first . the developer can gauge the feedback , and then proceed to a wide roll-out until they reach 100% of their install base . it is possible that the latest version of this particular app was recently released in such a staged roll-out . one of your phones was randomly selected to be in the initial stage , while the other was not . there is nothing for you to do , other than wait for the roll-out to complete . as comments suggest , you can also attempt to sync the app manually by retrieving it from one phone and installing it on the other . this requires installation of usb drivers for your phone on your computer , and a copy of android sdk . if you are rooted , you can get the apk of the app using adb pull /data/app/&lt;app_package_name&gt;.apk c:\ command , and then connect the other phone and do adb install -r c:\&lt;app_package_name&gt;.apk . on unrooted devices you may want to look into adb backup utility which allows you to generate an .ab file which contains the apk of the app , along with its data . for example , the command adb backup -f c:\Skype.ab -apk com.skype.raider creates " skype . ab " file on my c : drive that contains the skype app and its data . i can then use adb restore c:\Skype.ab command to restore the app with the data . optionally , you can clear the data for the app from your other phone in settings -> apps . the difficulty is locating the package name of the app you want to back up . although package names are usually descriptive enough , sometimes they can be quite cryptic . fortunately , play store itself has the package name in the url . in your example , the app out of milk is located at the following url : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.capigami.outofmilk . the portion of this url after " id=" is the package name . in this case it is com . capigami . outofmilk . so your backup command becomes adb backup -f c:\OutOfMilk.ab -apk com.capigami.outofmilk .
i have done some research and it seems to be an oddity of the tablet . when you do ' move to sd ' whats happening is its moving data to another part of the -internal- sdcard . you can not move apps to the external one e.g. http://yatse.leetzone.org/redmine/boards/2/topics/259#.utfgxxyen8e thanks anyway
your question is bit unclear to me . still i am trying to answer . almost all the android phones these days ( including galaxy nexus - gnex ) have a micro-usb charging and data-syncing port . so they can be connected to your computer using a micro-usb to standard usb cable . like most other phones , gnex also comes with a micro-usb to standard usb cable and a wall charger . you can use wall power or your computer to charge your phone . and if you want to see exactly what charger comes with the gnex , checkout any of the tonnes of unboxing videos avaliable on youtube !
there is not a native notes app for the nexus s because it does not have touchwiz ui . i am quite certain the voice action ' note to self ' actually sends an email to yourself ( i do not personally use that action , not sure it likes a british accent ) there are loads of third party apps though . for example scribb . it is full to the bursting with features , ak notepad is quite a good simple one or evernote has a strong following and quite a few more features .
go to settings > wireless and networks > wi-fi settings press menu and choose advanced . click wi-fi sleep policy and make sure never is selected . this might help your wifi connection remain connected . these are available on my samsung spica running v2.1 ( eclair ) .
here installer for easy installation or widget only for manual installation installation instruction prerequisites : you must be rooted you must be able to write to /system/app/ folder . usb debugging is a " secure " setting , so this widget must be installed as a system apps . it will not work if you install to the standard install location even in rooted device . easy instruction ( recommended ) nico have written an easy-to-use installer to automate installation to /system/app/ ; download it here and run the installer app . add the widget to your home screen like regular widget . manual installation if the easy instruction does not work , try the manual installation : download adbwidget . apk and save it to your computer copy adbwidget . apk to /system/app method 1 -- using android debug bridge ( adb ) remount /system/app to read-write ( see additional instructions section below ) adb push ADBWidget-x.x.apk /system/app/ADBWidget.apk ( replace x . x with the appropriate version number ) remount /system/app to read-only method 2 -- using recovery 's update . zip ( have not been tested yet ) method 3 -- using root explorer ( have not been tested yet ) add adbwidget to your home screen upgrade instruction if you are upgrading from a previous version , you do not need to do all of the above again . you can simply install an update on regular application directory by using regular installation methods ( e . g . opening the apk from a file explorer ) . as long as there is a previous version of the widget in the /system/app directory with the same signing key ( i.e. . my key , if you used the apk download above ) , android will give the updated version in /data/app the same permission . usage instruction click on the widget to toggle usb debugging . blue usb icon means that usb debugging is inactive , red usb icon means that usb debugging is enabled . uninstall instruction since the widget is installed to /system/app , you cannot remove it using standard application uninstaller . so , simply delete the . apk from /system/app . su remount /system as read write rm /system/app/ADBWidget.apk remount /system as read only  additional instruction remounting /system/ as read-write open " terminal emulator " or " adb shell " get root permission , type su get the device name , type mount | grep /system you should see something similar to : /dev/&lt;device-name&gt; on /system type rfs (ro,codepage=utf8,vfat,fcache(blks)=128,xattr,check=no) take note of the &lt;device-name&gt; , and type : mount -o remount,rw /dev/&lt;device-name&gt; /system remounting /system/ as read-only step 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 same as above type : mount -o remount,ro /dev/&lt;device-name&gt; /system troubleshooting sometimes the widget froze and do not responds to clicks . if this happens , removing and re-adding the widget usually will fix the problem . note do not complain about the ugly default icon and widget button , but if you can send me a better icon/widget image , i would be happy to add it . now we have an icon , thanks to @jay . do not trust strangers that asks you to install an application to /system/app tested on samsung spica i5700 spicagenmod froyo .
there is work in progress to add support for tasks in caldav-sync . check this out : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z3ijc6icbiq
looks like this might be hardware , but not broken hardware . edit : see comments below , but i suspect this is actually the tag hardware i was using and not the phone hardware causing the problem . this appears to be a design flaw with the nexus 4 and i would absolutely love to hear from any other nexus 4 owners who use nfc tags . i managed to get it to work consistently with some tags at home ( i.e. . not broken hardware ) . the only tags i can get to work though are " sticker " tags . the other tags i have are wrapped in some kind of hard plastic enamel to protect them from damage and allow you to carry them on a keychain etc . . . ( also some which are specially designed to work near metal and other sources of interference , they did not work , i assume because they are also thicker than paper ) . any nfc tag that was made of the thicker plastic ( i.e. . not a pure sticker ) would not scan , i am thinking this has to do with range . i could get them to scan somewhat inconsistently so i know the tags were ok ( also tested on other phone ) . they also scanned better when i removed the back cover , but this cover is literally 1mm thick . maybe 1.5mm . it is a ringke slim . so i have to conclude there is something internal to the nexus 4 that is ruining the range . seems like a massive oversight , but what other conclusion can you draw from the results i have so far ? will update if i learn more . does anyone have a nexus 4 and use a thicker nfc tag ( basically anything that is not paper thin ) ? if so , let me know , otherwise i will accept this answer in a few days .
no it is not possible . even if you send him a message without him adding you as a contact the first thing he will see is your number .
open joined contact > menu button > mark as default > chose account , name , phone . thats all .
i installed vlingo and i switched over to that as the input method and i no longer have the above issues .
you want to check out android x86 project . they have documentation and installation instruction for installing an android on a regular laptop/desktop .
for some reason this just worked itself out . one day i did " update phonebook " in the bluetooth menu , and then everyone showed up . before that , i thought i was going to have to remove my wife , brother , mom , etc , from favorites to get them to show up in the car 's bluetooth menu . so , if this happens to you , try " update phonebook " in your vw/audi bluetooth menu .
yes . it is possible to flash android devices under linux . the fact is that android does not need drivers - both adb and fastboot use libusb and talk to the devices directly . your main concern should be finding compatible fastboot binary - some oems use proprietary fastboot extensions to handle certain functions . obviously you can not expect to be able to follow the windows tutorial under linux . fortunately for you unrevoked ( the tool used in the tutorial you linked ) has a linux version as well .
turns out it was the micro-usb cable i was using to connect the kindle to my laptop . once i found my uber quality asus cable , progress began . . . now the os atleast properly detecting the device , and loading it as a mass usb storage device . dmesg : however , adb devices now gave : List of devices attached ???????????? no permissions  to get adb to properly list the device , and be able to connect to it , please see this solution on so : stackexchange-url
there are really only 2 tool tips that you dismiss . you had be better off finding a tutorial or video to teach her .
you need to create a port forwarding to your android device . this can be done with adb . for example : run adb forward tcp:12345 tcp:23456 and then use the uri http://localhost:12345 to access the server running on port 23456 in the emulator . note that some ports are reserved for android and some can only be used after rooting , so i would suggest using high ports ( > 20000 ) if you can .
i believe you need the stock recovery , based on http://2chnull.info/r/smartphone/1292830738/801-900 . you can get back to stock recovery easily , for example follow this thread : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=884093
no , the droidx can not run custom kernels . " it is still impossible to flash custom kernels on the droid x , but the rom developer community has matured to a point where they’re able to make great things happen on this phone without having to rely on changes to the kernel . "
a friend just recommended call control to me for this very reason . i am starting to get spam calls on my cell phone and it disgusts me . plus there is a black list feature as well .
basically you have to compile android for that device with its drivers . example of compilation process . an older example from the official dev site for building 1.6 for the g1 . devices like the n1 and g1 ( dev phones ) let you easily put these images on your phone after compilation , because that is what they were made for ( unlockable and hackable ) . i believe their drivers are in the official android source ( i could be wrong , but they are easily available ) . all other devices do not come unlocked , so first you have to unlock ( root ) your phone to be able to write anything else to it . i have never compiled android or a rom , so i can not give you much more details than this . essentially there are proprietary binaries ( the drivers ) that are also needed for each specific android phone in order to get it to run on that device . so you either have to get those drivers from the vendor or write them yourself .
so far , it seems like this dictionary has eluded people all over . there are a few things that have worked for most people as far as getting swype under control . to delete a single word , type it using swype , highlight it ( by clicking or double clicking the word ) , and press the swype key ( button with " info " icon ) to add a word , type it very carefully letter by letter and press the swype key to save it to the dictionary to batch add multiple words to the dictionary ( this has been tested and worked ) , type the words you wish to add in a text document ( either on your phone or on your computer and then view it on your phone ) . highlight the block of text and push the swype key . this should add every word in the block to the dictionary .
have a look on http://www.appoozle.com/ they provide an app and a web information service that allows publishers to justify the permissions their apps require .
i had to rebuild my phone after a firmware update ; in doing so , i skipped over a lot of the junk that i would previously installed . the upshot is that i no longer suffer this problem ( nor several others that had crept in ) . while it could be the software update that was the solution , i suspect that it was more likely that the clean install that did the trick . on the plus side , the problem has disappeared ; on the negative side , we do not know what the solution is .
androphp looks like it'll fill your needs quite nicely . you can . . . deply dynamic php content serve pages over lan use a mysql database heck , this'd be awesome for all sorts of events . have people whip out their phones , navigate to your locally hosted signup form , etc , then export the mysql tables out later .
i solved this by erasing all contacts on the sim . here 's how : contacts app -> menu -> view . uncheck all but sim , press ok . menu -> delete . menu -> select all . press delete . after a while all sim contacts are gone . now re-enable showing the phone and/or google contacts and you are good to go ! ( my phone uses swedish so maybe the menu items/buttons above have other similar names )
this may not be as easy as you think . the emmc is connected to the board with a ball grid array ( bga ) connection , which is pretty difficult to reconnect once removed . you can see photos of the chip and more discussion on the topic on this xda post . as for where the chip is , you might be able to find it on some teardowns , but my eyes did not catch it in ifixits photos .
the “micro-usb” headphone used by lg gs155 is not really an usb device — it just uses the usb connector for the same analog audio signals as in usual 3.5 or 2.5 mm round connectors . look at the microusb to 3.5 or 2.5 jack headset pinout . in order to work with such headsets , the phone needs to have the appropriate hardware to detect the type of connected device and switch functions of usb port pins from usb to analog audio . it is highly unlikely that the phone will have such hardware if it also has a standard 3.5 or 2.5 mm audio connector . even older htc phones using the proprietary “extusb” connector compatible with mini-usb did not switch pin functions when a headset is connected — they used separate pins for audio . the only way to connect this headphone to your new phone is to build an adapter with a 3.5 mm plug and a micro-usb type b receptacle connector , so that the headphone will be connected to the audio circuit through the 3.5 mm audio connector on the phone .
this is not hard . first , you need to disable phone by defaults . go to " manage app " , select phone . . . clear defaults . then go to the menu , remove the phone icon and replace with the exdialer . . . then i think it should be easy from there on . . . . any where you get a prompt select the exdialer
try " reboot recovery " , though it does not work on all devices . you might also need root for this , so first try " su root " .
i believe this xda forum post will give you a good head start . note : this is written for the sapphire . compiling and flashing a kernel for the n1 . another guide from xda forums . compiling systems apps .
the process for getting cm on htcs in my experience ( htc sensation , raider , one s , desire z ) has been to : unlock the bootloader , usually via htc dev , after installing only sync drivers flash custom recovery - twrp preferred , but cwm works fine flash superuser zip file for easy root . if that does not work , i can suggest vroot , worked great on an lenovo ascend g610 with little documentation on the web run s-off tool of choice , sometimes terminal based , sometimes it is an easy apk set supercid for easy flashing of other stock roms flash cyanogen and gapps , make sure to clear data before first boot do not try to install custom bootloaders with s-on , as i have bricked an htc hero that was s-on , tried to flash amarulz hboot , and it never started up again . the method above has successfully unlocked all the htc devices first mentioned , without any bricks . to answer your questions , you can not flash a custom recovery because you are s-on . perhaps you cannot get the unlock key for your hboot because it predates htcs unlocking program . my htc hero got an hboot update that required the use of using htcdev to unlock . if you are looking to flash a recovery via adb shell , you will need to use ' dd ' for that .
some apps offer a network monitor , e.g. os monitor does : as you can see in the second screenshot , it even allows you to look-up the destination and show it in a map . quick system info offers a similar feature : as you can see in the last entry of this screenshot , it even names the app which holds this connection . these are two examples of real-time monitoring which do not require root . if your device is rooted , you might also want to take a look at droidwall : this app offers to keep a log of all network accesses for each app . plus , as a firewall app , you can restrict apps to wifi , mobile network , or even forbid them network access altogether .
on android phone . just type in the dial *#9900# then choose the second one " delete dumpstate/logcat " . problem is solved .
you would need to root your phone . for file managers with root access , you can try astro or root explorer . if the app loads the default folder , keep going up the parent folder until you can no longer move up ; that will be the root folder .
note : i am on samsung galaxy s2 , android 4.0.3 elixir for android has an " sd mount toggle " feature . it could unmount a removable card ( /mnt/sdcard/external_sd ) , but not ( /mnt/sdcard ) . i could not get it to mount by clicking the toggle again , but a restart [ toggle also available ] will mount the removable card . this is probably a bug with elixir ; and i will try to contact the developer .
should i relock the bootloader after getting s-off ? will that prevent me from doing anything ? no . you can not flash unsigned rom nor alter rom ( e . g . get permanent root ) . source . in that tutorial under the facepalm instructions , do i need to do step 7 if i already got s-off using facepalm ? yes . it is needed so you can flash the /boot partition from recovery . the stock hboot blocks access while in recovery . source . how can i remove * tampered * from the bootloader ? update 2013-08-16: from op : after following the steps he mentioned in the guide , TAMPERED is gone and has been replaced with the -- DirtyRacun -- label. There also is nothing that says UNLOCKED anymore .
as of 10/20/12 , no one has ever rooted the commando . xda developers forum is home to some of the innovators in the droid world , and no one there has yet come up with a way . couple of reference points for you : casio g'zone commando [ q ] casio commando 2.3.3 root-impossible
it turned out to be a sync error for some contacts with malformed birthday field created on android which causes exchange to silently fail . you can debug it , by getting the exchange server-side logs , by going to your exchange webmail ( outlook web access , owa ) : login in to webmail . yourdomain . com go to : options -> all options -> phone mark your current device and click -> " start logging " start sync on the phone in webmail click " stop logging " and look at the new mail create in your inbox in the log i got three of these errors : . . . which causes the whole sync and all subsequent contact syncing to silently do nothing . i had to remove the birthday field from these contacts on android . i hope this helps someone ! here is some more information on the various date formats created on android devices : http://dmfs.org/carddav/?date_format
assuming you are using the stock google launcher . . . in my experience , no , they are not restored automatically . only the wallpaper is restored . that being said , if you had made a backup using titanium backup or something similar this would be able to restore your home screen design . just reinstall your apps first and then restore the backup .
this in terminal app and restart afterwards did the job for me : su mount -o rw,remount /system cp /data/app/com.google.android.googlequicksearchbox-1.apk /system/app/QuickSearchBox.apk  found the answer here .
i believe my phone vibrates when it is done charging , but i have never seen a setting for it . i am certain you could set up a profile with locale to notify when charging is done .
start your device in safe mode and then uninstall the app that is causing problems . rebooting will exit from safe mode . here 's how to access safe mode in a few popular devices . htc devices with physical buttons : turn off your android phone . press the menu button on your phone . while holding down the menu button , turn on your device and keep pressing the menu button until you see the lock screen . “ safe mode should now be printed in the lower-left corner of your display . when in safe mode , android does not load any third-party apps , and you can uninstall the application that gave you trouble from settings > applications > manage applications . nexus one : turn off your nexus . remove the battery if it cannot be done the normal way . press the power button to start your phone , and right when the logo appears , press and hold the trackball . you should also be able to hold down the touch sensitive menu button at this point , if you prefer that . keep pressing until you see the lock screen , and you should now be in safe mode . motorola droid turn off your droid and slide open the hardware keyboard . press both the power button and the menu button on the keyboard simultaneously . keep holding down the menu key until you see the “droid eye” , and you feel your phone vibrate . your droid should start and say “safe mode” in the lower-left corner of the screen . samsung galaxy s power the phone off . turn the phone back on while pressing and holding the menu button . keep holding the menu button until the home screen loads . the lower-left corner should say safe mode .
yes . this is definitely possible , requiring no modifications or drivers on the pc . as the op mentions , the usb identification on the phone end is ultimately done in software ( in this file https://github.com/android/kernel_msm/blob/android-msm-2.6.35/drivers/usb/gadget/composite.c ) , and it could be modified to identify itself as a standard usb keyboard . this change would require a couple of things . a modified kernel with a patched usb driver an android app that could talk to some interface exposed by the modified usb driver . there was a paper published a couple of years ago ( titled exploiting smart-phone usb connectivity for fun and profit ) that described using a phone to brute-force desktop login screens . the method they used involved making the phone appear as a usb keyboard .
sounds like your phone is using a different google account to attempt to log in to chrome-to-phone . try signing out from the chrome extension , and " disconnect " the phone from the android app and re-sign in to both .
you are not alone . inability to uninstall any apps and crashes in settings , are some of the nasty bugs in sony 's recent google play edition devices . currently there are no workarounds , and you must wait until sony releases an update with fixes for these issues . sources : android authority , android community [ edit ] allegedly , the upcoming 4.4.2 ota update will fix most of the glaring issues . [ edit 2 ] confirmed , the just released 4.4.2 ota update fixes those nasty bugs on the z ultra . check to see if you have it ( keep in mind it is probably a staged roll-out , so you might not see the update immediately . )
it sounds like you are describing a vpn ( virtual private network ) . a vpn directs all traffic ( whether http or other tcp/ip protocols ) through a specific server , usually with the intent to encrypt traffic between the device and the vpn server . however , encryption is not necessary , and a vpn would have full control over routing , which means you could customize a vpn server to block specific requests . or you could redirect requests to unsafe/undesirable websites to a ' block ' page of your choosing . almost all android devices have vpn capabilities built-in . you should look into that technology . in order to force the user to go through the vpn , you will need an app that can be set as a device admin ( a built-in , almost-root privilege that prevents the app from being removed ) that would also set the vpn to be always on . see this android . se question and answer for more details .
extracted from ultrapixel vs megapixel : htc one and iphone 5 camera shoot-out : ultra-pixels : basically the sensor on the htc one features larger pixels for better low light sensitivity and , on paper , better overall camera performance . [ . . . ] we have to understand that “ultrapixel” is just htc’s marketing team saying that the pixels on the htc one’s sensor are larger . here’s how it works : the sensor on the htc one isn’t larger than the sensors on other modern phones : 1/3.2-inch is what htc used in the one and the same size is also present on the iphone 5 , galaxy s iii , or lumia 920 . a larger sensor means having something like the nokia 808 pureview has with its 1/1.2 inch sensor . some other site described that term as " plain market buzz " . more on the term ultrapixel can also be found at wikipedia . megapixel , on the other hand , is a measurement term , describing the resolution of an image – a term used not only for the number of pixels in an image , but also to express the number of image sensor elements of digital cameras or the number of display elements of digital displays .
you do not necessarily need dlna for that , nor hdmi . wifi and the right app might do as well . take a look at e.g. remote gallery 3d , you cannot only have a slide show on your pc , but even manage your photos remotely . the app runs a web server on your device , which then can be accessed via any web browser ( i.e. . completely os independent ) . only requirement is flash capability . for a presentation , also have a look at youtube . this way you can even take your photo gallery with you when visiting friends or family : no installation on the pc required . so as long as wifi is available , you are fine . the app is free , so it comes without investing any extra money , as requested ; ) alternatively , you could setup a dlna server on your android device ( bubbleupnp would be a good choice for that ) . nex , you would need a client to access it from your mac ( take a look at this wikipedia list to pick one ) . start the server on your android device , then start the client on the mac . the client should automatically find and list your android device , and let you browse your media . what features are offered ( just pick single entries , make a slideshow , have background music played along ) depends on the client chosen . a third variant would be investigating in airplay . as that is apple 's own stuff , your mac should surely support it . there are a bunch or apps supporting airplay you could chose from ; not having a mac , i cannot be of assistance in this area . fazit by iliv : bubbleupnp is a very nice software . i am having a lot of fun trying out various combinations . one thing i learned this morning is that i can use vlc to browse and play all content on my phone : video , music and pictures . video playback intermittently stucks for a split second , very rarely , but it does . that is unfortunate , but i am wondering if it is a vlc or bubbleupnp issue , or maybe it is just that two do not get along well .
kies via wifi ( a stock rom app ) connects your phone to the kies software on your computer via wifi . i am on cm10.1 , which does not have kies via wifi . but , there is probably a setting in the kies via wifi app that lets you disable the auto-connect function .
summing up from the comments : no " reset " will ever roll back any system updates applied . for that , you would have to re-flash the original rom . for the device to show up with adb devices or fastboot devices , you must have your computer configured accordingly . if your computer runs windows , you will need a special driver ( koush 's universal adb driver might help you out here , in case you cannot find a specific driver for your devices ) . if it is linux , you might wish to consult my answer here , for a mac it might be similar . further helpful hints can be found via our adb tag-wiki . as you have multiple identic devices , some updated and some not , you should be able to utilize dd ( see also this wikipedia article for a starter ) to clone all partitions of one device and apply that to others . as partition structures are quite device specific , i cannot give you accurate details here ; a little research might be helpful especially on sites like xda developers . a custom recovery can be used for this as well : check out our nandroid tag and its tag-wiki for details on that .
there are some technical reasons explained on the android developers website that justify why the widget may have stopped working : any of this ones are not recommended to move to an external storage due to possible failure : services your running service will be killed and will not be restarted when external storage is remounted . you can , however , register for the action_external_applications_available broadcast intent , which will notify your application when applications installed on external storage have become available to the system again . at which time , you can restart your service . alarm services your alarms registered with alarmmanager will be cancelled . you must manually re-register any alarms when external storage is remounted . input method engines your ime will be replaced by the default ime . when external storage is remounted , the user can open system settings to enable your ime again . live wallpapers your running live wallpaper will be replaced by the default live wallpaper . when external storage is remounted , the user can select your live wallpaper again . app widgets your app widget will be removed from the home screen . when external storage is remounted , your app widget will not be available for the user to select until the system resets the home application ( usually not until a system reboot ) . account managers your accounts created with accountmanager will disappear until external storage is remounted . sync adapters your abstractthreadedsyncadapter and all its sync functionality will not work until external storage is remounted . device administrators your deviceadminreceiver and all its admin capabilities will be disabled , which can have unforeseeable consequences for the device functionality , which may persist after external storage is remounted . broadcast receivers listening for " boot completed " the system delivers the action_boot_completed broadcast before the external storage is mounted to the device . if your application is installed on the external storage , it can never receive this broadcast . copy protection your application cannot be installed to a device 's sd card if it uses google play 's copy protection feature . however , if you use google play 's application licensing instead , your application can be installed to internal or external storage , including sd cards .
see here : http://rootmydroid.co.uk/guides/hero/howto-root-your-htc-hero/ like you , i got fed up with waiting for ota upgrade from orange . using villainrom 12 , which is brilliant . no regrets !
i have found the problem ; i had just one track by this artist in another album , and it was tagged " the chromatics " . " chromatics " and " the chromatics " were probably ( rightfully ) considered as the same artist , but android did not pick the right one out of the two to display . i have edited this track 's artist tag and now every track by this artist appears correctly tagged .
that would be a contradiction in terms : in order to disable permissions on-the-fly , root permissions are required -- no way around that . for non-root users , there is only a different approach : take the .apk apart before installing , manipulate the Manifest ( remove unwanted permission 's requests ) , re-assemble the .apk , and then install the modified package . unwanted side-effect : no direct updates , as the signature on the package breaks this way . an app doing this is e.g. apktool , available for windows , mac and linux .
thanks to this answer to this question is moving apps to sd only available to rooted devices ? . i have discovered the getInstallLocation adb command and set the install location to internal on my un-rooted phone . with the android sdk installed , and my phone connected via usb with usb debugging mode switched on , enter the following commands : adb devices ( check that adb can see my phone , and start necessary services ) adb shell ( connects a shell to the phone ) pm getInstallLocation ( returns 0[auto] ) pm setInstallLocation 1 ( sets the default install location to internal memory ) pm getInstallLocation ( run again to check that it is now set to the correct location , returns 1[internal] ) exit safely remove hardware , unplug phone and all done , without any need for root !
short answer you yourself cannot . but you can ask the developer to implement that . tl ; dr explanation in easy terms : an app itself must " register for this service " , which must be done in code . the " share picker " is not handled by apps directly – it is rather the system taking care for that . so it must be made known to the system if an app has something to contribute ( or can accept from ) here , and if so , for what actions/content types . for example , an url ( link ) basically is " normal text " ( consisting of characters ) , so it could be copy/pasted to other " text processing apps " ( notepads , word processors , etc . ) ; but it could also be passed to browsers or other link-sharing apps in a specific way . a video makes no sense to be copied into a text-based app , so when " sharing " it you would not like a notepad-type app to be in the share menu ( which otherwise would be really cluttered pretty soon ) . so an app must " tell " the system what type of " sharing content " it can accept , and it must provide a " standardized interface " for this which the system ( or rather its " share " component ) then can address . additional hints as your question was for a dictionary-type app : several other apps support those directly . so e.g. colordict ( my personal favorite currently ) is an online/offline dictionary app directly supported by e.g. moon+ reader ( my favorite app for reading ebooks – epub , mobi , pdf , and more supported ) . looking up a term even makes colordict blending in seemlessly . so apart from the " standard sharing option " of the system , there are also other ways to achieve things . but again , it is up to the developer to implement this .
all you have to do is press and hold the text message you want to delete . you will then be prompted to select more text messages to delete or just delete the one you have selected . if your android version is too old for this let me know and i will emulate your specific version and figure it out for you .
it will not fit , the note 2 batteries are physically larger than the note 1 's battery slots . your best bet is finding a good third-party extended battery .
the problem simply disappeared after a few weeks . i guess the carrier changed something or my phone got updated without informing me . . . who knows .
is google places out for india ? one of the main menu items is " atm " . if not , you are probably better off using the website for your bank . if they are good , they have already got a mobile version of the site and one of the primary functions i would think they had have is atm locations .
this is apparently not possible on a motorola droid with android 2.1 . froyo is slated to release next week . maybe it will also change the ability to set this value . ( if it does i will change this answer . ) sadly , this is still not possible with android 2.2 either .
i am actually not sure that the kernel version matters for this exploit . it was a bug that was patched in the platform_system_core repository , which i think comprises libraries and system files that live on in the /system directory ( the readme says as much ) . the patch was committed on july 19 , 2010 ( in the froyo branch , anyway ) . i would wager that any kernel with a build date later than that also has the updated system files , so the system would not be vulnerable . uname -a would tell you the build date of a given device 's kernel , but beyond that i do not know that you could really line it up with a specific kernel version , especially on devices from different manufacturers/carriers/etc .
i have samsung galaxy s2 , running cm10.1 on my stock browser , i can long-press a link . a menu opens , and one of the menu items is Copy link URL .
as for now i consider the stock sms/mms app a leftover on tablet devices without an gsm/umts module . i serves no purpose on such devices .
google+ messenger does require the background data checkbox to receive messages/updates while it is not the active app . however your messages should be sent instantly since the app would be active then . are you experiencing delays with other messengers using background data as well ? e.g. whatsapp a good discussion about background data , sync etc can be read here
this is actually an important question , and far better to ask now than try it and be stuck with a blank screen ! android roms are specific to the device . this is why cyanogenmod and others have the specific device model and code name on them . even in cases where the deveice looks and feels the same and has the same name e.g. samsung galaxy s4: gt-i9505 gt-i9500 they both run android 4.4 now , and they look and to all user purposes are the same device . under the hood there are differences , and no rom will be compatible between the two . i had used the google edition s4 as my example as roms were not compatible between two devices with exactly the same hardware , but work arounds are being found . the general rule is : if your device is not specifically listed do not install the rom ! in your case here i am sure it will brick the device as there is different hardware ( buttons etc ) , a different model code , and a different partition structure .
good question . i am do not see an obvious way to do that to solve your problem on all websites . however , there just so happens to be a few xkcd viewer apps . i use this one which has a menu > hover text option . edit : this seems like a reasonable thing to try for link hover text , but it does not work for me on the default htc incredible browswer : tap any white empty space near to the link you want to hover over . now move your trackball up/down until it selects the link . don’t click it . there ! the tooltip now appears . simple solution . :- ) i saw this suggested here .
while looking around my android filesystem , i found that it did , in fact have a /etc/init.d/ directory . after peeking around in there , i found /etc/init.d/20userinit with the following lines : this being , of course , exactly what i needed , i wrote the following script on my computer then pushed it to my device : #!/system/bin/sh dropbear -s -g  ( pushed to device via scp userinit.sh phone:/data/local/userinit.sh , mind you : ] ) rebooted the device , then ran ps | grep "[d]ropbear" , and sure enough , it is running . coolness !
if you install pelya’s xsdl server from google play , you can use x11 aplications . in gnuroot type : apt-get install xfce4 it will install the xfce4 desktop environment and xorg with some utilities . and after several minutes of packages downloading and making configurations , start xsdl and set your favorite display resolution and zoom , and then type in gnuroot : display=127.0.0.1:0.0 startxfce4 switching to xsdl app , the xfce4 starts and you can now use the graphical interface . i found this solution at : http://www.r-ohjelmointi.org/?p=1434 some other things : * change font size as in ordinary gnome . * moving a flat finger is same as click and drag , for resizing etc . * i have to press the back button on the pad to get the screen keyboard displayed . this overlays lower part of x window though . * no terminal emulators seem to work properly . however , gnuroot can be used for that . * applications like gnu planner , gretl and gnu cash work without problems .
install wireless tether app ( free ) if you are rooted . it features access control . means , you can use it to allow/deny ad-hoc clients for mobile data . ofcourse , for this . . it'll need to display connected clients . and , it works with galaxy nexus lte ! update : you can use fing - network tools , too . its clean way for your task .
it is quite possible you accidentally shorted out a circuit or otherwise damaged some part ( ribbon cable , connector , etc . ) while disassembling or re-assembling your phone . the " power supply " line the tech fed you is probably just that , something they said to avoid going into too much technical detail . it is unlikely that they will bother with figuring out which exact part is fried , and will probably opt for replacing the phone 's whole main board instead . be mindful of the price they quote you , because these days you can get a used nexus one for the price close to what some parts retailers charge for a replacement motherboard .
this is just based on a bit of research , not my own experience : android phones , unlike your symbian phone which worked , do not expose a hayes-command modem as a built-in externally accessible service . there may well be such an interface internally for communicating with the “baseband processor” , but in order to control it from another computer you will have to install an android app and/or modified os which forwards the commands it receives from an external source . i do not know whether such an app already exists . ( further questions on how to get the scheme i described working might be better asked over at stack overflow as they would be essentially about programming android . )
the solution : i just had to be signed into facebook in chrome .
if you want to connect to your home pc from your phone , there is connectbot
android does not have " device drivers " . if you were to think of the entire android ecosystem within your handset , split into 3/4 , using the java programming language , the remaining 1/4 is the kernel written in c/assembler . it is there within the kernel is where the drivers are embedded . that is part of the kernel 's job to interact with touchscreen , accelerometers , compass , etc , and certain interactions with the hardware gets delegated to the android side of things . that is a summary in abstract form for the layman to understand . on to hardware manufacturers such as acer , huawei , htc , samsung , sony , zte , to name but a few , what each of those companies do , is publish the sources to the kernel , so that it can be built . although , having said that , some are not exactly gpl compliant , some provide sources , which may not be fully complete , quite possibly , due to the restrictions on certain closed-source for a particular hardware , or others just flagrantly violate the gpl and not publish it at all . perhaps , some do distribute the source in which the process of rolling your own kernel can fail due to malformed errors in the code or missing extra code . that applies to , generally older kernels , version 2.6 . x , in which a mix-and-match of the appropriate sources gets merged in manually , to create a build , this is where it can backfire quite horribly , the build breaks , kernel refuses to boot and lots of hacking to get the build to work . atheros , is one very classic example of a wifi chipset found in quite a large majority of handsets , notably , the sources for the device driver , are quite hard to find , which has resulted in broken builds of the driver , in turn , when integrated with the kernel , as a whole , android refuses to start the wifi . due to obscurity of the source , hackers have attempted to get the appropriate wifi driver from other stock roms thereby exacerbating the gambling on the functionality of the wifi which either work or break . the newer kernel versions 3.1 . x , have most of the device drivers employed for usage with android , merged into the main kernel sources thereby minimizing the chances of mix-n-matching , merging the source manually for a hardware , be it a new compass , acclerometer etc . if there is anything amiss feel free to comment , and amend this accordingly .
ah well . it appears that the stock email app does not do sni . this means that in the initial connection to the server it was presented with another certificate it should discard ( but did not ) . it seems to me that this is a feature request for the email app , as other apps do implement sni . changing the apache ssl configuration to use sni with an initial certificate signed with the " gert van dijk ca " still did not solve it . logcat then showed : I/Exchange(12307): IOException while sending request: Cannot verify hostname: mail.mydomain.tld  setting mail.mydomain.tld as initial certificate solved it . i consider this an ugly work around until this has been fixed in the email app .
i have figured it out , had to enable mtp mode under settings => storage - > settings button on top right -> usb computer connection and then enable mtp from there .
i have a similar setup with ipod classic ( 160 gb ) and asus transformer tf300t . i have yet to find a direct method to connect ipod to the tablet and sync via an app . as of now , the only way is via a computer . if you want to go the pc way , you can use isyncr for pc and sync playlists . isyncr also has an app for mac . however , i am not sure of pictures being synced via isyncr . another option is to export all the music via programs like floola to your computer and later transfer to the tablet .
to directly answer your question : no , this modification will not harm your device . to elaborate : you did not overclock your device ( that is why i said it was safe ) . you raised the minimum frequency . what you see in set cpu is the scaling range . for any given moment your device decides which frequency it needs to do what it is doing . for example when only reading and not scrolling it needs only 200 mhz to basically wait for further input . this is done for better battery life . when actively loading pages the device will automatically increase the operating frequency up to the limit of your scaling range . this increases performance , but is worse for battery . in both of your cases the maximum scaling frequency is 1600 mhz . you told the device to save less power when idling , but kept the maximum " speed " the same . overclocking on android is done by raising the scaling range maximum value above the default . for example a very small and usually ok overclock for your device would be to set the scaling range to 200mhz to 1700mhz . this modification however can harm your device , but not very likely . it also often requires custom kernels to be flashed . when things go wrong with overclocking you can see random reboots and freezes , and almost never any permanent damage to the device . i suggest you try to read more about this topic on sites like xda-developers , before doing anything else with the device .
your device does not have an armv7 processor . it has an armv6 . you can confirm this by attempting to download apps like temple run and firefox from the market - these all need armv7 processors . you can also install device info to check it yourself , it gives you detailed information . also , according to gsm arena your processor is clocked to 600mhz - the same as most armv6 devices .
it is an lg bug exposed by a recent google chrome change : http://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/chrome/-ns44h44aqs%5b1-25-true%5d
there might be an issue with the wifi channels enabled on your phone , i am unable to find this setting on kitkat i have no clue why ! maybe i just dont remember how to get there , go on to your router settings page and see the channel being used . change it and i think that would fix the issue .
sparx 's suggestions seem pretty good . here are a few more ( also untested ) : genial handwriting myletter ( this one seems if-y ) graffiti for android ( very cool if it works because it converts the handwritten notes to text )
32 dbm equates to 1584.89mw according to this calculator : http://www.radiolabs.com/stations/wifi_calc.html assuming a 12 dbi antenna gain from the comments above , that gives us 44 db of antenna power . the signal loss for 2400 mhz/km is 100.03db , citing the same site . at the assumed 44db of power , we will round and say . 044km which is ~144 feet . since throughput is inversely related , you are going to have a pretty poor download speed at 144 feet , barring there is nothing between the phone and the computer , on a clear day . this is half guesswork , but hopefully it helps .
it seems that this can be done with aptoide server and the same android app for client . on server side you just copy all apks and generate the xml file via aptoide server script . user then installs this app , adds your repository and downloads/installs the apk .
technically , cwm 6 is not doing incremental or full backups . what it is doing is storing " blobs " that are shared between backups if the data has not changed between the two . when you run a new backup , it reuses what it can . if you delete a backup set , you do not actually delete the data , and the next time you run a backup , cwm deletes any blobs no longer in use .
yes . tasker will do this . when you are setting up the state , choose " bluetooth connected " , then click the magnifying glass next to the " name " field . it will search for paired bluetooth devices . choose the one you want and configure states/actions . then do it again for the other bt device .
you can use an app like autostarts ( requires root ) to manage which apps can listen to which events . you just need to remove car home from the docking event .
the latest version of swype beta ( or at least the version before the most recent version ) is a bit more self-sustained . all i had to do when i updated was to go to the swype installer app . it had an update for itself . after updating , it then presented an option for me to update swype and stepped me through the process , including disabling , updating , and then re-enabling swype . now the old way of updating swyped used to be you had to uninstall the current version and it is installer , then re-install the installer , then re-install swype . it seems as if they have improved on this former method ( that often had me raging because it would not generate the license file correctly ) .
you will need a file manager , and just browse to the same path that you do when you attach to email . if the xoom does not have a file manager , i recommend root explorer . if you do not have root you can try another , like astro file manager .
save it as contact ; then when you want to use it -> navigate to it ; and choose edit before sending .
this was available in cm7 , but got removed in cm9 and above , for reasons i do not know myself . it is possible that the maintainers of cm could not find a way to make this compatible with android 4+ and so left it out . there are apps on the market that can do this , such as permissions denied however this is now a paid app , and i am unable to report whether this works . edit : ad eldarerathis pointed out in the comments , there is an open feature request to add this to cm10 and later . i suggest you follow this request for updates .
it seems to be related to the local time on my phone , which i suspect was slow compared to the network . so , while the incoming messages where arriving listed as the " correct " time ( on the network ) , i was then replying " before " them as far as my local clock was concerned and thus when the phone sorted on time their positions were swapped . so , i have manually adjusted my clock forward a minute , and seem to have avoided the problem since . speaking to a friend knowledgeable in these things , o2 ( my provider ) apparently do not provide phones with network-updated time , i do not know if this is true or not , but it would explain how a difference could appear in the manner described .
yes , custom recovery works with encrypted honeycomb device . the built-in encryption does not touch rom and firmware at all . it just encrypts accounts , settings , downloaded apps and their data etc . which can be located on phone memory , internal sd or external sd . that is why encryption is no longer present after factory reset because there is no encrypted data available . files for custom recovery environment live on rom as firmware . that is why they survive factory reset . as flashing files/updates has to do with rom , you will be allowed to do it . when it comes to nandroid backup , you can do it too , but the chunk of encrypted data will backed up in that form which can not be restored using titanium backup . yes , you could do nandroid restore flawlessly .
most samsung apps will not work on cyanogenmod because they are touchwiz-based . cyanogenmod is aosp-based . you would need to flash a stock rom , or any custom rom that is touchwiz-based .
type ' ok map ' in search box and press enter .
open contacts , tap the name of the contact you want to set the distinctive ringtone , then open action overflow menu ( the three dots ) and tap " set ringtone " , select a ringtone different to default one and tap ok .
basically , as screen lock secures your data as long as the data chip stays in the phone ( as long as debugging is disabled [ or enabled with no trusted credentials ] and the phone is not rooted ) , whereas encrypting it secures it no matter what . old answer : it is possible to access some data via usb , however other data is not accessible , plug your tablet into the computer and wee what comes up under internal storage , that is accessible ( edit : none of it if the screen is locked ) . of course given enough time a hacker in possession of your tablet could access all the data ( as long as it is not encrypted ) ( edit : for example as you suggested by removing the internal storage and reading it with a different device ) . if your tablet is encrypted none of the data can be accessed without your passcode ( if the tablet is switched off ) . if usb debugging is enabled or you are rooted it is even easier to access the data .
since you are rooted , you might be able to bypass activation permanently by killing the phone dialer app . this involves removing ( or renaming ) Phone.apk . i can at least confirm that this works on a droid 1 . definitely make sure you have a backup made prior to editing your system this way . you can rename Phone.apk with an app like root explorer , or with the terminal app by mounting the system partition as rewritable . this also works if you have set up ssh : su mount -o rw,remount /system cd /system/app mv Phone.apk Phone.apk.old pm uninstall Phone.apk  that disables the cdma adapter and gets rid of the activation screen that always comes up on boot . it should also save you a little battery life too , since it is one less app , and one less adapter turned on . you might get an error when you rename the file , but after rebooting ( forcefully , if necessary ) everything should be fine .
it is widely believed that the nexus 7 's magnetic sensor works in an almost-identical fashion to ipads ' smart cover ; i could not find direct information about the n7 , but ifixit has a great teardown of the ipad smart cover that goes into detail of how it works . the nexus 7 has a magnetic sensor that can tell when a magnet of sufficient pull force is nearby . the sensor is located under the screen near the pogo plug on the bottom-lefthand corner , estimated to be 45mm up from the bottom left corner and 15mm in from the left side .
i reinstalled cm7 on a spare htc desire to check the procedure : long press on spare space of homescreen select " widgets " select " renderfx widget " choose color ( night , red , etc . ) place widget . results in a toggle switch widget :
there are so many out there so it is very hard to say . personally i have only used rockplayer . it is very good . plays all modern media files , functions very smoothly without any hiccups . another popular one that is been getting some traction is vplayer . i do not see much different between the two . . . vplayer is new to the game so the features are still coming . personally give them a go and see what you like best .
if you used full-disk encryption , then your data will be accessible until the device unmounted the encrypted disk ( e . g . by rebooting ) and discarded the decryption key . if you store your sensitive data in encrypted container , then your data will be accessible until the application closes the container and discarded the decryption key . if you do not use any encryption , then your data is naked in the wild . many thiefs are simply interested to sell the phone to make a quick buck and so will simply reformat the phone ; but if the thief has a specific intent to steal your data ( e . g . corporate espionage , identity thief , etc ) , then you can assume that they can read all your unencrypted data . if your phone uses sd card ( instead of internal memory ) , then getting to your data in the sd card is trivial . getting data in internal memory took a little bit more effort , but is still relatively easy . a turned off device with full-disk-encryption is -- for all practical purpose -- a useless brick for your adversary .
the app drawer is a part of the launcher app , so you can replace it simply by switching to a different launcher . just install a new launcher of your choice that works the way you like .
it might marginally increase your battery life , since if the network selection is set to auto , it will periodically poll the networks to see if lte is available . since it will not find it anyway , why not disable it and restrict it to your available networks ?
you can press the right soft-key ( switch application soft-key ) . the application switcher in android 4.2 includes the notification bar , which shows if there´s a gps fix . you can press the right soft-key again to return to the camera app .
same way as on any other android device : go to the android app store of your choice ( google play , appbrain , whatever ) and search for " korean keyboard " ( currently , 376 results ) install the one you find suiting your needs there are several keyboards shipping with korean language packs , so you might as well decide picking one of those . this might possibly even come with more functionality or better usability . not explicitly asked for , but it will probably be your next question : you might have to " activate " that " input method " for the keyboard to show up , or even make it the default one . this can be done in settings → languages and input ( by " settings " i mean the android settings ) .
i am the developer . it was using the full video streams up until last week when i released version 1.8 . however it is possible that the android mediaplayer when given a video stream , does not bother to download the video too , but i doubt so . now it specifically downloads audio-only streams , however only on android 4.3+ devices . android 4.2 and lower still stream the full video because the os is not compatible with the audio only streams . to give you an idea of bandwidth consumption , a 5 minute song takes up about . . . 3mb video stream , hd audio disabled 12mb video stream , hd audio enabled 3mb audio-only stream , if your device supports it . the sound quality is about equal ( possibly a little better ) than hd audio with video . on android 4.3+ devices , the hd audio switch in settings does not really do anything . .
check this video . to remove a word press on - sign .
yes , it can . gsm and later phone protocols automatically adjust the phone 's transmit power according to the strength of the signal it gets from the cell tower . it is just like how , if you are talking to someone and you can not hear them very well ( because they are a long way away , or in a noisy environment ) , you will tend to talk louder or shout , but if you can hear them clearly ( they are right next to you ) , you will talk more quietly . the phone works the same way . of course , for the phone , " talking more loudly " means putting more power into its transmitter , so the battery will be drained faster . if you switch to a network that has cell towers further away from where you spend most of your time , your phone will be using more transmit power more often , so it will use energy more quickly . note that it is the received strength that matters ( i.e. . how much attenuation there is ) , not the quality of the signal , so you may find this happens even if you get a better signal overall . cell handover , when you move from one cell to the next one , also takes more power , and your new network 's better internet speed might be a result of having denser cells in your area , leading to more handovers . finally , the worst thing for a phone is being completely out of range , because it has to periodically transmit on the maximum power to try to get a response from a cell tower . ( this is why it is especially important to turn your phone off for a flight : once the plane gets out of cell range , all the phones will start blaring out as loudly as they can . ) it is possible that your new network 's coverage is much better at your home and your office , but during your commute , you have not noticed that you leave the service area completely , and so your phone starts draining the battery then . in summary , there are lots of factors , so it is hard to predict the effect of changing network operator , but it can have an effect . of course , that does not stop it being a coincidence in your case .
the primary purpose of easy mode is to make the customization and use of a smart phone simpler and easier ( usually for a first-time smartphone user or non-techy user ) . easy mode vs normal mode for android is quite similar to apple vs android --> apple is often simpler , but less customizable . if you just want to use your phone , easy mode will be easier for you . you will not have all of the same home screen customization options ( but then again , you might not need them ) . easy mode gives you 3 default home screens , a simpler settings menu , and a simpler camera interface . if you love customizing the crap out of your phone , do not use easy mode . you will then enjoy a full settings menu , fully customizable home screens , the full camera interface , and more . here are some resources i found for you on google ; ) http://www.samsung.com/us/support/howtoguide/n0000003/10091/120408 http://www.digit.in/mobile-phones/understanding-easy-mode-on-the-samsung-galaxy-s4-14698.html
samsung 's kies software is the official way to download and install updates . these updates are released on different dates for different countries and networks and some countries/networks do not have all updates . it may be that your network has not tested and certified the update yet , or they might not be releasing this version at all . this page lists most of the official updates available via kies for the galaxy s2 i9100 phone : http://devsrom4android.blogspot.com/2011/10/samsung-galaxy-s2-firmware-updates-via.html
to move some of system folders ( /system or /data ) , to external emulated sd card , you need to do following : firstly , /data contents ( for example ) should be placed on sdcard . initially they are loaded by emulator from userdata . img file . so you need to copy userdata . img ($EMUPATH/system-images/android-19/armeabi-v7a/userdata.img) contents to sdcard . iso . $&gt; dd if=userdata.img of=sdcard.iso i assume , that android virtual device is created . to change boot configuration , you will need to change fstab . goldfish file on ramdisk . img . if it is android 4.4 avd , then ramdisk . img could also be find at $EMUPATH/system-images/android-19/armeabi-v7a/ create a temporary folder , say ramdisk-ext $ mkdir ramdisk-ext change directory to ramdisk-ext $ cd ramdisk-ext extract the ramdisk . cpio in the ramdisk-ext folder $ gunzip -dcv ../ramdisk.img | cpio -idm modify fstab . goldfish $ gedit fstab.goldfish in such way : string #6 from "/dev/block/mtdblock1 /data ..." to "/dev/block/mmcblk0 /data ..." create new ramdisk $ find . | cpio -H newc -o | gzip -9 &gt;../ramdisk_new.img everything is done , now you need to start the emulator , with your new ramdisk and custom sdcard:$ ./emulator -avd $AVDNAME -sdcard sdcard.iso -ramdisk $EMUPATH/system-images/android-19/armeabi-v7a/ramdisk_new.img p.s. notice that in this example you can move only one of such folders ( /system or /data ) . maybe it could be changed , by creating sdcard image with several partitions .
solved : the android system is likely connected to the headset for phone calls , and some other device for a2dp ( media ) . some other device is still using the audio connection , even though the sound comes from android 's speaker ! what this means is that if you have any other a2dp devices that you have paired your android with ( laptop/stereo/etc ) then you will have to disconnect via the other device , not android . however under android 's " paired devices " list ( see image ) , the other device is not always listed as connected , even though it is ! if you manually try to un-check the " media audio " profile for the other device , it will not disconnect ! you must manually disconnect the other device outside of android . for example : if the other device is a laptop , you must disconnect the audio connection using the laptop . if the other device has no way to manually disconnect ( no buttons ) , just turn it off and use your android to connect to the correct device .
well , after accidentaly deleting my su binary , i downloaded and flashed the zip from http://download.clockworkmod.com/superuser/superuser.zip .
i have too a htc wildfire . for the live wallpaper , you can not use the htc sense launcher . you must use another launcher like adw or launcherpro . when you use another launcher , a new option " live wallpaper " will appear .
google voice is responsible for these ; they are sent by default . see in the settings : you can uncheck this box and google voice will refrain from sending you sms transcripts of your voicemails from then on . also note , unchecking the box above titled Email the message to: only prevents email transcripts , not sms ones .
when you do a factory reset/data wipe , it does not put anything back from the stock firmware . when you install a new rom , doing the reset just puts it in the " new " state for that rom . to restore back to stock , you will need to download the stock rom for your device from samfirmware ( or another place if you know of one ) . then you can use odin or heimdall to restore the device back to its original state . these are the steps that i took when i initially reverted my device back to stock ( keep in mind this was about a year ago , so the files ( version ) used probably changed , but steps should be the same . i could not give you downloads for everything because you did not say what device you have . samsung made like 8 different versions of the galaxy s . you will need the usb drivers for your device if you do not have them installed download odin download 512 pit download jfd tar note that all 3 of those are from the same thread . it also would not hurt for your to read that post too . open odin , plug in your phone , then put it into download mode . to expand on this because a lot of people were asking " how to put in download mode " . the easiest way i found to actually do it , if you can can connect via adb is to do the following : # reboot download if you can not get that to work , try how i mention below ( phone off , battery out , hold vol+ and vol- ) , or try searching these forums for " vibrant download mode " you will find other things that " work " for people load the pit file in appropriate area . load the . tar file in the pda area . do not check ' re-partition ' . click start , let it finish . hopefully odin does not fail for you here , but it did for me , dont panic at this point odin failed on me . and i got the " mobile- ! -pc " image . now , pull your battery and unplug usb i also took out the sim and sdcard at this point . bring the phone to download mode again plug the usb back in ( the phone should be off ) hold down vol+ and vol- put battery back in press power re-run odin as mentioned above ( if needed )
i have since been updated to 4.0.27 and although i got prompted after my first app update as to whether i want to auto-update next time ( no mention of wi-fi though , although i suspect this is dependent on your settings ) to which i responded " not now " , i have not been prompted since in subsequent updates for other apps . in play store-> settings-> auto update , automatic update is turned off , and has no setting for ' wi-fi only ' . in version 4.0.27 there should still be a ' wi-fi only ' setting , although it is now ( hidden ) under the " auto-update apps " sub menu . in settings , tap the " auto-update apps " option : update 2013-05-11: i have had quite a few updates for various apps over the past week and not been re-prompted to auto-update next time - that is , until today . today i got prompted , to which i tapped " not now " again . i have not been re-prompted since . perhaps it prompts once a week or every so many updates ?
each slot refers to a specific clock speed that your phone 's kernel allows ( in your case , 400mhz to 1.1 ghz ) . therefore , these clock speeds can vary between different kernels ( different values or even more slots ) . in the case of the droid x or droid 2 , you are stuck with the stock kernel due to the locked bootloader . i am more familiar with using setcpu . setcpu lets you manually choose which clock speeds you want your phone to run at . you choose a min clock speed , a max clock speed , and how you want it to scale ( ondemand , performance , etc . ) . you can also setup profiles with setcpu that allows your phone to run at certain clock speeds under certain conditions . for example , you would want to lower you clock speed when the phone 's screen is turned off . you may also want to lower the clock speed when your battery is below a certain battery % to try and pro long battery life as long as possible . if you are wanting to conserve more power , set the clock min and max clock speeds low . if you are wanting better performance , then set them higher . on my phone ( droid 1 ) , i use an undervolted kernel and typically run at a 250mhz min , 600 mhz max clock speed to conserve battery . if my answer does not fully answer your questions , leave a comment and i will try to help you further .
i have read , that even though the gt-i9000 claims to support 802.11n , it does not . i even read that if your router is set to 802.11n " only " mode , the sgs will not connect to the access point . this is why you see the device using 802.11g . i do not think you can change the channel that is used with the " built in " tether , but some of the 3rd party apps look like they let you change the channel .
according to this forum thread and this bug report , it seems that there has been a regression regarding usb modes in the kernel used in 4,3 ( the version that you posted ) . it seems that there is a problem with that kernel specifically , but nothing else in the rom , that breaks usb host mode in some cases . there are a few possible solutions : flash a different android version . an update to 4.4.2 should fix things ( as it did for you ) . flash an alternative , third-party kernel and try your luck . you mileage may vary .
look under settings > wireless and networks . you should see a vpn option . assuming you already have a vpn server running on your ubuntu machine , it should be pretty self-explanatory from there
android lets you backup settings and data for installed apps , but does not have a straightforward way to sync the actual installation of them . if you prefer not to manually search/install each app from the device itself ( it gets really tedious ) you can do what i do : 1 ) go to https://play.google.com/apps to view the apps which are already installed on one device . select the app you want to transfer over to view it is details page . 2 ) if the app is compatible with both devices ( most probably will be but not all ) click the button that says installed . 3 ) select the other device where you want to install it and click install . you will still have to repeat this for each app you want to carry across , but i have found it to be much easier to do it with a mouse in a web browser than searching/installing
you can solve this issue either from the android side or from the windows side : from the android side tap your device " menu " button , and select " settings" ; tap " wireless and networks" ; tap " wi-fi settings" ; tap your device " menu " to bring up extra options and select " advanced" ; tap " use static ip" ; fill in your local network static ip details and dns server details ; tap your device " menu " to bring up extra options and select " save " . from the windows side open the dns management ; add a new forward lookup zone for the google dns and set a host a record to your local ip .
you can not use kies with custom roms ( like cm ) , only with samsung roms .
well , i have solved the issue , though i have no idea why or how it occurred . what i did was flash the rom , including reformatting the internal storage . in the process , i have updated the tablet to ics . i will not accept this answer right away because i am not sure if someone might have experienced this recently and knows a bit more about it than i do .
it is supposed to represent a hearing aid , and it means that hearing aid compatibility is enabled . afaik , this basically just increases call volume to make it easier to hear . it should go away if you go into the call settings and disable the hearing aid option . it'll either be something like Settings-&gt;Calls or pressing the menu button on the dialer to get into the call settings ( i think it varies some ) . supporting source , second source
answer : i was using the cable that samsung provided with the phone solution : go get a usb&lt ; > miniusb cable that was provided with a digital slr a few years back and use that instead . the s4 now appears in the adb output and in kies just fine . &lt ; sarcasm&gt ; thankyou samsung&lt ; /sarcasm&gt ;
this problem was resolved by upgrading to ice cream sandwich
you are absolutely correct with your assumption a factory-reset will delete all your apps and data ( as you also can find in the factory-reset tag-wiki ) . if you want to backup your contacts and sms , i am afraid there is no native way . while the contacts you could sync with google , the same cannot be said for sms . but if you take a look at google play , searching for the string " sms backup " you will find a lot of helpful apps . depending on your preferences , they can backup to your gmail account , or do it locally . putting both things together , a good choice seems to be super backup : sms and contacts , which cares for both and can save the backup to either gmail or your sdcard . and of course it has a restore function as well . btw : on most devices , you easily can backup your contacts with the native contacts app . it supports export to/import from vcard ( .vcf ) files ( just open its menu from its main screen ) . no cloud involved . so you had only need to check for something similar for your sms , if you are concerned about privacy and want to avoid having them in the cloud .
i believe its being caused by a certain combination of buttons at the bottom of the screen . i have not found a workaround , but here is something you can do to , at least not to store images ( its not much , but something ) . it creates a directory " screencaptures " to store images in ; if you delete it , it will be simply recreated . so , instead , in the same directory , create a file with that name . every time a screen is captured , it will complain that it cannot be stored , so at least you will not have to worry about deleting those images .
because google text-to-speech is not really an app : it is a library app . that is , it does not have a user interface for you to interact with ; rather , it offers an interface to other apps to use its functionality . other apps on the phone can give text to google text-to-speech for it to speak out loud . it is up to the author of the app in question to use the facility offered by google text-to-speech : only apps that have been written to use it can do so . so if you want firefox to use google text-to-speech to read out web pages , you need to file a feature request with mozilla ( the organization that develops firefox ) asking them to support this . for the same reason , the way you use it in an app that does support it , such as google play books , is different from app to app . there might be a button or menu item to read text out , or there might be a setting to make the app read things out automatically .
you do not need to root your kindle fire for this -- as long as the following source is still valid : install android marketplace and google apps on amazon kindle fire . as that howto speaks about " android marketplace " ( and not " google play" ) , it may not be up-to-date -- but i doubt the change of the name affected the procedure of installation . a more up-to-date tutorial is install android play store on amazon kindle fire - the easiest way , but that involves rooting the device . maybe it has to do with the framework and a newer android version , which makes rooting a necessary step . edit : you may also want to take a look at these video tutorials : how to install google music / play on your kindle fire ! and gapps on kindle fire without rooting . looks like you can still have google play installed this way without rooting .
i took a chance and bought a 32 gb card , class 4 . it works . i believe it is a zap or something . this post suggests 32 gb cards work . i would rather someone on this site said so though .
photosync ( sync to picasa ) might be your choice : photosync is tool for sync photos to picasa ( google photos ) . though limited , you can sync videos too . you can also sync photos among multi devices via picasa .
sounds like os monitor might do what you want . i believe it just uses the top utility to get process info . screenshot : and note that tapping on one of the rows will expand it to show info like memory use , priority , and so forth .
have a look at the documentation ( search for http get ) . Server:Port www.example.com:80 Path path/to/file.txt  this is how you should format that request . the server is just the base of the url (www.example.com) and the path is the path to the file in the respective server ( path/to/file . txt ) .
you could use a so called " app locker " like e.g. app lock , which allow you to protect selected apps with a pattern lock . a more restrictive way would be to turn your tab into a " kiosk device " ( details can be found following the kiosk-mode tag ; just 6 questions , so it should be easy to browse ) .
by default , as soon as wifi gets connected , the mobile network shuts down -- so you cannot use both simultaneously . which means : no , even a proxy allowing for exceptions would not do , as the other network simply is no longer available . quoting from cyanogenmod tracker : each time you activate wifi you will lose 3g connection . that is normal behaviour of android network manager . there were attempts on " hacking " that , as you can e.g. find here . this source from the stanford university also makes clear on the standard behaviour : given wifi is connected , then turn on 3g data connection . 3g connection will be automatically torn down by connectivity service . given 3g is connected , then turn on wifi connection . connectivity service will tear down the existing 3g connection . except from " hacking attempts " as described by the stanford example , i know of no solution to the issue .
android does not have a built-in rss feed reader , but there are many rss feed reader apps ( and websites ) that will happily import an opml file . if you want to use a website , or an app with a website-synced back end , then google reader is very popular , and you can definitely import opml files into google reader . on your device you can then either visit the google reader webpage , or use the google reader app , or one of the other many android apps that sync with google reader . to import an opml file into google reader , click the cog/gear icon in the top-right of the page , then click reader settings and then import/export . you should then see the option to upload your opml file .
your screenshot suggests you simply uninstalled those apps . in tb , hit the menu button , select " batch processing " , scroll to the end of the list . there you will find " delete backups " . second item in that section should read " delete backups of uninstalled apps " ( or the like -- i run a localized version , was just back-translating ) . that should get you rid of those " striked " entries . for more details ( as well as solution to other tb-related issues ) , you might want to visit the titanium backup knowledge base , which provides you with a user 's guide , faq , troubleshooting tips , how-tos , and more . as for the one circled entry , the linked knowledge-base a.o. states : you can easily remove orphan data by running the “remove orphan data” batch job .
finally got it to work and it was not complicated at all . simply create a bookmark and paste the javascript into the url field . i have tried it on this bookmarklet that does a google definition search : to get it saved as a bookmark i just saved the text in evernote then copied it on my phone an pasted it in the url field of " new bookmark . " to make it even easier to access i created a custom dolphin gesture that opens it as " go to url " . now when i am browsing and i want to lookup a word i hit the gesture button and draw a " d " and it brings up a popup that allows me to lookup the word . i have only tried this on dolphin browser hd .
you should select your operator 's internet apn from the apn list to enable the mobile data network . if you do not see it , check the settings from your operator and insert it manually from that menu .
download and install the android sdk . on your handset 's manufacturer website find and download usb drivers for your device , and install them . on your phone go to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Development and enable the USB debugging option . now when connect the phone to your pc via usb , you should see the " usb debugging connected " ongoing notification . on your pc ( i am assuming windows ) start command prompt by going to start -> run , typing " cmd " and pressing enter . navigate to the " platrofm-tools " sub-folder of where you installed the android sdk ( e . g . " c:\androidsdk" ) by typing the following : cd c:\androidsdk\platform-tools and press enter . now issue the following command : adb devices and press enter . if everything was installed correctly , the adb service will start and show your connected handset 's serial number : * daemon not running . starting it now on port 5037 * * daemon started successfully * list of devices attached ht035xxxxxxxx device you can now issue the adb logcat command to review your handset 's logs in real-time . reboot while your handset is still plugged into usb ( you will need to re-issue the adb logcat command when the phone restarts ) and you will be able to see what your phone is doing during those long boot-up sequences .
easy peasy : i was using adaway ( an app that blocks ads ) and somehow its tweaking of my hosts file was not accepted by python . yay ! :d
that is not how nfc works . the n stands for " near " , and it really means that : the tag has to be touching the back of the phone for it to be read . sometimes even putting a case on the phone stops it reading nfc tags . if you want something like this , you could buy a samsung galaxy note 2 or later . these phones have a special feature using the phone 's stylus ( s pen ) , where if the phone gets more than about a metre from the stylus , it will start to bleep . it is mainly intended to stop you forgetting the stylus , but it works just as well the other way around . some newer bluetooth headsets have this feature too : the headset alerts you if it goes out of range of the phone .
resetting to factory settings removes all personal settings , data and installed apps from the phone . it does not uninstall operating system updates and does not remove apps that your manufacturer or service provider have included in the system . it also ( normally ) does not delete data from your sd card . installing operating system updates on an android phone overwrites the previous version of the android operating system and does not keep any of the old os files . it is the same as if you upgraded a windows vista pc to windows 7 , you can not go back to vista on that pc without finding the original install disks , as it has overwritten and deleted the old vista files . the only way to go back to the previous version is if your manufacturer/network has made a copy of the old os files public that you can download and install .
it looks like there is an issue with the byte alignment . i found this post : http://www.mail-archive.com/linux-omap@vger.kernel.org/msg20797.html and based on that made the following changes to drivers/usb/gadget/u_ether . c : i can now ping in both directions over the usb . if anyone knows of a better way to address this , please let me know otherwise i will go with this .
there are several rdp/vnc application on android , which can be used to " run " any windows application . what you basically need to do is fairly straightforward : setup a server or virtual machine running a windows machine install a rdp/vnc viewer on your android configure the viewer to connect to the server citrix and azure virtualization platform can be accessed by regular off-the-shelf rdp viewer . as an alternative , many open source or off-the-shelf virtualization software like virtualbox or vmware also supports rdp or vnc protocol for remote displays of their virtual machines . how to set up the server is outside the scope of [ android . se ] , try [ superuser ] or [ serverfault ] . once the server is setup , it is fairly straightforward to setup the android part , come back with a more specific question if you had trouble when you get there .
from my experience you will need to use a custom lock screen such as widget locker to do what you want . this can not be done with the stock android lock screen .
if you run xposed framework , nfc lockscreenoff enabler is your method of choice .
yes , it works . it is just a read error , but the installation is complete . on blade 2 , i had the same issue . nandbackup from cwm did not work - this is a stock rom flashed thru cwm , and it works : ) it is very likely a cwm issue .
if you go to settings -> battery ( settings -> about phone -> battery in &lt ; ics ) . you will see battery usage by everything running on your phone . if some certain application consumes very high battery , it will be listed there along with battery usage . you can then minimize use of such application .
no , they are run completely separate and exclusive from each other , not something that'll completely replace the data within your existing contacts . . . although they can be merged so that it displays one contact instead of two ( again , it still will not physically combine the data ) . that way , you can have their profile pic as a contact icon and even their birthday , phone number , email in one place if they have it on their profile . it'll try to merge automatically if the name + phone number or email from your google contact matches what they have in facebook , but it'll have to be manually merged if it does not .
there is a very useful way to bypass the activation on this model of phone . when you are presented with the activation screen ( the little android ) , press the following corners of the screen in this order : top left top right bottom right bottom left you now have the option to completely bypass activation .
to my knowledge-- all android stock browsers will keep the history forever . until the cache is manually wiped or wiped because of an ota update -- since i am pretty sure the updates wipe the cache before booting-- even still , i am pretty sure the browser 's cache is not touched in that process . i am quite certain you have nothing to worry about in terms of losing history . if you are running 4.0 . x ( i think it is exclusive to that version- you could check ) , you can get the chrome beta browser , which keeps your history in sync with your google account-- along with your bookmarks , and of course the history from any other machines you run chrome on . pretty neat .
the problem is caused because the os thinks you connected your headphones . i saw that problem in ios some years ago . use this app to solve it : wiredheadphoneroutingfix
it appears that the ice cream sandwich update for the galaxy s2 on at and t was never pushed over the air , but only via samsung kies . in order to install the update you will need to install and use kies . if you do , i strongly recommend creating a system restore point ( windows ) before installing it .
solved myself : i tried after reading a lot of stuff to tweak my router and do a firmware update and i totally messed it up and almost destroyed it . it actually will not work at all and will not be found by wireless or anything , but it was already 5 years old , so i did not mind too much , i went and bought a new one ( logilink - heard this brand for the first time , but works like a charm ) . i installed my new router ( even though it asked for some things i heard for the first time in my entire life ) and it runs on 802.11n perfectly fine for all my 3 computers and all my 3 phones . so turns out my old router was too old apparently . in conclusion , for anyone reading the question , i believe a firmware update on an old router if done properly ( in which i failed horribly ) can fix this problem , also as @matthewread pointed out in the comments mixed b and g was fairly worse than g only , so you can try this . in any case ,
it turns out that , they were all in the lost . dir folder with arbitrary names ( numbers ) -- so taking them from lost . dir folder and rename the files in that folder with.jpg extension recovers the images . for whom interested .
i have a samsung galaxy s on t-mobile , so ymmv . to use voice entry , i start the navigation application , not maps ; one of the menu options it displays is " speak destination " . navigation was not available on the phone when i first got it ; i first noticed it about a week ago ( i noticed latitude and places arrived at the same time , so might all have been part of the same push ) . edit : to get voice entry in maps , press and hold the search key , which gives you a general search . to search for a location , i use menu > search , then there is a microphone icon on the search bar . in menu > directions , you can focus on either the From or To input boxes , and again you will get the search bar with a microphone icon . if i use menu > directions to speak a location , it works as if i am doing a map search , so i have to go back and select the location again in the directions input box .
sounds like you need to delete the widget , clear the data and cache for contacts storage , re-sync , and re-add the widget . that should get rid of bad data that is likely screwing things up .
i had the force close problem the error was " the process com . motorola . service . main has stopped unexpectedly please try again " . motorola support could not solve it so they had me send it for repair . sent it to them 2x . when i got it back the 3rd time still had the problem so motorola provided a replacement phone . when i received the replacement the problem occurred again . this only left 2 possibilities , sim card ( unlikely ) and motoblur . i created a new motoblur account instead of using my existing one . problem solved .
found it . i messed around with adb logcat , adb shell dumpsys and titanium backup 's freeze feature . i have succesfully narrowed it down ( on my device ) to an app called " pullups 2.04" by " northpark " from the play store .
yes , this is fairly normal . it happens on most new devices , i have an evo and it does this constantly . if i am not mistaken , it comes from the fact that there are multiple cells in the battery , and when it reads 100% , they may not all be fully charged . thus , when the battery discharges , the first few percent goes quickly , because it was not actually charged completely to begin with . i assume you did something like this for recalibration : turn the evo on and charge it until the led indicator turns green . unplug it and turn it off . plug it back in and charge until the led indicator turns green . unplug it and turn it on . once powered on completely , turn it off again . plug it back in and charge until the led turns green . unplug it , turn it on , and use it normally . without this , i find the battery usually drops to 90% pretty quickly , but if yours is only decreasing to 97% in that time , you are probably okay . the only thing we can really do is hope that these hit it big soon .
the problem was a silly one . when you try to select a wallpaper you are given two choices : full wallpaper for the virtual desktop ( option 1 , scrollable wallpapers ) and a fixed wallpaper ( the second option ) . if you select the second option , it will ask if you want to use the same wallpaper for the lock screen . however , if you select the first one , it will not ask you anything ( because it can not be set ) — ths was the root of the problem . i am assuming that , if you do tap the " do not show this dialog again " can be reset by tapping " clear defaults " in the gallery app .
hmm , actually just tried again a few hours later and it works now . . . odd !
i had this same issue . in my case i had a bunch of words i did not want and did not realize there was the options to reset the learned words . therefore , i used the system 's application manager to clear cache and data . after doing this it broke the ribbon . no matter what i did i could not get it back . i tried just about everything , but the only way i could get it back was as follows : ( please note i am rooted ) 1 ) switch default keyboard to something else 2 ) load " titanium backup ! " 3 ) browse to the " samsung keyboard " app and " wipe data ! " 4 ) switch back to samsung keyboard and the ribbon is back ! : ) i am not sure why titanium backup ! ' s " wipe data ! " worked better than the " clear cache/clear data " from the android settings menu . i am wondering if clearing the data from the android menu a second time would have worked . i just wanted to post this information to help whoever has this issue next . it definitely can be fixed by wiping the data for just samsung keyboard ( no factory reset needed ) . i just did not narrow it down to if you need root access , and if you need to use titanium backup ! good luck !
no , you can not . those roms are intended for those devices only . flashing a rom that is not compatible with the device can brick the device . you should wait for 4.4 roms for your devices .
the problem with something like this is it is really hard to keep up . somethings are easily seen as bad , but others , are harder to judge . would you black list a twitter client that has access to your location ? that is a feature since people can attach their location to their tweets . it is not one i use , but it is one some people do . what about a note taking app that has location and camera access ? is there any use case at all for something like that needing your location or the camera ? you would need to create a standard for what is not acceptable and what is . the sad corollary is , do people installing apps really pay attention to what permissions their applications want ?
i am not aware of such an app/feature right now , but you could use the collective effect of a couple of apps to get almost the desired thing . lightning bug : this is a cool free app that has always-on display feature and shows the clock , ( and weather , etc . ) and more . screen filter : this app will allow you to reduce the brightness even lower than what the android system would allow you to . however , when you want to put your device into standby , you will need to open these apps to get the effect . also , running these apps does not mean it is in " lock " mode . i see a great potential for an app that does both of these together and also put the device into lock mode at the same time .
as far as i know , you can not transfer files over android beam , just urls/locations etc . this is because android beam does not use bluetooth or wifi direct in addition to the nfc transfer , which means that an average photo would take 30+ seconds to beam . in android 4.1+ ( jelly bean ) you can transfer files with nfc+bt , and s beam uses nfc+wifi direct .
go check " plug in music widget " at android market . it is working with google music and free .
mortplayer allows you to specify folders that should be read/ignored . note however , that if you use the default player , it will still scan and display the tracks . you might also consider adding the files into a playlist and then playing only that playlist , if you do not want other songs/files to be included .
yes . sdmaid does an excellent job of finding files abandoned by the system such as interrupted play apk downloads ( cutely called the " basement corpse finder" ) , shrinking databases and emptying your caches . it also lists files by size so you can find space hogs , etc .
according to ifixit is teardown , the nexus 7 2013 uses the qualcomm 8064 snapdragon s4 pro soc . qualcomm 's specs show that soc uses their izat gen8a gnss chipset , which according to their overview does include glonass support , though this does not necessarily mean glonass support is actually active and available in software . a simple means to test whether you have got glonass is to use gps status and toolbox and see how many satellites it shows for you . if it shows more than 13 satellites , you are getting both gps and glonass .
simply , no you can not . you can install an app that will give you another way to lock phone , like lockbot . of course , rooting will solve the problem . . .
i love it when i can give these answers ; ) simple answer : no , this is not possible . long answer : toasts are built into apps , and are low level . there is no way for 3rd party apps to catch toasts , and there is no way to view them longer . this could be possible if you made your own custom rom however .
well i kinda ' fixed it . i changed the user agent setting in my opera browser from mobile to desktop and every flv file now works . as you might expect there are side effects ( i am getting dektop sites instead of mobile sites - they are bigger , harder to use and they take up more space so they load slower ) . this will be a good work around at leas .
the answer is almost certainly yes . someone could probably get past it in one way or another . ( they could probably just use odin on a samsung device for example . though i have never done something like that myself . ) if you have sensitive data on there then a remote wipe might be the best thing . did you report it stolen with your carrier ? they could report the esn / imei as stolen so at the very least the thief probably would not be able to sell it . of course i do not know your exact situation . if you know for sure it was stolen and not lost could the police recover it from the thief ? either way best of luck to you .
this appears to be something of a bug , either in ics or the galaxy nexus ( though i am unsure which ) . unbeknownst to me , there is a " system volume " level that controls , among other things , the output of ui sound effects . this volume level does not appear to be modifiable within the normal system settings , but you can modify it with third party apps . based on this information ( which i obtained from an xda thread ) , i downloaded volume control + from the play store and launched it . the very last slider on the interface was for " system volume " , and it was set to a value of 0 . once i cranked it back up to the maximum , my ui sounds began playing normally again . i do not know what causes this to become muted inadvertently .
from settings , go to general:accounts:google : and then disable everything from being synced . as soon as this is done , the password prompt will stop popping up . after password is changed , sync can be enabled again .
it is a configuration that must be active to give you that information , usually it is used when you are driving , to prevent accidents : turn off the voice notifications : go to settings menu click on " voice input and output " option select the option " text-to-speech settings " . uncheck the driving mode setting . from the user 's manual driving mode : activate driving mode to provide audible notifications for incoming calls , messages , or event details . change alerts on call settings : settings call settings all calls alerts on call change from " voice " to " vibration " or " off " etc
i have not seen any android system supporting ntfs out-of-the-box . could be some customroms do , or there are some " root mods " . so without root , it might get hard ( though there might be some userspace mods as well , technically spoken ) . if your device is rooted , you could take a look at ntfs mounter , which might or might not support your huawai ( take care to have a backup at hand anyway until you can be sure everything works as expected ) . moreover , there was an article at xda-developers in june on full ntfs read/write support for android you might want to read : according to the op , he compiled a generic ntfs-3g driver for android that should work on all arm devices with a fuse.ko module . as it involves a kernel module to be loaded , it again requires root . and also again : it might or might not work on your device , take care for backups . a third source is paragon 's ntfs and hfs+ for android ( also available at google play ) . paragon is quite well-known with disk utilities on windows , so i would trust them to get the ntfs part right . but as you might have guessed : this tool requires root as well , plus the above mentioned fuse module . if you need more details , try the google search for " android ntfs " where i got above results from , all on page 1 ; )
if you use dialer one as your dialer or even if you install it but use the default stock dialer app , you can get to the favorites screen by long pressing a blank area of the homescreen , and from the shortcuts menu , choosing favorites .
android does not natively use any software to sync or perform syncs with your computer . it syncs with your google account services in the cloud . you can sync certain things with your computer in different ways and it all depends on what and how you are trying to sync , but generally , linux machines work just fine with android . if you want more detailed answers try being more specific about what you want to do ( sync your contacts with thunderbird , or sync you music . . . ) .
there is an application called root uninstaller pro 2.7 , with the sole purpose of allowing users uninstall either system or regular applications . to download it to your phone via wap : visit http://wap.mobiles24.com on your wap enabled handset select download by id and enter 552004 click download item other links : root uninstaller pro 2.7 android app apk google play :: root uninstaller pro ( small price )
when you reply in the same conversation , that reply should go to the same number . is it not ? check that number shown on the very top of the conversation . it is the number you are currently replying . if you click that number the contact ( or popup ) will open showing all the numbers attached to that particular contact . you should be able to choose a different number to message with this option .
navigate to Settings &gt; Application Manager &gt; All then select Reset App Preferences from the menu . try if this works , it worked for me for some other apps .
you cannot use anything but fat for the external sdcard . android will not mount the card if it is not fat .
no , it does not unzip the package every time . the dalvik-cache is where is stores the cache of the the dex ( the dalvik executables ) files . i know system apps are cached when the device is first booted , if the cache does not exist . user apps , if i had to guess , would be done when installed or first launched . after it is cached , it will not have to update that cache until the application is updated , which is why i think it happens in the install process . but it is also possible to just read the manifest from from the apk and see what version it is when it is launched . if the version is different then the version in the cache , it could re-cache it . edit i want to build on this a little . i just cleared my dalvik-cache and rebooted my device . watching the device logcat through ddms while it booted shows that it does system apps and " users " apps at boot up . the packagemanager " collects " the certs of the apk . then it unpacks the apk . the packageparser stores any permissions that the apk has . so these steps are done when the device boots ( if the apks changed since the last boot , or the dalvik-cache was cleared ) . but this same process would be completed when the apk is installed , since the packagemanager and packageparser are the ones that handle the process . edit2 this is not just the " run " process , this is what happens when the app is installed . the dalvik-cache acts as sort of the " registration " of the application . but during install , the app also registers with the system any " receivers " that it has . these are like the listeners for specific actions that happen , what type of links it handles , things like that . there is not a registry like the windows registry , but yes , the os keeps track of the applications that are installed , and the actions that can launch the application .
as far as i have read , the reason this happens is because of the android memory management , which i read was made " worse " because of a better internal task killer in 2.2 froyo . the app is being marked as not needed in memory anymore and is being killed . there are a couple things you could do to mitigate the frequency of this happening . there is an app on the market called minfreemanager which modifies some system config files to change how the memory manager divides up memory to active apps . get the app and load the preset Aggressive . hit both Apply and Apply at boot . also , you need to be rooted to do this . another thing i have seen suggested is in the launcherpro settings , go to General Settings and check the box for Keep in memory . since doing both of these things , i have seen a reduction in homescreen redraws .
you can use dropsync . it can sync any specified folder and you can setup a schedule . recent update of free version of the app removed limitation for the schedule .
downgrading to the leaked 4.1 ( official ) firmware fixes the problem . i will update this answer if i find out if it works on cm10 .
that is a soft brick , for the reasons below : handset is still powering on adb is responding handset recognizes usb cable plugged in ( how else were you able to adb ? ) handset recognizes the sdcard look at this question to see izzy 's answer on what is classified as a " brick " . something went awry there and it clobbered the recovery environment . . . mind giving a bit more details . . . ? edit from the comments below , it transpires that the op pushed over the shell binary file sh from the root of the phone , ( either overwriting it and or/had incorrect permissions ) and ended up with a " locked-out " of executing shell commands and fail . by the way , there is no way to set the permission as the sh interpreter does not have the appropriate permission for executable bit ! so executing any commands on that will fail . the only remedy is to re-flash the recovery image directly onto the recovery partition , by going into fastboot mode on the handset , usually power + volume up , armed with a fastboot binary that must be entered on either the linux 's terminal or windows 's cmd , i.e. two operating system environments , choose one of your own preference : linux sudo fastboot flash recovery recovery.img  windows fastboot-win flash recovery recovery.img  that will restore the recovery environment and then the shell interpreter should work from within adb shell session next time recovery gets booted into .
yes , there is a way to do so in the mobile app . i am using facebook app version 1.8.1 on a motorola droid 3 . the process i did to set a picture as my profile picture was as follows : started facebook at the top left there was an icon with 3 horizontal dashes that brings up the different sections of facebook , i browsed down to the " photos " section under apps . i selected a photo out of my list of photos ( it would not let me select the option on anyone else 's photo ; so i assume it must be one uploaded into your account ) . i used my phone 's physical menu button to open the facebook menu . i hit the " more " arrow button to list more options in the menu . one of these extra options was to " make profile picture " it may be slightly different on your device ; however it is possible to do this in the latest facebook version on the desired photo .
i found that the following sequence works : while on , run adb reboot recovery from command line . this will restart into standard android recovery . ( if your device is not seen , start at #2 and come back . ) take battery out . unplug usb . hold power down for 10 seconds . ( someone theorized it discharges the capictors . ) plug usb cable in . put battery in . this starts the phone up automatically for some reason . it then loads clockwork recovery automatically . i do not know why this works and clockwork recovery did not provide a standard method to start . this would work in the middle of a failed install of cyanogenmod . after a flash to a stock sbf rom , it no longer worked .
if your phone is actually a developer phone supplied through google ( and not a consumer phone bought through a phone company ) then you have actually got an adp2 , not a magic , beware of that when looking for roms as they are some subtle differences in the hardware . official adp2 images are hosted by htc at http://developer.htc.com/ but only up to android 1.6 for adp1 and adp2 . if you do actually have an htc magic ( aka mytouch 3g ) then depending on your phone company there are official froyo releases for the magic which have been pushed out ota by some phone companies , see this previous question for more info when will my phone get the android 2.2 update ( froyo ) ? . if going for unofficial roms then be careful again as there are ( at least ) two hardware variants of this with incompatible roms , the magic a , and magic b .
most apps , if not all , have the Show Notifications checkbox . i suppose you will just have to go through all your apps , and see which one was unchecked and check it again .
/system is almost always read-only by default . just remount it as r/w : # mount -t ext3 -o rw,remount /dev/block/mmcblk0p25 /system  there is also at least one app that will attempt to do this for you , but it may not work on all devices . another option is to use adb root ( if your rom will allow it ) to restart adbd as root , then simply issue adb remount . on roms where adbd is already running as root , the first command is unnecessary and adb remount will work right off the bat . from a pc : C:&gt; adb root * Some response about success * C:&gt; adb remount Remount succeeded  as to why it is getting blown away , is your device nand unlocked ? many htc devices will attempt to restore their /system partition to a stock state if they are nand locked , making changes to /system fleeting at best . that is something of an educated guess , but the fact that you noted that you are using visionary to temproot seems to support that hypothesis .
if you are rooted , install autorun manager . make sure you have busybox installed and use Advanced Mode of autorun manager . it displays all receivers of an app as well as intents to which receivers are registered . from there , you can disable a receiver of an app , too . but , you had need pro version if you want to disable more than two receivers .
if you are getting ics update from device manufacturer , its ok to upgrade . it'll be usable on small screen because you will not get bare vanilla rom . . manufacturers put their own skins over it . so , if sony ericsson is pushing upgrade to xperia mini , their custom skin would take care of usability . other than this , you will get performance boost with ics upgrade . there're other benefits , too . so , i would recommend you to upgrade . best of all , would you like to be out-of-date ?
there are many that seem to be " standard " , but they can also be added by individual applications ( e . g . provider-installed ) . check out http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=540483 for a method to extract telephony codes from your installed apps .
as an owner of the mini st15i , the answer is yes , it does have the automatic flash for camera in which it can be turned off if the need arises .
try this : on the messaging app , ( without opening any thread ) , tap on the menu key and go to settings . scroll down to multimedia message ( mms ) settings section and turn off " auto-retrieve " next time you view the message , the message will display a download button . make sure your mobile data is on , and tap on the button . the image will be retrieved and displayed inline on galaxy s .
gentle alarm . seems a little complex at first with profiles and alarms , but it rocks . the best feature is the one that allows you to skip alarms set to go off without actually turning off a configured alarm . i use that feature all the time . you have to pay for it , but its worth it . there was a comment about the concern of gentle alarm 's internet usage , below is what i found on the dev 's forum : i need internet access to allow users to send me information if they choose so . unfortunately , there are no conditional permissions . so even if you always decide not to send me any information when a crash happens , i still need the permission . there are two more reasons for internet permission : if you paid via paypal , you have to enter a key to unlock the app . this key is checked at some point when you are online every 3 months . and for market users such as system is coming . google recently added a licensing scheme as a minor step against piracy and you will start seeing this used in more and more apps . the app needs to call google servers to check if the license is valid . results are cached so that the app also works if online for extended periods of time . the latter two reasons are unfortunate . but for every legal copy i sell , there are more than 3 illegal ones out there . there are even some people who bundle apps and sell them at a discount . piracy has gone out of hand and if developers do not earn money with their apps , there will be fewer quality apps in the future . i will gladly discuss any concerns you may have .
you may get what you want , if you find a model that includes this functionality already ( like e.g. the older archos g9 tablets did ) but it will not work out of the box for most models . there is the autopatcher project ( thread on xda ) that enables 3g dongles for modem-less tablets ( but it is limited to certain custom roms like cyanogenmod , aosp , rooted google stock android and others ) . regarding the power question : that is up to the exact model and you will need to find out by trial and error or get that info from searching google/specs/etc . the same applies to your last question ( but in general , those tv sticks are built to be plugged in and out and need to survive sudden power losses just as phones need to because they tend to run out of battery juice ) .
there is no " standard non-htc " version of android , your device needs custom drivers and therefore a customized version of android . if you install a custom rom it will most certainly be pre-rooted . you should check xda 's desire hd development subforum for custom roms . read a few threads and decide on one that sounds good , then follow the instructions to flash it . if there are no instructions then just put the rom . zip on your sd card , reboot into clockworkmod recovery , and follow the menus to flash it .
you need to flash this google apps ( gapps ) from this site here . installing just one apk for play store will not suffice and will fail as it has dependencies on other components that makes up gapps .
htc provide ota-update to 2.2 for htc desire . you do not need any special ( root or goldcard ) to update your phone . just connect your phone to wi-fi or 3g
you should try tasker for simple interface and quick setup . if you are willing to do something by code and very specific , a good alternative is onx by microsoft , you can write your code to do exactly the things you wanna do . also there are some ready recipes that you can quickly setup .
the minimal requirements for building an android app are usually the android sdk and ant . then , you are able to build the majority 1 of projects with the following steps . if there is no build.xml generate it android update project -p . -n $project_name -s then build the project with ant debug which will create an .apk signed with your debug key . all other dependencies range from the used vcs ( e . g . git ) , over the required 3rd party libraries , up to other required build tools ( e . g . android ndk ) . 1 why did i write majority ? because there is no definitive answer for such a question , as it simply depends on the used build system and the overall build setup of the project . let 's have a look at f-droid 's metadata , which is a big database of build recipes for foss android apps . you will find that there are many ways how an android app can be build . for example goo.TeaTimer has a very clean and short build recipe , namely none , which defaults basically to f-droid using ant debug to create the .apk . on the other hand , org.transdroid.full requires a few more steps to create the .apk: first the transdroid core library needs to be created , that is the ant -f ../lib/build.xml line in prebuild , then options are disabled with the sed command . now the final .apk can be built .
the upgrading to 10.2 from 10.1 page links to a flashable zip with the photosphere enabled camera app . that link appears to currently be broken . here is a working link . after flashing , the camera app has the ability to take photospheres .
sent it back for repair . main board was exchanged and now it is working fine with the latest version . just bad luck i guess .
deriving from the link given in comments : answer by richard you are not able to play the high resolution videos in your mobile . your device should be able to handle videos up to 640*360 , this is the resolution of hq youtube . note that there is absolutely no point in watching hd videos on your phone . it has a screen resolution of 240 x 320 . anything above this will be scaled down to fit the screen . comment by ce4 in general , hd videos need to be decoded by a specialized companion chip ( h264 decoder ) because the cpu is not powerful enough . for price reasons , only a subset of h264 's features may be supported leaving you without hd support
the honeycomb 3.2 update for logitech review fixed this .
can you replace the pwd symbolic link with a script that just runs ' busybox pwd ' ? or would an alias work ?
i was able to blacklist the messages by pressing and holding over the " conversation " in the list and selecting " add to blacklist . " this removed the messages and i have not gotten any new nag messages from them since .
looks like this is a pretty common problem . one of the comments in the second link says that you need to change /sdcard to /mnt/sdcard . apparently android 2.2 changed the way the sdcard is mounted and the error you are receiving comes from /sdcard being a symbolic link in 2.2 rather than an absolute path . http://code.google.com/p/swiftp/issues/detail?id=86 http://code.google.com/p/swiftp/updates/list
when you first install an application that can handle the same intent as another application install ( for the sake of this example , let 's say a home launcher , but this works for any similar apps ) , then the first time you had press the home button ( which calls an intent to go to the home screen , which you now have 2 apps that could handle it ) , you will get a selection screen of applications that can fulfill that intent and you will have the option to set one of them as default . if set an application as default and you no longer wish to use that application as default you can either uninstall the application or you can go to settings --> applications --> manage apps --> go to the app in particular --> and click on " clear defaults " . this will reset the default application for that intent , so the next time you had press the home button you would again get a selection of home launchers to choose from .
the refund button on the play store is only available for 2 hours ( although google 's support pages say 15 minutes ) . from your question it sounds like you may be the developer of the app , in which case you can manually refund the purchase regardless of when the app was purchased via your google wallet merchant account . i do not think this actually reverses the purchase ( they can still install and use the app ) but the cost of the purchase is refunded to the user .
summing up from the comments , and adding a little . directory structure there is no complete documentation for the entire cards structure , that seems not to be fixed . however , some directories seem to be more or less common : the developers guide suggests app specific data should be stored below /sdcard/Android/data/&lt;package_name&gt;/files/ ( &lt;package_name&gt; represending the name of the package the data belongs to , which looks like com.example.android.app ) , and /Android/data/&lt;package_name&gt;/cache/ for external cache files ( basically , this corresponds to the /data/data/&lt;package_name&gt;/ directory on internal storage ) same source recommends a bunch of directories to store files intended to be shared among apps . all of those directories are located in the root of the card , and include : Music/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as user music . Podcasts/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as a podcast . Ringtones/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as a ringtone . Alarms/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as an alarm sound . Notifications/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as a notification sound . Pictures/ - all photos ( excluding those taken with the camera ) . Movies/ - all movies ( excluding those taken with the camcorder ) . Download/ - miscellaneous downloads . excluding directories from media scan if you wish to exclude a directory from the media scan ( i.e. . from being indexed for the gallery ) , you can place a file named .nomedia there . this will tell the media scanner to skip this directory ( including all files and subdirectories ) from a scan -- thus neither images , nor audio or video files stored here will turn up in the gallery . you however can still access them by looking them up manually . up to my knowledge , there is no way to restrict this to a certain media type ( i.e. . having the media scanner index audio/video , but skip images ) . important : note the " dot " at the beginning of the file name ( making it a " hidden file" ) . this must be included with its name .
Settings -&gt; Wireless and Network -&gt; WiFi Settings , hit the menu button , and choose advanced . however , it appears this does not support user authentication . i can not find a solution online , either : ( . the question i marked as a duplicate may be of some assistance , though your version of android may be too old for any of this .
i do not think it is possible to re-lock the bootloader of a atrix 4g . you should read this too
ubuntu running on one computer is really no different from ubuntu running on another computer , whether one of the computers is called a " phone " or not :p things to consider for your applications : does this application rely on specific video libraries ? no existing android phone has an ati video chip , for example , as far as i am aware . does this application rely on specific input methods or other hardware ? not all android devices support peripherals . of course , most have bluetooth so ubuntu should be able to manage a bluetooth keyboard , for example , but i am not sure whether a phone 's bluetooth stack could be so different as to not work in ubuntu . does this application rely on the x86 architecture ? most ( all ? ) android devices use the arm architecture . i would suspect that emacs would be fine if you compiled it for the chipset of whatever device you used . ruby might be more complicated -- maybe it relies on specific x86 instructions , i have not really studied how interpreted languages work in that regard -- but maybe not . you are making me want to try ubuntu on my phone so i can better answer these questions :p
this post helped me : since firmware version 4.1 ( jelly bean ) , the memory became partitioned : roughly 2gb for apps , the rest became mass storage . the problem did not exist in ics or earlier . to free up some space , dial *#9900# in standard dialer ( called phone ) and select option 2 " delete dumpstate/logcat " in the prompted menu as for making more than 2gbs available for applications , here 's an instruction on re-flashing firmware which re-partitions internal storage , allowing up to 12gbs of internal storage for applications .
i believe this is simply because android puts the wifi to sleep to save power when the screen is turned off . you can try setting the wifi sleep policy : Settings &gt; Wireless &amp; Network Setting &gt; Wifi Settings &gt; Press Menu button &gt; Advanced &gt; Wifi sleep policy to Never and see if your problem still persists . alternatively though , instead of having your server ping your phone , i think it will be easier for the phone to " ping " ( or make a http request or through other methods ) the server when it is connecting to your wifi network . your application can register to the system to receive a broadcast intent when certain wifi events occurred .
you should go to settings -> security and check the option : unknown sources ( or something like that ) . then your tablet would allow you to install apps from everywhere .
the current best , known solution is to use " adbwireless " to connect the device with one 's computer over a network . be careful to connect both devices to the same network . if you do not have access to a wireless network , the . apk can be transferred in harddrive mode after exporting the project from eclipse . however , this route does not allow use of adb for logging , debug mode , or any other tools . ( see application " alogcat " if logcat logs are wanted ) if anyone finds other solutions , please edit this answer .
the su binaries are not included with the original distribution of android , because they are not used at all by any stock system functions . obviously , there are those of us that like to be able to do those things ; ) most rooting processes take care of this , but some leave it out . hence the file @matthew read linked to should take care of your problem , if you follow the process he outlined : ) if you had like to read more about it , you can visit the superuser website and find more downloads there , although the link posted supports eclair , froyo , gingerbread , honeycomb and ice cream sandwich . so it should cover you : )
the answer is data2sd what does it do ? it basically tells android to use the ext2 partition ( once available ) on the sd card as internal storage , together with hd2 's internal memory . this way you can get up to 4gbs . how to install ? as specified in the forum , you can grab the recovery zip ( check topic if link goes down ) and install it in recovery . it is not that straightforward . if that is your first time , i suggest to : make a backup of the sd card on pc , laptop , tablet or cloud , because it is going to be wiped insert the card in hd2 , boot in recovery ( keep HOME down during htc logo ) . some roms allow you to reboot in recovery , some apps allow you to with one click : choose your favourite option from clockwork recovery , choose the option to partition sd card ( Advanced -&gt; Partition SD Card ) , and choose your partition size . with card > = 8gb , i recomment 4096mb once finished , power off , remove the card and copy the recovery zip you downloaded on the card . also restore your previous backup insert the card , boot recovery again and choose the option to install a zip from sd card , then choose that file and confirm reboot android . you are done ! ! how does it work ? when you partition the sd card , android creates a swap partition ( that works like in linux , do not forget it is just plain linux kernel ) and an ext2 partition of the size you just chose in the end of the card . the first part of the card is partitioned with a fat32 partition for easy interoperability , because windows and other oses only mount the first partition in a removable drive , if they can mount it . data2sd is basically an init script ( running on system boot ) that mounts this ext2 partition as the /data directory of the system . credit to user Anurag pandey@xda-developers
things that would be cleared are anything that is not saved , open applications , etc . for example , if you were playing a game , and just pressed the home key the game would go to the background and be paused . when you restart your phone , you will lose that game ( up until the last point it saved ) . other things that you leave half finished , such as an unwritten email might get lost , but even that is unlikely because i notice android pretty much makes sure i never lose anything . it is not a bad idea to restart your device once in a while , but you really do not have to worry about losing anything . it is safe .
there are two levels of technical reason why this would not work . not all mobile phones allow the software to control the audio that gets sent over a voice call : the microphone feeds directly into the cell radio . this is the same reason that apps to record calls or play sound over calls do not work on every phone . gsm lossily compresses the sound signal using methods that are specifically designed to work with voice . if you were to try to send arbitrary data ( such as an encrypted signal ) over gsm , it would come out garbled at the other end . if you want to make a phone call that your carrier can not eavesdrop , there are apps available to do this , but they work over wireless internet , not over gsm ( i.e. . they use data not voice ) .
the samsung rom does not have the stock aosp dialer and contacts app . it has touchwiz themed dialer and contacts app . this is one of the most glitchy and slowest of dialer apps out there . try the swipe dialer if you care to . it has good reviews and seems to be working fine across the board . another option will be to port aosp dialer as in cyanogenmod . this is advanced stuff and you will need knowledge of adb . try it out if you want . the easiest way out is to flash a custom rom . try cyanogenmod , aokp , paranoid android , etc . there are several others too . try xda developers forums for more in depth info .
the galaxy y gt-s5360 simply does not have backlighting for its capacitive buttons ( source 1 , source 2 ) whereas the ace does - there is nothing you can do .
i had similar problem when i first tried installing a custom rom ( cyanogenmod ofcourse ) on my zte blade phone . everytime i tried to install the custom rom and getting the success message , it asked me to restart the phone but after restarting it again turn back to the stock rom . i researched a lot and found a pretty simpler solution ; i rooted my device using z4root app and then installed custom recovery ( clockworkmod recovery ) on it ( this custom recovery is device specific many a times , so first ensure if clockworkmod recovery is compatible with your galaxy s3 ) now after your phone get rooted and have a custom rom installed , you will be able to install your custom rom on it by booting into the recovery . feel free to ask me futher if you find difficulty at any point and i will be happy to elaborate the steps further . cheers !
you can only delete specific visited pages while going through the complete browser 's history . i asked because you can not actually delete any visit while they are filtered out by a search query . i think this should be allowed as a feature because if you had a big history you would need to spend an unimaginable amount of time to delete a very old entry while browsing it completely .
everything i have seen suggests you can only do it if your phone is rooted . here 's a tutorial for those with rooted phones .
yes . the galaxy nexus will accept no more than 4.5w of power ( 0.9a @ 5v ) from a charger , regardless of what the charger is capable of supplying . this is not a whole lot , so doing stuff will cut down on the amount of power available to charge the battery and it is actually possible to run down the battery while you are plugged in . testing by a guy on reddit showed peak power draws from the battery of over 5w when using google maps , so you had end up using the entire charger supply to power the hardware , and another 0.5w drawn from the battery .
the app locker gives you more access , and is working against the system rather than with it . almost by definition , it is much less secure . an app locker might keep out the casual user , but not anyone who knows what they are doing . unless it blocks new apps by default , sideloading would be a problem . depending on the device that may be enough to root it ( if you are not already ) and then they can more or less bypass/remove anything on the device . adb access is a risk in both cases but the ability to interact with the device may provide some other options . i agree with admartian that encryption is the way to go . using a lock screen plus an app locker is better than using only one of them , as well .
android 2.3.3 was ( on all devices i am aware of ) vulnerable to the gingerbreak exploit , which used a software hole in android to gain root permission and therefore does not require wiping your device . superoneclick provides this as one of its root methods , making it a popular choice for rooting versions 2.3 to 2.3.3 of gingerbread .
this is apparently not possible with android 2.2 on motorola droid .
i am pretty sure that while adb push works to get the files there , it is not the supported way to get media files onto your android device . this means that it does not set the flag that tells the media scanner that new media which needs it is meta-data indexed and added to the media library has arrived on your device . one way to force the media scanner to rescan your storage is to just run an app like rescan sd after you have copied the files over .
i have not looked exhaustively at the filesystem itself ( did not use adb shell or anything ) , but i am fairly positive the warning is just a generic message that shows up whenever you clear data for an app or system service . i tried a couple of different apps and services and always saw the warning . after clearing my media storage data and unmounting/remounting my sd card i had : all of my music still available ( after it had a chance to rescan ) my google music account still set up and properly linked my ringtone still set to the correct song on my sd card all other accounts and settings normal so basically , everything excepting the actual list of songs on my sd card was retained , and the list was refreshed after i remounted the sd card , as far as i can see . other than clearing media storage data , the only other thing i have tried to get my music to update is just unmounting and remounting the sd card ( or using an app like sd rescan to do it for you , as mentioned in the other question ) . i have personally had kind of mixed results with this , but the clear data then remount cycle always seems to work .
according to a few reports floating around the web , including this one from bgr this is a known software bug which google is working to correct . i get them on my gn occasionally as well and in my experience it is 100% random , so i do not think there is anything we can do to avoid them .
no . a system app has to be either installed by root or signed with the same key that signed the rom image .
it is actually quite simple just hard to figure out . install a file manager app ( astro , inka file manager ) using a file manager app navigate to sdcard > media folder create a new folder place all your photos into that newly created folder . it may take some time but eventually the new photo album will appear inside htc 's gallery app .
this might have something to do with a feature of mms called content adaptation . your operator 's mmsc ( multimedia messaging service center ) determines if the data sent is in a format supported by your handset , and if not , transcodes it into another format . this can cause some problems between different devices and operators . for example , my android receives single images from other android phones as 10 second videos where 1st half is the image and 2nd half is the message . at least here in finland , the behaviour i described is pretty standard and has happened since the days mms was made available and people are used to it ( as far as i know ) . do not know about at and t , but i would suspect there will not be any changes in the near future .
you can not change the text size in google maps , because the whole map , including the labels , is retrieved from google 's servers as an image . ( in fact , they are lots of small images called tiles . for this reason , using a different app that embeds google maps will not help at all : they are all just displaying the same tiles . if you want a map that looks different , you will need to use an openstreetmap-based app . openstreetmap ( osm ) is like the wikipedia of maps : it is a free , open map of the world maintained and updated by volunteers . since the raw map data are available for anyone to use , there are some osm apps that generate the map image on your device , instead of downloading tiles from a central server . such apps have more options for customizing the map to suit your needs , so while i do not know off-hand of one with text size options , this starting point might help you to find one .
i think i already posted this in another answer -- but i do not remember where . as i think it where different details that time ( more a general " what consumes most" ) , here some details from a reference motorola droid . data taken from a german article named energiesparplan ( heise is a very famous technology publisher in germany ; google translate version here ) : guess this definitly answers the question . though the values may vary between devices , relations should roughly match .
i did this for myself by navigating to settings > storage , tap on the misc category , select the ~4 gb linux image and use the trash icon to delete it , but this will probably vary depending on what device you use .
you would need a custom rom that supports moving apps to the ext3 partition . i would recommend searching the development section of xda-developers forums for your handset for such a rom . if a rom does not support apps2ext natively , you can try your luck with a script ( example for htc dream/magic here ) that can be installed on top of another rom . [ edit ] : just adding stuff from my comments to the answer . if you are on android version 2.2 and above , you can use the built-in " apps-to-sd " functionality to move apps to sd card . go to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications then tap on any app and under the " storage " section tap the " move to sd " button . after a few seconds you will see the button 's name change to " move to phone " and size of the app decrease significantly . this method is not without drawbacks . first off , an app needs to be explicitly coded to support this functionality . second , widgets and apps that run as a service ( e-mail , virtual keyboards , weather notifications , etc . ) do not work when moved to sd , and must reside on the phone 's internal memory . furthermore , not the entire app moves to the sd card . a part of it stays on the phone , along with its cache and data/settings . if you have a phone with a small amount of internal app storage , using the built-in apps-to-sd will just prolong the inevitable " out of memory " errors . the apps2ext scripts resolve most of these shortcomings . it " fools " the phone into thinking that the ext2/3/4 partition is part of the phone 's internal memory . this means that widgets and services will work just fine with this method . also , since you can make your partition as large as you wish ( recommended not to exceed 2gb ) , the space issues disappear . the scripts also provide options for moving caches and data to the ext partition in order to free up even more internal memory . the drawback of the apps2ext method is that it is well , a hack . first off , your phone needs to be rooted . second , you will no longer be able to un-mount and remove the sd card from the phone , since all of the apps ( including system ones ) reside on the ext partition . third , you are putting a lot more strain on the sd card from increased writing , which may shorten its lifespan . finally , as with any hack it may make your phone less stable .
you might need to clear the cache of the download manager . go into : Settings -&gt; Apps -&gt; All (tab) -&gt; Download Manager  here tap Clear cache and for good measure Clear data
if your phone has a menu hard key , like most samsung phones , the three-dots icon for an overflow menu will not appear . press the menu key instead , and settings is the bottom item on the menu .
no . the blogger images showed up because they are hosted in picasa which is integrated into the android gallery . but as a workaround you could host your images on picasa and link to them from your blog .
if you have clock app available in your android jelly bean , open it and set alarm with silent ringtone and you chek the box to vibrate . in jelly bean 4.2.1 the silent ringtone is there . if you do not have , install es file explorer , record some silent ringtone and set it with es explorer .
lg 's site is terrible so it took me a while to find , but you can get the drivers for the thrill from here : http://www.lg.com/us/support-mobile/lg-p925
look in settings-> accounts most likely you will have an account there for facebook . there may be settings for that account that allow you to choose what gets synced . otherwise if you do not need any of it , delete the account . it will not running in the background updating facebook statuses for those contacts . . . should help with battery life , memory , etc . hope this helps .
it depends on router to router , like i have a belkin router , in which i can set up mac address filtering . to set up this , open your router default page ( might be 192.168.1.1 or 192.168.2.1 ) . if it asks for password and username , first try leaving it blank , if this does not log you in , try putting admin in both user name and password , if this does not log you in , contact your isp ( internet service provider ) . then go in the firewall settings and then find mac address filtering . then add the mac address of the device you want to be allowed in the given fields . only the devices whose mac address has been entered , can connect with the router . you can manage all this via your mobile . if you post your router model number and company ( located at the bottom of the router ) , i can tell you if your router supports filtering or not .
the device goes to sleep when the screen is off and no background services are doing anything ( such as checking for mail ) . when this happens , the wi-fi chip in the phone can go into a low-power state . this saves power while the device is asleep , but has some costs:- next time the device wakes up it'll take an extra fraction of a second to turn the wi-fi back on , making the tablet less response when you turn the screen on . if the device wakes up to perform a background task ( such as checking for mail ) , that'll take slightly longer too , and use more power . that is , the device uses less power while asleep , but waking it up costs slightly more : like the trade-off between keeping the engine in your car running , or stopping it and using more fuel/battery to restart it later . any apps with " push " features ( using google cloud messaging or similar ) will not work while the device is asleep . that is , you will not get google hangouts messages , or notifications from gmail , while the device is asleep . if those costs are fine for you , leave the setting off to allow the wi-fi chip to go to sleep when the rest of your phone does . otherwise , turn the setting on to keep the wi-fi on all the time .
highly doubtful . if the phone is using google play services , which every manufacturer must use and agree to a strict set of terms and conditions if they want their device to access the google play store , then chrome will be installed . it is one of google 's key apps , along with gmail , maps and so on .
if you update via android 's over-the-air ( ota ) update , you will lose root . you will need to re-root again if you want root access ,
you phone should light up when you activate it . when an internal process either stops or wakes up you phone ( like you said to start data transfer ) or on other actions the lights can light up . when a process crashes my phone lights up the control keys too , usually with a buzz .
there are 2 potential solutions . one , when you use perform task you can pick the priority of the task your asking it to run . if you set the priority the same or higher than the current task ( a good way to do this is to specify '%priority + 1' ) , the new task will completely execute before the current on resumes . if you set the priority of the task lower than the current task 's priority , the current task will finish before the new task starts . since i have had mix results with the use of priority could add a wait until after the preform task . example : 1. WAIT UNTIL MIN: 1 UNTIL: %Done IS SET  the variable , %done , is set at the last line of the task you called . you can set %done to anything but one it is set the 1st task will know it is okay to continue . if you have any further problems feel free to come back and ask more question . if my answer does solve your problem please remember to make it as answered and to upvote my answer . i only ask since i am new and i am trying to build up my reputation . thanks , hope it all works out .
fring or nimbuzz apps from the market place both allow you to do voice calls using gtalk .
you can try using ical import/export . it looks like it should be able to export your calendar data . it will allow you to export your calendar ( s ) to ical files . i have not actually tried the application , so i am not sure if it uses the local calendar database on the device , or it it attempts to connect directly to google calendar .
updating via kies eventually worked . the trick to getting kies to connect to the device is to turn off usb debugging on the device .
my galaxy s vibrant has 16 gb internal sd storage , and Settings -&gt; SD card and phone storage reports 12.78 gb . i would assume the ~3 gb difference is due to the reported size being actually in gib , not gb , and partitioning ( the internal data partition is 1.84 gib as reported by titanium backup ) and formatting . the numbers work out , anyways . given that 8 - 5.01 is also ~3 , i would say that you have an 8 gb model on your hands . checking with titanium ( requires root ) or something else might be a good idea .
a copy is locally stored , so these contacts are also available when there is no current data connection .
this is most likely some app utilizing google services . you do not show the details screen to be reached when tapping the graph on top of your first screenshot . please check there , and cross-check with how to deal with ( orphaned ) wakelocks ? -- the " keep awake " of your second screenshot suggest wakelocks as the " source of evil " . the part what if it is the android system itself ? should help you track the issue down further . another possible -- no , very likely candidate is found in another question i just stumbled upon : google services is killing my battery by keeping phone awake . sound familiar ? ; )
go over to your messaging app , press the options button/menu button ( depends on the device ) . a short list will pop-up including options like search , drat messages , delete , etc . one of these options should say ' configuration messages ' or something similar . this is where the cp messages you receive are stored . i am not sure as to what purpose they serve ( they seem to vary from lists of mms to browser settings ) , but that is where all of them are .
i see 3 solutions for you : you can use quickshortcutmaker ( or any similar ) application to add launcher to any installed application ( or android activity ) . not sure if it helps , but you can check your launcher 's settings . there should be item " hidden applications " ( or similar ) . install and use another launcher .
yes . on the home screen , hit the option button , then go to preferences > appearance settings > hide icon labels and check the box .
have you tried doing a factory reset ( you will lose all data ) ? steps to do a factory reset are found here .
no , not easily . one of the side-effects of using google services , is that all the google services link together in the back-ground . this can be incredibly useful in some cases ( if i google for a bar 's address on my desktop pc , my phone will later offer me directions and estimated travel time to that bar on a google now card ) . some can be spooky . having said that there are ways around this , the easiest is that just because you have an android phone , does not mean you are limited to using google 's services , one of the strengths of android is all the choices you have : you could get your apps from amazon 's app store , instead of the play store you could sync your mail , contacts and calendar with an imap server , instead of gmail , or you could install yahoo 's apps or microsoft 's apps and use those instead . or alternatively you could create a second google account , add it to your phone and use that account for the apps/services that you had rather keep separate from the apps/services that you use " as you " . have a look through the google-account tag for some hints on how to set up another account and swap apps from using one account to another .
that is a pretty well known " feature " . do not worry , your data is backed up there – it only does not restore . and you cannot even really delete it there . so in some way , it is " safe " . . . things you might want to look up in this context : what exactly is synced with google ? underlines what i have said before , and also shows you ways to check what is " synced " google backup : multiple devices using the same account - what happens on restore ? plenty of details on how that " google cloud backup " works ( and sometimes fails ) what info does google backup ? well , the title says it all : ) issue 17354: " automatic restore " rarely works , and then only partially what i already indicated above , and most likely the answer to your current issue . note that this ticket was opened in june , 2011 – and still has the status " new " . one of the comments also includes a possible work-around : here 's what i did that worked . i factory reset the device ( again ) , and then at the very first screen ( where you choose the language ) , i turn it off . i put in a difference sim card , turn it on and then proceed with the normal setup . this worked for my nexus 4 . heise on undeletable wifi passwords ( german ) if you do not believe me about " undeletable backups " , this is my reference . the article is in german , and the publisher ( heise verlag ) is one of the most famous and most trusted sources here in germany , concerning it topics . there are many many more references i could give , but that would be a bit much for here . so a last hint : check the " linked " and " related " question links on the ase q and as i have linked here .
apparently yes . the archos smart home phone is an android phone priced at £130 in the uk : http://www.androidcentral.com/archos-smart-home-phone-now-available-get-android-your-landline although the reviews on amazon uk arent very good : http://www.amazon.co.uk/archos-501809-smart-home-phone/dp/b005h0m8lw binatone ihome phone idect with dect and android technology http://www.amazon.co.uk/binatone-ihome-phone-android-technology/dp/b004ebv1gi currently unavailable ( maybe its that good )
after looking through the help file and through astro quite a bit , alas , i believe the answer is no . while it does allow for editing , the only option for creation is directory ( folder ) creation , as you pointed out . that being said , i think this would be an excellent feature , and might be worth suggesting to the developers . i know you said you did not want other apps , but to show one directly with the feature . . . this is x-plore file manager
short answer : no . long answer : adb install is a " shortcut " that is equivalent to open a shell ( using adb shell ) and type pm install . pmstand for package-manager and his behaviour is the same as other package manager in other linux distributions ( like aptitude in debian or pacmanin arch linux ) except that pm does not fetch package from a distant location . the play store is an application like others , and we can not call android applications like we call a program like a c or " normal " java program , because the .apk file is not actually a binary , but a simply zipped package . it is the dalvik virtual machine ( sort of equivalent to the java vm ) that deals with running applications . the play store application simply download the application you want and then run pm install on the package downloaded .
from a gnu/linux-based os , you can use heimdall , an open-source alternative to odin which is proported to match odin feature-for-feature while also being more reliable . otherwise , you can follow any of the many tutorials for installing a new android rom . i will provide a bit more information to help you start your journey : if you want a custom rom like cyanogenmod or any of the dozens which are available in precompiled packages for specific devices , then you will need to use heimdall to flash a custom recovery image ( twrp or clockworkmod recovery ) . the zipped rom images are flashable through these recovery modes . if you want stock , samsung android/touchwiz then you can use heimdall to flash over the entire android image from samsung . ( google around to find the one for your model ) if you want to compile android yourself , you will likely want a custom recovery image ( twrp or clockworkmod recovery ) and you can download the android source code or if you want to modify existing custom roms , you can download their respective source and compile it yourself . you had need to hunt down some in-depth android compiling tutorials in order to do this , as it is not a simple process . note : before flashing anything to your device , make sure that you match the model numbers !
okay , i figured out how to set the good ol ' voice commands app as the default voice commands interface . it has to be done while not connected to a hands free device via bluetooth . tap into the phone app tap the phone app 's microphone icon in my case a prompt appeared asking me to select the default app to handle voice commands . thereafter , it is used the correct voice commands app when connected via bluetooth . for those who wanted to know how to disable google now , here 's how it is done : swipe up from the home icon to activate google now scroll all the way to the bottom tap the overflow menu ( three vertical dot icon ) tap settings tap google now tap the off/on switch in the upper-right to disable google now
if you do not install the google apps package the first time , you will not have access to anything that relies on google 's services framework . this means things like : google play google talk google maps the gmail application . . . etc , will not function on your device because they will lack the libraries needed to run . you do not need to re-install the google apps package every time you update cyanogenmod . it will essentially back up your current ones and then re-install them during the flashing process . simply flash the updated rom however you normally would .
cat /proc/filesystems is the typical linux/unix way of determining this . it works fine on cyanogenmod , but i am not sure about other roms . if you want to filter out all of the other supported filesystems you could grep the output , too ( assuming you have got grep , of course ) : # cat /proc/filesystems | grep 'ext*' ext2 ext3 ext4 # 
android never removes applications from its memory , unless it has no memory left , then it initiates a low memory warning to unused applications and kills them when needed . . . android webviews ( the default android implementation of web browser ) consume lots of memory , and so is firefox 's implementation of their web browser . actually , gecko ( firefox 's rendering engine ) is much slower and a bigger memory consumer than android 's default webkit rendering engine . so when you exit firefox on your android , the memory is probably nearly full , the system kills it , but firefox has a mechanism that saves the urls of the previously opened tabs , and though it starts the application again ( and not resuming it ) it loads everything you left open again . . . and no , 512mb are no enough , android 2.3 takes approx 300mb to run .
in fact , i never had an android device where this was that easy to achive ! our friends at xda-developers offer a guide and the necessary tools in this thread . having a " microsoft free zone " and " only " running linux machines ( yeah , even the android ones run a linux kernel ) , i was able to follow up those steps with a little adaption here and there -- and so i will sum up the results for windows and linux users as well : preparation first you need to download the required tools , all of them available at the linked xda-developers thread : o4xr . zip is the rooting toolkit is11lg_systembackuptest . signed . apk to prepare your device windows users only : lgunitedmobiledriver_ver_3.7.2_lg-p880_lgo4xhd . zip -- the windows drivers for the device having everything downloaded , some additional steps are necessary at your computer : windows users only : unzip and install the drivers linux users : make sure adb is able to detect the device ( check with adb devices ) . if it is not , see at the end of this answer for some hints . everybody : copy IS11LG_SystemBackupTest.signed.apk to your optimus ( e . g . after connecting it via usb in mtp mode , copy the file to the internal sdcard ) everybody : create a new directory , unzip o4xr.zip there , and change into this directory . the rooting process on your optimus , go to settings&rarr ; security and make sure " unknown sources " is ticked ( i.e. . contains a checkmark ) go to settings&rarr ; developer options and enable " usb debugging " now install IS11LG_SystemBackupTest.signed.apk ( e . g . use a file explorer to find and " launch " it ) open the " systembackuptest " app you just installed . nothing spectacular will happen , so do not be disappointed here . hold the power button and choose " power off and restart " . when you can see the lock screen , you may notice that the phone is running very slowly , this is normal . once the device is fully started up again , connect it to your computer with an usb cable . make sure the phone is in " charging only " mode . on your pc , open a terminal ( linux ) resp . command ( cmd.exe, Windows window and change into the directory you've extractedo4xr . zip` into . ( on windows , you may need admin privileges : right click , run as administrator . on linux it did fine for me without superuser/root permissions ) now run the rooting script : windows users : type root followed by the enter key linux users : type ./root-linux.sh , also followed by the enter key any mac users ? type ./root-mac.sh , also followed by the enter key . do not worry , it will not root your mac/linux machine ( windows users : it is unlikely to root your box , either : ) do not disconnect your phone while the script runs ! wait while it does its job . during that process , the phone will reboot automatically a couple of times . the script will inform you about this in your command/terminal window . once the command/shell prompt returns , the misdeed is accomplished : ) now uninstall SystemBackupTest from your optimus . do not launch it again at this state , or you might have to start over from step 5 : ) on your phone , open up google play store and search for " supersu " . update the app when prompted , then open it . press ok to update the su binary . you now have root and can safely restore the " unknown sources " and " usb debugging " settings back to how you had them ! congratulations ! next steps are to install titanium backup , lbe privacy guard , and all the other things you might need and which require root ! hint for linux users to get adb recognize your android device these steps should work with all android phones . the example data of course should exactly fit the lg optimus p880 this question deals with . open a terminal window , and make yourself root ( sudo su - ) enter the following command : lsusb . note the output in your mind . connect your device with usb debugging enabled using an usb cable . again issue the lsusb command . now it should output an additional line which has to be the just connected android device . for the lg optimus p880 , this should read like : Bus 002 Device 103: ID 1004:61a6 LG Electronics, Inc. 1004 is the vendor id for lg , 61a6 the device id of the p880 in usb debugging mode . use your favorite editor ( still in root mode ! ) and open /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules ( if no such file exists , simply create it ) . add the below lines ( first line is optional ) , and then save the file . restart the udev daemon : service udev restart now you just need to disconnect your device . when reconnecting it for the next time , adb will see it -- as you can confirm with the adb devices command . so here are the lines for your /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules file : #LG Optimus X4 P880 SUBSYSTEMS=="usb", ATTRS{idVendor}=="1004", ATTRS{idProduct}=="61a6", MODE="0666" GROUP="androiddev", SYMLINK+="android%n" 
izzy’s answer is misleading . two unrelated things were mixed up ( the vendor id list in adb on one side and the permission setup in linux on the other side ) . 1 ) devices considered by adb : adb has a hard-coded list of usb vendor ids it tries . e.g. htc mobile phones use 0xbb4 , which is listed ( source file usb_vendors . c ) , while 0x2207 is not . the only way to add to this list ( without patching the source ) is to put vendor ids in the file $HOME/.android/adb_usb.ini , line by line . ( home is set up right ? ) no special cable is needed . 2 ) permission setup for non-root access : the udev-fiddling is to give user-access to e.g. /dev/bus/usb/002/009 ( bus number/device number change ; see lsusb for current values ) . the details of this are not relevant to the original poster’s question , as he ran adb as root .
your tablet will come advertised with the version of android it carries in the box . when they make it they do not know what versions will be released , obviously . the packaging and advertising will say ross tablet comes with kitkat 4.4 . that does not mean i will not update my hardware with a newer version of android , but it means there is no guarantee i ever will . there is nothing that says explicitely it can not be updated , unless the hardware is insufficient to run a particular build . jellybean was heavy on resources but kitkat is much lighter . it would depend on this also . either they did not update their advertising and/or they did not update the device . there is no hard fast rule . updates to android itself are creted by google , then released to the oem . the actual updates to the device are dealth with by the oem ( manufacturer ) and released by them if they decide they want to . this is after they skin it ( touchwiz , sense , motoblur etc ) , test it and make whatever changes they decide . this is why i have a htc on 4.1 and another on 4.4 here . each manufacturer has it is own unique hardware , as does each device model . there is no concept of a ' generic ' android rom across devices . the hardware and software for it ( e . g . the oem 's camera ) is closed source and rom developers have to use their own kernels and work arounds to get these installed on the various devices . you would need to check on a device by device basis . google should tell you the answer , but xda developers is also a great resource .
yes , the android as well as blackberry versions of google 's authenticator app supports multiple accounts . press menu and choose scan barcode after you have set up your new google account for 2-factor auth to grab the displayed barcode or enter details manually . details : https://code.google.com/p/google-authenticator/
would color filter service fit your needs ? there is a half-screen demo available in the market that you can try out as well . you can tweak the rgb values of the filter however you want , so if you want a red filter just crank up the red slider and do not adjust the g/b values .
llama . a laymans version of tasker . it can do so much more but should suffice with minimal battery impact as it uses cell sites to identify rather than gps .
if the wi-fi hotspot feature is broken in your custom rom , then it does not matter what apps you install . they all rely on the os to do their work . you need to build or find a rom which supports this feature in order to use it .
perhaps it is a water damage sticker -- it might go more red if water gets on it , or something .
you can not directly mount the internal storage . you need to be rooted to view it on your phone , or you can use adb pull from the android sdk tools to copy it off the device .
there are actually three types of dual sim phones . dual sim standby ( dss ) : only one sim can be used at a time , 1 radio chip . dual sim dual standby ( dsds ) : two sims can be used at a time , but if one opens a call or data connection , the other is offline . dual sim active ( or sometimes dual sim dual active ) ( dsa/dsda ) : two sims can be used at a time , 2 radio chips . this enables both sims to open calls and/or data connection . since your phone is mentioned as " no dual standby " , it means it is a dss-phone , which allows only one open connection at a time .
this can often be caused by filesystem corruption on the sd card . the sd card might appear to work normally if you do not access the corrupted parts of the filesystem , but since the media scanner reads the whole filesystem , it is much more likely to get stuck on a corrupted file or directory . try removing the sd card and using a card reader on your pc to check the filesystem ( e . g . with scandisk or fsck ) .
the third table in this page mentions " vibrate": https://motorola-global-portal.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/48504/~/droid-x---phone-status-%26-notifications even though the first table clearly depicts a different icon for the vibration mode , although with the same zigzag pattern . the pattern is also the same as the icon i have for vibration mode on my sgs : cheers !
i have tried but they did not seem to make the icon disappear . after wandering through settings and application as suggested by matthew this is what i finally did and it seems to work : settings --> application --> manage app --> running --> myuploads --> force stop and eventually the icon of ongoing process was gone ! thank you for the important clue ! ! !
got it , buttonremapper .
Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Display -&gt; Auto-rotate screen - this option should disable screen rotation throughout the system . Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; CyanogenMod settings -&gt; Display -&gt; Rotate 180 degrees - this option disables the " upside-down " rotation only .
widgetlocker is a great lock-screen replacement that will allow you to put any widget installed on your phone on the lock-screen . you can also configure it to allow your notification bar to be usable . the actual calendar popup i am not sure about , but i know you had be able to see it when it shows up in your notification bar , and from there you can open it up and snooze/dismiss it .
you can make an automatic nandroid backup using rom manager ( free / paid ) . open the app - go to settings and select automatic backup . you can select the time and frequency of the backups in the following screens .
when i wanted to do this , i found the available apps sorely lacking , so i wrote a home screen widget which can do this . the image can be a static one , or you can refresh it from the internet periodically ( e . g . from an rss feed ) . you can set it to open a website when clicked , or launch an app of your choice ( amongst other things ) . the app is called showr , and it is a free download from google play . ( there is a " pro " version with more options . )
the source code for the adb exploit used in the superoneclickroot tool is available : http://stealth.openwall.net/xsports/rageagainstthecage.tgz . you would have to crosscompile rageagainstthecage . c ( after reviewing it of course . . . ) for arm5 and then do the whole adb thing , descibed for example here in thread no . 844966 at xda-dev ( my one link was already used up , sorry ) . i do not speak from experience however .
i use diskusage for situations like this . it graphs the directory structure for you in a very pedagogical way to show you what directories ( and subdirectories ) that are taking up the most space . it literally solves situations like this in 15 seconds for me , because i will see a big square with the text " movies " or something on it , realizing i completely forgot i put an entire season of wonders of the universe on my device or something — or i will se a folder with a name of an app that has long since been deleted with a bunch of useless cache : ) try it out , i am not sure how well it works on non-rooted devices but i think it should work on those as well , i do not think it does anything else than list directories and add their content size up .
as suggested by @logos this works ( take care of using sudo ) : sudo mtpfs -o allow_other /media/MTPdevice  however mtpfs is very unstable on this phone so i tried go-mtpfs and i found out it works better . you can install go-mtpfs using the info provided in their site the command to mount the phone is very similar ( change the bin path according to yours ) : sudo /usr/lib/go/bin/go-mtpfs /media/MTPdevice/  automount once you are able to mount the device with the above command you can make the phone automount : you only have to add a couple of rules to udev . you will need those info : id_model ( mine is tcl_s950 ) id_model_id ( mine is 0167 ) installation path of go-mtpfs ( mine is /usr/lib/go/bin/go-mtpfs ) you can find those info running this command in a terminaludevadm monitor --environment --udev and plug/unplug your phone . now you can create/edit an udev rules /etc/udev/rules.d/99-android.rules and add these lines ( change id_model and id_model_id with yours ) : at this point everything should work , check this thread for more details : source
thank god i figured out how to fix it . the problem was that i was using software that was meant to root a first gen nexus 7 , and i had the second gen ( 2013 ) version . whoops . in order to fix it , i downloaded the unroot/stock toolkit from http://www.androidrootz.com/2013/08/nexus-7-one-click-toolkit-for-mac-2013.html and then downloaded the factory images for the nexus 7 2013 from google 's site , https://developers.google.com/android/nexus/images#razor i then used the unroot/stock toolkit to reload the bootloader and factory image . after this , my nexus worked fine . i was still able to root , but this time i made sure to use the correct software to do so .
syncing google play music does not actually download the music : it just updates the list of what music you have . music streams , caches , or downloads when you start to play it , and you can control that using the settings inside google play music itself : download via wi-fi only and stream via wi-fi only . in the same way , you can control when google+ " auto-backup " backs up photos and videos , using the settings inside google+ . from the settings menu , click auto-backup , and click back up photos and back up videos to select when they are synced .
in xperia u you will get in to safe mode when you keep taping on menu button while the phone is booting . safe mode prevents any third-party apps from running . so if you have installed an app that might cause some serious problems with your device , boot it in safe mode to uninstall it . you can boot into normal mode by a simple restart .
are you sure your tags are correct , it sounds like they are not ? try looking at the files with something like mp3tag or mediamonkey they should show exactly which tags are in there and let you clear out any corrupted tags .
yes , if you are in fact really low on space then gmail stops syncing . you might also stop receiving sms 's and other data until you have made some space .
you should be able to do this natively . android 3.0 ( and below ) : in your launcher , press and hold on a blank area and click " shortcuts " . select " drive shortcut " , then your document , and it will create a link for you . android 4.0 ( and above ) open your app drawer and jump to the widgets section . swipe until you get to " drive shortcut " . long-press and drop on your desktop . choose the account to use ( if necessary ) then select the document .
if you want sane information , i recommend sane commands : ) ( no offense meant , just kidding ) . so the question should read : how to obtain log information from an android device ? and now we are on the better side . there are multiple approaches which can be used : utilize apps to display ( color-coded ) log information utilize adb ( part of the android sdk ) to remotely extract the very same information use ssh from remote ( or a local terminal app ) to aquire the information directly from the device to fully handle this topic it takes more than this simple answer ( if interested , you can e.g. find more detailed information on many web sites , or in andrew hoog 's book android forensics : investigation , analysis and mobile security for google android , which i had the honour to translate into german . there are probably many other sources as well . so i will just give a few examples here to get you started : utilizing apps the probably best known app in this context is alogcat , available for free in the playstore ( and the dev will happily accept your donation for the other variant of the same app ) . you will find a screenshot below 1 . the app allows you to filter the logs , to start/stop recording log messages , and even to store the recorded snippets to your sd-card -- of course in plain text , as you requested . another app in this section is log collector , which simply tries to grab the entire available log and send it via the share menu 2 . the android debug bridge ( adb ) the android software development kit ( sdk ) includes the adb command for various tasks . amongst many others , it offers the adb shell to execute commands on the device . using this , you can gather your desired log information as well : just prefix below commands with adb shell . command prompt on the device using a terminal app ( e . g . android terminal emulator or terminal ide ) you can access the logs directly at the command prompt , locally on your device . a little more comfortable , this can be done running a ssh server ( e . g . droidsshd or dropbear ssh server ) on your device , and access it from your computer . this way you can work on a big screen , while investigating your logs . commands to access your log information there are a lot of powerful commands you can use to access your log information from the command line , and i will only give a few examples here . dmesg the dmesg command extracts the kernel log : logcat with logcat , you can access many logging information -- but most times , this will require root . it has some parameters to filter the information , e.g. by selecting the log buffer to read with -b . please read the information provided on the developers page on logcat for details . to give you two examples : logcat -b events would list up events , or logcat -b radio information on your device 's radio modul . dumpsys and dumpstate the two commands dumpsys and dumpstate give you detailed system information : bugreport and if you are too lazy to remember them all , simply use the bugreport command -- which calls all above and bundles it for a nice , humm , bug report to the developer . . . of course , you can redirect the output from all those commands to a file to copy to your computer , and in most cases you should do so -- as your screen buffer would be far too small to handle it all : bugreport &gt; /mnt/sdcard/bugreport.txt would be one example for that part .
a quick solution : just copy them in dcim ( to use gallery as a source ) or store them in picasa . it'll allow you to get them from another handset if you want : ) edit ( thanks to matt ) : you can put the file in any folder of your fs , and android will find it and suggest it as a wallpaper .
i think you should be able to use adb on your phone while in recovery . adb devices should show something along the lines of YOUR_DEVICE recovery . once you have access to your device in recovery , you can mount the data partition using adb shell busybox mount /data and then you can use adb pull to pull data from the data partition , for example : adb pull /data/ phone_data/ will save the entire contents of your /data partition ( which includes apps , wifi settings and app preferences ) to phone_data in your current directory . if you want to pull data from your sd card for some reason , simply do adb pull /sdcard/ phone_sdcard/ . note : i prefer using twrp ( which you can find for your device here ) , so if any of the above steps do not work you should try using it .
using this as source procedure- turn on the portable wi-fi hotspot on your android smartphone ( or tablet ) go to the settings screen on your android phone . you can get there by pressing the menu button on your device when you are on the home screen , then tapping " settings " . at the settings screen , tap the " wireless and networks " option . you should see an option for " portable wi-fi hotspot " . click the check mark beside it to turn on the hotspot and your phone will start acting like a wireless access point . ( you should see a message in the notification bar when it is activated . ) to adjust and check the settings for the hotspot , tap the aptly named " portable wi-fi hotspot settings " option . you will need to do this if you do not know the default password that will be created for your hotspot so you can make a note of it for connecting your other devices . you can change the default password , security level , router name ( ssid ) , and also manage users connected wirelessly to your phone in the wi-fi hotspot settings .
you do not need drivers for a mac . what you can do so you can access adb from anywhere is create an environment variable that points to the path of adb . open terminal type cd ~ this will take you to your home directory type touch .profile this will create a hidden file named profile type open -e . profile this will open the file you just created in textedit in the file , type export path=${path}:/pathtotheandroidsdkfolder/android-sdk-mac_86/platform-tools save file , close textedit , quit terminal , and relaunch terminal now when you run adb devices , in a terminal , you should see something like the following : list of devices attached 5751a45cb25ef device if you do not see anything listed for devices , make sure you have usb debugging enabled in Settings > Development > USB Debugging
in adb shell or terminal emulator ( and most likely over ssh ) you can use the pm utility to install apps . the command is : pm install /sdcard/app1 . apk the following are the switches of pm: for example , you can force the app to install directly to the external storage ( froyo/gingerbread style . ) p.s. the wget utility should be available via busybox on cm7 . if not , you can always install it via android market .
the first thing i would suspect is that a database used by the email app is corrupted . to fix this , you need to go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications , find the email app , and clear the data for it . ( if you see anything like " email storage " be sure to clear the data for that as well ) . then re-add your account and see if that helps . if that does not work , i recommend asking your company 's it department if they have changed any settings for the exchange server recently .
the asus eee pad transformer uses a usb 3.0 cable . i have seen noises elsewhere on the ' net that it will only charge on a usb 3.0 socket . this is likely associated with the extra power only available on usb 3.0 .
disabling a notification for particular app wont ' save battery . yes it would a little by not ringing and vibrating and also by not making you look at the phone . actually notification is handled by os itself . an app just says that i want this notification to be displayed and os handles it . in your case those apps are running in background using service and periodically asks the os to display the notification . event though you have disabled the notification the service is still running and still requesting the os to display notification .
on android devices , when you turn airplane mode on , it automatically disables packets data usage and any other network functionality . after , you can turn wifi on without any extra cost issue .
after i installed the astro file manager and i went to " preview " - astro popped up , and saying , " give a filename " ok , then it saved the files ! ! ( the files must be ex . : zipped ! ! ) - and then i was able to extract the files in the zip .
there are several proxy apps available to accomplish something like that . though most of them require root access to the device , not all do ( i have not tested any of them , so i cannot tell in detail ) . however , a different approach might be checking into vpn apps , as that is pretty much what you targeting : a virtual private network , where your server acts as a " checkpoint " . many of those vpn apps do not require root access , but many also use a dedicated vpn provider . still , the linked lists should contain a working solution for you . disclosure : the linked lists are maintained by me , to provide you good " jump-points " .
i assume you are talking about the youtube app . as far as i know videos are only preloaded when your phone is charging and connected to wifi . when a video is preloading it shows a little white arrow pointing down on the bottom right of the video ( when viewing your watch it later list ) . when it has fully preloaded it shows a green circle with a white down arrow in it . the files are stored in /sdcard/android/data/com . google . android . youtube/files/ then there will be another folder ( mine is seemingly random numbers ) . within this there is one file per preloaded video . as far as i can tell they are not able to be played with anything other than the youtube app . this screenshot shows videos that have been preloaded :
regarding the battery , there is an lte toggle on the market which might help . you can find a blog post about it here . this is a major culprit , and from what i have seen there is no native way to disable lte as you can wimax on sprint 's phones ( i do not own an thunderbolt , i have just been reading about them so i am not sure how accurate this is ) . that being said , battery life has been a pretty common complaint with the thunderbolt thus far . for text messages you could try a new sms client and see if it helps . handcent seems to be the popular choice ( i am a fan of it ) , but there is also some others like chompsms or go sms . it may be an issue you had need to bring up with verizon , though , if the problem persists across sms clients .
it is totally possible , and there are a lot of remote touchmouse apps available on the android market . just search remote mouse , touch mouse , etc . that being said , i think that will be even nicer is to have an app that uses the orientation of the device as the cursor position , i.e. it works like a real laser pointer . ( that i have not seen yet and i am coding one . )
sidestepping the debate over the legitimacy of installing that app on your phone , the question of verification is one that i have been meaning to understand for a while , and you have prompted me to try to figure out a possible way of verifying who signed an apk . android apps are signed in the normal manner of . jar files ( . apk is really just a special . jar which is just a special . zip ) however it may not be trivial to trace the authenticity of the certificates unless you have something known good to compare to . that is basically what the phone itself does - verifies that something that claims to be from the same party as something already on the phone actually is - the phone does not refuse to install things with unknown signers , it can only ( object to/clear application data of ) apparent forgeries when something new does not match something old that it claims to . you will need to have jarsigner and keytool . i believe these come from the jdk which is a prerequisite to the android sdk rather than the sdk itself . first you want try to verify the public key contained within the . apk . usually this is in meta-inf/certs . rsa but it can be in another file - unzip -l will tell you . you want to see what you can find out about it : unzip -p suspect.apk META-INF/CERT.RSA | keytool -printcert  that is going to dump out a lot of information about who the signer claims to be . some certificates are apparently themselves signed by known parties , but without figuring out how to trace that , i suspect you could do something like this : unzip -p suspect.apk META-INF/CERT.RSA | keytool -printcert | grep MD5 unzip -p knowngood.apk META-INF/CERT.RSA | keytool -printcert | grep MD5  if you have a known trusted apk from the same author who used the same certificate . i am assuming that the certificates having the same md5 sum is enough . assuming you have decided to trust the certificate , then you can see if it has been used to sign each of the files within the . apk jarsigner -verbose -verify suspect.apk  ( if there is more than one . rsa file in the archive , you should add the -certs flag to tell you which certificate ( s ) have been used to sign each file , so you can be sure its the certificate you verified )
unlike a desktop gnu/linux system , android is not designed for command-line use , so it does not come with the full set of command-line programs that a gnu system would have . it only has the most basic commands ( like the ones you have already seen working ) , and android-specific utilities such as am , pm , bmgr . you can get access to the basic posix commands ( such as less and grep ) by installing busybox . there are several installers for it on google play . for any more specialist programs like make , you will need to find an android port of the particular program and install it .
try following these instructions : 1 ) open the command prompt and navigate to your sdk/platform-tools/ folder . 2 ) type adb tcpip 5555 with your device plugged in 3 ) type adb connect &lt;your device ip address&gt;:5555 4 ) at this point you unplug your device and type adb logcat 5 ) at times , such as unplugging/plugging into a usb device , the logcat will become disconnected , just redo steps 3 and 4 . from my answer here .
i am not sure what did it but it must be os dependent as once i installed cyanogenmod9 alpha6 i had those options available under performance settings and they also became available in the tasker menus as well .
you can activate the airplane mode to shutdown everything ( calls , wifi , etc ) , and then re-activate the gps . only the gps antenna will be activated . . . i think :d
android has a " defaults"-system for handling predefined requests such as opening a url or pressing the home button . if you go into android 's System Settings -> Apps -> Android Download Manager and scroll down to " launch by default " , you should see a button to clear the defaults . the next time you open your chrome browser and tap on a url that has the &lt;a download=""&gt; property , a screen should pop up , asking you to choose which application to use for downloading .
i would expect mac to have no trouble mounting the usb storage when you connect the device over usb , but if it does you coukd try pdanet . you can also transfer files over bluetooth , wifi , etc ; please search for those solutions . as for syncing , we jeed to know what exactly you are trying to sync .
in a case of letmegooglethatforyou , i found the answer . turns out , it is a single byte on the phone that determines whether the phone is gsm locked or not . someone found this , and made a nice tutorial on how to flip this byte . the instructions look scarier than they really are . the detail is not because it is complicated , but because they show every single step . the hard part for me was prepping my windows box to be able to do this ; you need motorola drivers and the .netruntime for the motorola diagnostic/programming application .
just long-tap that network on the list and click " forget network " . android will only autoconnect to networks it has previously connected to and still remembers .
if you root the device on the stock rom , it will still offer to do ota updates , but they will not work . ota updates only apply to a completely clean system image that has not been rooted . to apply an upgrade to your rooted device , you have to download the rom image from the official google site and follow the instructions there to flash it .
according to : android media process ( high cpu ) | alexus ' blog :
i had the same problem this morning . lookout reported this trojan , and it says it is part of google search enhanced . when i try to uninstall i get a message saying the uninstall failed . when i first searched for it there were no results on google . now there are several . so this seems to be a very new problem that people have started to see this morning . i ran a different antivirus and it found no problems . the phone has had no new apps installed for some time , so i am hoping this is a false positive from lookout .
in addition to martyn 's answer on encryption . this might be a bit on the developer side , however , google offers application licensing : with google play licensing , your application can query google play at run time to obtain the licensing status for the current user , then allow or disallow further use as appropriate .
afaik the stock messages app always sends a sms unless you have added an attachment ( picture , video , audio ) , or if you are typing a very long message ( the latter depending on your settings ) . if there is an attachment the message will show the number of used kb instead of the number of remaining characters . that being said , you should check if the message centre number in your sms settings is correct . to check start the messages app , click Menu &gt; Setting , scroll down to the SMS Settings section . also on the same screen there is a setting that may convert long text messages automatically to mms , so you might want to turn that off .
you should be able to use adb backup which is takes a complete backup of the phone . you will need to install the android sdk but this should allow you to backup the whole device backup there are a number of parameters you can supply but the simplest way to do a full backup is to run : adb backup -all -f C:\backup.ab more info can be found on this xda post which although it uses a galaxy nexus it should apply to any 4.0+ device restore with your device connected open your command prompt again , and type : adb restore C:\backup20111230.ab  replacing ' c:\backup20111230 . ab ' with the location of your backup file . you should see a screen like the one below : simply type in your current encryption password ( if you have set one ) , and the password with which the backup was encrypted ( if you chose to set a password ) , and the restore will begin . it again will take several minutes depending on the size of the backup and the options chosen .
onenote for android ? https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.microsoft.office.onenotehl=en hope i got you right - as my answer is . . . well . . . just tooooo obvious : )
this is the download firmware mode . it can be used to upgrade official firmware via samsung 's own odin software ( or the 3rd party heimdall ( also here ) ) . it is also used to install a custom aftermarket firmware like cyanogenmod . actually it allows more but installing firmware is the most common use .
the 1280x800 pixels count for the whole display , including the black bar for the buttons . google decided to stay flexible by moving physical buttons to the touch screen permanently . benefits : no capacitive buttons needed ( cheaper ? ) better user experience : rotating 90,180,270 degrees rotates also the virtual buttons less frame space ( the button 's space belongs to the screen now ) you can hide the buttons in full view ( e . g . , video playing ) maybe : avoid apples infamous rectangle with a single button tablet design patent
i was unable to resolve the issue through all types of hard/cold resets/reboots ( pwr+vol , pwr for 30 seconds , hard reset pin , etc ) , so i returned to amazon and received a working tablet today . it appears that mine was just doa .
i do not believe there is a way , which is strange . maybe because it can not be changed they do not think we need to know ? you can install an app called " screen resolution " which will display your phones resolution if you really want to see it on your phone .
in this specific case your friend is correct , but it can probably vary somewhat . we will take the galaxy nexus as an example since it is a reasonably accurate internal representation of the other samsung devices . the ifixit teardown helpfully identifies all of the major components of the device and their function . in step 5 they remove the wrapping from the battery to expose the nfc antenna underneath . later , in step 12 , they identify the nfc controller on the main motherboard . putting the controller itself on the battery is perhaps possible , but i would imagine it is not really realistically feasible . for one , it would probably increase the fabrication costs of the batteries an unacceptable amount ( the antenna , conversely , is likely not very pricey ) . it would also require the battery to have some non-standard and comparatively complex circuitry to transmit data from the controller to the motherboard , whereas the antenna is basically served by a simple conductive contact to pass the signal along . this is mostly conjecture , though - i am not an electrical/hardware engineer ( i do not even play one on tv ) .
i would first test by adding a 1 to a number and having them call you . android should be smart enough to treat them identically but google voice might not play nicely . i am not sure of the specifics of how gvoice works , but keep in mind that your contacts are calling google and google is calling you . somehow they pass on your contact 's number , but it is spoofed , and your phone is probably relying on the " real " number ( i.e. . google 's number ) for choosing the ringtone .
i used touchdown ( 30-day trial , $19.99 ) before android had built in exchange and was very happy with it . i am now using the native client without many problems ( i am not very demanding of it ) , but i have heard many people mention that it is still worth buying over the native client because of the more advanced feature set . with the 30-day trial , no reason not to give it a try .
i recommend using the android emulator if you want to experiment with android without buying a device . liveandroid is not supported by google and it has not been updated in quite a while . it could be that your video card is not supported . i would also recommend using vmware player instead of virtualbox if you really want to use liveandroid .
there is andropen office andropen office is the world 's first port of openoffice for android . you can view , edit , export office documents using full features of the openoffice . andropen office has 6 components : writer ( a word processor ) calc ( spreadsheet ) impress ( presentation graphics ) draw ( drawing ) math ( equation editor ) base ( database ) * andropen office is forked project from the apache openoffice project . andropen office is not affiliated with the apache openoffice project .
i got it done via iptables . first , open the terminal , run su , and type ip route show . this will show which interfaces are currently being used . in my case , i had wlan0 for the wireless hotspot and rndis0 for the usb tether . second , run the following iptables commands , replacing wlan0 and rndis0 with your actual interfaces : # iptables -I FORWARD -i rndis0 -o wlan0 -j ACCEPT # iptables -I FORWARD -i wlan0 -o rndis0 -j ACCEPT this will cause the phone to forward the traffic between the two computers . to revert back to normal settings , i simply restart my phone .
so i have had this same problem for the past month . there is a 1cm or so high deadzone that spans the width of my screen just about lower than the midway point from top to bottom . it is mostly always there , but some ( seemingly ) random times it goes away and all works well . my troubleshooting led me to this : if it is hardware , it is only because the software is telling it something it should not be . i am sure nothing is broken ( i.e. . , from being dropped , etc . ) something is wrong , for sure , but not broken per se . i took screen shots of temperature and voltage ( using cpu-z app ) trying to figure it out . i paid attention to when it happened and when it did not . i boiled it down to two possibilities : temperature and/or voltage ( i can explain how i came to this conclusion if you want . . . would take a bit more explanation ) . i charge my phone with the charger plugged into the wall typically . i live in asia so the voltage is a lot higher ( but within the appropriate range of the phone ) . yet , lately when i ! go to sleep , i plug my phone into my laptop to charge , rather than the wall . . . when i wake up the problem is not there . about 2 hours later or so the problem comes back . i tried this for a week ( charging my phone with my laptop ) and the problem is dissipating . as quickly as it escalated ( getting gradually worse ) it is now getting gradually better . try it and see if it works for you . at night when your phone is nearly dead , charge your phone with your usb port attached to your laptop . maybe it will help . i am still troubleshooting specifics to see if it is definitive . update : today , the day of writing this , i have not had the problem at all and it is been nearly 7 hours and the 3rd consecutive night of charging with usb on my laptop . update 2: happy new year ! i have been charging my nexus 4 with my laptop 's usb port since my original reply and the problem had disappeared . let me know if this works for anyone else ! nexus 4 - 4.4.2
that option does not give or take the ability to see other people callerid , it only let 's you choose whether the people you are calling see your callerid or not .
after a lot of googling around , i found 2 possible solutions : hardware solution : kensington noise reducing aux audio cable - have not tried it myself . yet some guys at android central report it worked for them . software solution : aux noise filter app - tried it on my galaxy note . works like a charm .
i ended up using this free app : http://code.google.com/p/lockenabler/ and with smart bar i was able to set the camera button as a shortcut . my cam button now turns off the screen on a long press .
i had the same issue on my n7 . the answer for me was to lock the boot loader , then unlock it again . hope this helps and saves some time instead of flashing the entire os .
for that , you had need a local dns server on your local network , which gets updated by the dhcp server assigning the ip to that machine ( many routers offer this feature ) . you can then tell your android device to use that dns as primary when connected to your wifi network , while leaving the secondary as-is ( so the latter would still resolve everything outside your network ) . this option is located in the wifi apn settings : long-press the entry for your home wifi , select to edit it , enable " advanced options " .
i have probably found the solution : run the following command as root setprop persist.sys.usb.config adb  and reboot the phone . now my phone does not show an " usb connection " notification and " android file transfer " ( an mtp implementation for macos ) does not see the phone . in the same time adb works fine .
from what i have seen , iris is not supposed to be a competitor for siri , but rather just a ( mostly ) joke app that just tries to replicate some of siri 's snarkiness . it is for laughs , not productivity . if you do want to be productive with voice commands , there are some options . vlingo and speaktoit assistant spring immediately to mind . there are others . this might be helpful : lifehacker : how to get a personal assistant like siri on your android phone for free
sounds to me like you only have one " image chooser " app installed , and you would need to install another . i know es file explorer registers itself as one , so if you install that maybe it will show up in the menu and then you can use it to browse to your icons .
first off you will need to root your tablet . this is relatively easy , especially with the galaxy because it is so popular . head on over to the xda forums (www.xda-developers.com) and navigate to the galaxy 10.1 section . this youtube video also will do it for you : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=krqdp7xylwg be careful . follow the steps exactly . you do not want to brick your device . after that , you will have clockworkmod . so first things first : zip up your kernel , then copy it to your device . most of the time , tablets require sd-cards in order to install things from recovery , so pop in an sd-card and copy the zipped folder here . then , reboot into recovery ( turn device off , then hold up volume button and power at the same time ) . you will want to wipe your cache partition and davlik cache first . once this is done , go to install zip from sd-card , find your folder with the kernel , and that is it ! before you do this , do a backup of your current system , just in case your kernel really messes up your device . hope this helps !
yes , preloading has been removed from version 5.6 ( and above ) . to make way for some upcoming mobile features , we removed the preloading feature on the youtube app for android . we apologize for any inconvenience , and we look forward to bringing these new features to you .
perform a factory reset then write to the memory and reset again . this is the best way i have found to prevent data remnance . i was aware that with a magnetic based drive there is almost always data remnanace . i believe the standard to effectively erase info on a magnetic drive is erasing and re-writing over the drive 7-20 times ( do not quote me on those number ) . i was under the impression that once you erased data from flash storage it was gone for good but recalled the story of a woman finding porn on her refurbished evo . so , i asked about data remnance at superuser on flash memory and found that data sometimes can remain after it is deleted . the recommendation there was : formatting , writing to the memory and formatting again . to format , as the answers above suggested , i performed a factory reset . this can be done one of two ways on the droid : go to the " settings " menu , choose " privacy " then choose " factory data reset " do a hard reset ultimately i just did the factory reset because i was too lazy to load the system memory up and i suspect that 99.99% the factory reset is sufficient , but it is good to know what the risks are .
no . you can however , try to restore parts of it using titanium backup . it allows you to select apps to restore - that way you can get back the data .
no there is no feature in google play music that lets you delete songs you do not listen to . afaik there is no app that does the same too .
there are some available from google play store . excluding the ones you have mentioned , this two i have used , and they worked very well : music pump daap player by android music pump : music pump is a feature rich android daap client that lets you to stream and sync music from your pc or nas to your android device . all you need is a daap server . remote for soundbridge by martin kompf : connect to different music servers including upnp , daap , and internet radio . browse playlists , artists , composers , albums , songs , genres , and folders at music server .
http://forum.xda-developers.com/wiki/samsung_galaxy_s_plus/gt-i9001 this might help , it might not . do let us know .
you want to monitor any apps that use data in the background . it is hard to say which ones because there are so many and i have no idea what you have installed . i recommend installing two apps to help you monitor and control your data so you do not go over : phone usage - this app allows you to monitor how much data you are using and set daily , weekly and monthly limits ( it does this for voice and text too ) and it will notify you when you go over the limits . there are a number of others like this , some will tell you when you are getting close , other put a widget on your homescreen to show your data usage . i test a couple out to see which ones work best with your phone . quick settings - this app will allow you to manually control your data . with it you can turn off/on auto-syncing . you can also toggle the apn so you it turns off all 3g data without affecting the phone or wifi , so you can still get auto updates when you are connected to wifi but only use 3g data when you choose to . finally , if you really want to take control of things you can get tasker and set different rules about when you use wifi and when you use 3g and what apps are allowed to sync . . .
this is a general problem with all android phones . best way to solve this problem is On Call End program . it provides user to select following actions to take after a call : do nothing go to phone home screen go to phone dialer vibrate show a toast message with the call duration . outgoing call duration includes the ringing time . you can install On Call End from here : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.brosix.callendhl=tr
your google profile picture and your google+ account can have different pictures . i am sure most other google apps probably use the google profile picture . make sure they are the same .
oh dear , the moment i offer a bounty on this question , i bump into the solution myself . cyanogenmod has a " dev tools " app . in " development settings " in this app , uncheck " show running processes " to make this go away .
disclaimer : " safe " does not mean nothing can go wrong , particularly if you do not follow the instructions exactly . i make no guarantees , and you take the risks of rooting upon yourself . see this post for general rooting guidelines and an index of other devices for which we have rooting guides . if you have the original android 1.6 donut firmware on your device , upgrade it to 2.1 or higher . the official update page should bring you from 1.6 ( or 2.1 ) to 2.2 . the easiest method ( still safe ) &mdash ; 2.1 eclair , 2.2 froyo the easiest method is with gingerbreak . ( the 2.3.3 update patched the vulnerability used in gingerbreak , so if you have gingerbread then see the next section . ) on the device , go to Settings -&gt; Applications and make sure unknown sources and usb debugging ( under Development ) are checked . download the gingerbreak app via your pc and put it on the device 's sd card , or use the browser on the device . install a file browser like explorer since it appears the streak does not come with one . navigate to the gingerbreak . apk , install it , and run it to root your device . you are done ! the safest method ( still easy ) &mdash ; 2.2 froyo , 2.3 gingerbread you can attempt to root via other vulnerabilities but the safest method is probably to replace the stock recovery with streakmod and flash the superuser package through it , bypassing the need for hacks . this might work for 2.1 , but i have not tested it . ( wondering why this is safe ? the streak replaces the recovery with stock on boot . if you screw it up , it will fix itself ! ) install the android sdk on windows . ( you can use linux , but then you have to locate the fastboot package put out by htc at one point since it is not bundled with the sdk for linux . ) download streakmod and extract recovery.img from the . zip file to somewhere easily accessible , say C:\recovery.img . download the superuser package and put it on the device 's sd card . connect the phone to your pc via usb and put it into fastboot mode . the easiest way is through adb on the command line ( adjust the path if needed ) : cd C:\Program Files\Android\android-sdk\platform-tools adb reboot bootloader  alternatively , turn off the phone and then turn it on while holding the camera button . when you reach a white screen , release the camera button . when it loads , tap the FastBoot text button in the top right corner of the screen . you should see FASTBOOT_MODE in the bottom left of the screen when it is ready . from the command line ( adjust the paths if needed ) : cd C:\Program Files\Android\android-sdk\tools fastboot flash recovery C:\recovery.img  the device should show Download RECOVERY Done! when complete . continuing from the command line , enter fastboot reboot and immediately hold down both volume buttons on the device until you reach recovery mode . if the device boots , go back to step 4 ! the custom recovery has been overwritten with stock by the init scripts ; you need to get into streakmod before this happens . using the volume buttons , scroll down to 2. Software upgrade via Update.pkg on SD Card and select it by clicking the camera button . this will take you to streakmod recovery . using the same buttons as in the previous step , select apply sdcard:update.zip , then choose zip from sdcard . select Superuser.zip from wherever you put it ( e . g . , download/ ) . choose Yes - Install Superuser.zip and let it install . then back out ( using the back touch button ) and hit reboot system now . you are done ! if you want to keep streakmod recovery , use your new root powers to rename /system/etc/install-recovery.sh to something else like install-recovery.bak , then repeat steps 4-6a above . note that stock recovery can be downloaded and flashed just like streakmod , so there is not much to worry about if you decide to do this .
this is the direct download link to the swype installer apk : http://swypemedia.swype.com/beta-d1/media/installer/swype-installer-2.0.apk you can access this from any device ( including a desktop computer ) . swype uses the installer app for it is licensing system .
in the Settings -> Accounts &amp; Sync , select your gmail account , in there you will see " sync contacts " . you can uncheck that and the device will not sync your contacts to gmail , nor will your gmail contacts sync to your device . as onik said too , you can have it show only people with phone numbers too .
you might want to take a look at e.g. mail myself / selfmail ( which integrate into the share menu ) , or email me / email to self : create homescreen shortcuts which use a preselected email address and/or label by long pressing on a blank space on your homescreen , then select shortcuts , then email to self . guess that is what you are looking for ; )
this is happening because of an issue ( or a feature ? ) on stock samsung firmware . whenever you reboot the phone , the " show notifications " setting of apps that were moved to sd card will revert to its original state , which is to allow notifications . the work-around is to move the app back to the phone , and the setting will persist across reboots .
camera ptp mode means picture transfer protocol . this is probably why you can not see any videos . select usb mode and navigate to the same folder . make sure you are checking the right " camera " folder as you may have 2 , one on your sd card and one in the internal phone memory .
how about if you do a dump of the filesystem before and after clearing the cache and compare what has changed ? for example , browse something to generate some cache , copy the filesystem to directory before-clear , clear the cache and copy again to directory after-clear . after this run a diff on the directories , eg . diff -q before-clear after-clear &gt; differing_files.txt . after this you can check relevant files for changes and see if you can clear the cache just by removing/editing these files . although , this only works if the cache is file-based , not in a db . note : this is just an idea , do not have a rooted phone to test it .
this is too big for a comment , so here goes : both articles cite one and the same mcafee report . mcafee is a security products vendor , hardly an impartial observer to the malware scene . mcafee does not have products which for ios devices , but they most certainly do for android devices . and paid , too . turns out they might have for both platforms . i can not be bothered to install itunes to verify . android is the fastest-growing mobile platform , and with an absolutely crazy 73%+ growth rate , and now has 48% market share , compared to just 10% in the beginning of 2010 . no big surprise here -- this is just a marketing ploy by a security vendor to sell more products . the same trick they pulled off with other av vendors that they did with pcs in the mid-2000s . as an aside , security is not all that much platform-dependent as it is people-dependent . most of the largest security breaches are caused by social engineering attacks rather than technical limitations . i have yet to see with my eyes an android malware application , it has always been beyond me how people manage to get infected . see also this related question on whether you need av on your android ( short answer -- no ) . your phone should be secure as long as you use common sense while installing and using applications . do not trust anything that is on the market play store , the same way as you would not trust a random pc program , or a facebook " app " for that matter . ios and anrdoid security concerns pop here and there in the news occasionally , but from observing both markets for some time i am fairly convinced that both platforms offer reasonable ( technical ) protection to their users , and offending applications are removed with short notice . google has even removed malware applications from devices without user discretion at least once .
over wi-fi install a small app swiftp ftp server . ( original link ' dead ' - 2012-09-22 , see 'http://ppareit.github.com/swiftp/' instead ) just , setup username and password . after tapping Start button , your device will become ftp server and the app will give you url ( handy if you do not know device ip and ftp url format ) . on pc , you can use any ftp client software to access file system of device . windows explorer works , too . you can also create a network drive in computer . for example , you can visit this in address bar of windows explorer : ftp://192.168.1.10:2121/  here , 192.168.1.10 is ip of android device and 2121 is port on which ftp server is working ( you can configure port in app , too ) . visiting it will ask you username and password . enter what you specified in app . done ! the app will not give you url if device is not connected to pc using external wi-fi router , but it works in those situation too . if you have made device wi-fi hotspot and connected pc with ad-hoc network , then you will have to find device ip by yourself ( ipconfig /all command is fine with windows ) . it really works as long as you have ip of device ( i have tested it by myself ) . just , use this ip in ftp url and visit it . the interesting thing : as ftp is universal standard , this method will work with any pc , mac . that is not true for samba file share , airdroid etc . over bluetooth there is no need of external app . if bluetooth software on pc supports obex ftp , you can do this directly . if you have issues with stock bluetooth services , install bluetooth file transfer app . it supports both obex ftp and opp . means , you can do both-side file system access : device to pc and pc to device !
i just double-checked mine , and it boots fine without the charger ( battery at 64% ) . i suspect your unit is faulty .
the screen lock is set in Settings -&gt; Screen Lock . the device can then be encrypted without sim card .
i doubt that something like an sms/mms virus exists or is " in the wild " . if this mms was really originating from your phone , than this could only be caused by an malicious app . now , there are two ways how any app can send/receive sms/mms : by having the appropriate permissions you can easily find out which app has requested , and since you installed it , granted , which permissions that app got granted . see this question for tools . by exploiting the android system if there is an root exploit within the android system and within the dalvik vm , any app could use it to do anything . afaik as of android 2.3.5 there are no public known exploits . not sure what is the state in case of android 2.1 sms history editing the sms history is not necessary . the history is part of the ( stock ) sms client . if an android app uses to api to send an sms/mms the history is not involved .
custom roms will be the only way to do this . widgetlocker changes the lock screen , but i do not think it handles incoming calls . this gingerbread rom changes the lock screen as well as how it answers calls , changing it to the android swipe across system , but like all roms , it requires a root and a wipe . it is a great rom though , and will do exactly what you need .
google now by default will think that you are in the usa . the app pulls your home address from google latitude . this is also how it knows when you are home and it is the basics for traffic info . to change this go into : Maps -&gt; Location History (tab)  here you can set both your home and work address .
if you have the kindle app installed , just open it and it should show a selection of the books you have purchased from the kindle store . books that have not been downloaded to your device yet are available via the " archived items " menu option that pops up when you press your device 's menu , you should be able to select and download any books there . if you have downloaded kindle compatible books from elsewhere on the internet , then if you move them into the " kindle " folder on your sd card , they should appear in the listing of books when you open the kindle app . you have two options to do this : plugging your phone into a pc and mounting the sd card as an external drive , using one of the many android file manager apps that are available from google play store .
to detect tampering , firmware updates are signed and ( if you are using the recovery program that shipped with the phone ) the signature is verified before install . after a mandatory confirmation from you that the installation should start , after a reboot , the recovery program will first verify this signature and only then install the new firmware . note that you will always get a prompt for a rom update . besides allaying security concerns and giving you a bit more control over the proceedings , this gives you the opportunity to : make sure the battery is charged or that the phone is plugged into the mains . back up any data you fear may be lost should the upgrade go wrong . do a bit of research into the improvements in this firmware version , and decide whether it is worth your time . so yes , firmware updates are secure and even if you are concerned , an update to the actual os will not be installed without your confirmation .
i ended up disabling the linked calendar , and adding it manually using the icalsync app in the market .
the htc sensation uses a capacitive touchscreen , so any standard capacitive stylus will work for touch-based input . simply be sure you do not purchase a stylus designed for a resistive touchscreen .
tf201 is not supported on cm11 , so your choices are to go with official nightlies ( which are not stable ) of cm10.1 from here or unofficial cm11 from here . neither of these are stable or officially supported releases . the google apps version you should use depends on the cm version you choose to flash . if you are using cm11 , use the 20140105 gapps . if you are using cm10.1 , use the 20130812 gapps .
you should try to set up an " application specific " password for your tab , and enter that password when you enter your account details . now you totally avoid the second screen asking for the code . you can create an application specific password at https://accounts.google.com/b/0/issuedauthsubtokens ( at least that is the one i use ) kind regards joern
just flash the original / stock rom for your phone . but first , make sure to clear data / factory reset , wipe cache , and clear dalvik cache .
as you can see from the screenshot , you can definitely get colored output in ls on android . ( side note - i have got some bashrc magic running so the default ls output is ls --color=auto ) probably you are either running ls in a sh shell and not bash , you have got a watered-down oem version of ls , or there is some strange magic happening between adb on windows and the linux terminal . what device/android version/rom are you running ? what output does ls --version give ?
here is what i would do : clean way your sd card image is stored in the following location : ~/.android/avd/&lt;avd name&gt;.avd/sdcard.img  stackexchange-url so , if your avd is named screen_large , then your image file would be at : ~/.android/avd/SCREEN_LARGE.avd/sdcard.img  i am using a mac but i am sure the location for the . android folder should be inside of your ' user ' folder as well . you can then duplicate this file and then use it with another avd . less clean way copy all of your files/folders that you want off of the old image from adb : adb pull &lt;dir or file&gt;  how to use adb pull then , using adb create a brand new image : mksdcard &lt;size&gt; &lt;file&gt;  mksdcard can be found in the tools/ directory of your sdk folder . then load the avd with the new image : emulator -sdcard &lt;filepath&gt;  once the avd has loaded your new image , you can then push your files : adb push &lt;dir or file&gt;  info taken from google page : http://developer.android.com/tools/devices/emulator.html#sdcard i hope this helped !
after failing to avoid freezing by sw settings , i resorted to last resort : baking motherboard . : ) result : device is bricked . it wont even start . i will buy a new motherboard .
when in your wifi settings , could you try pressing menu ( or clicking the overflow dots ) , and selecting Settings . once done , untick the Avoid poor WiFi networks option , and see if it will now connect . also , restart the router .
as andrás ' comment says , the nexus 4 uses slimport not mhl . i use this slimport adaptor to connect my n4 to a tv .
i found the setting , and something interesting as well : Settings &gt; Accessibility &gt; Flash notification  when i came into the settings it was already unchecked , yet my phone was exhibiting behavior as if it was . i had to check the setting and exit the menus . then i went back in to uncheck the setting and exited the menus again . this time the setting took effect - my camera light is no longer flashing . hope this helps others in the same situation .
( edit ) new solution : you can revert to your complete old behaviour . it needs some hacking though and might be illegal ( decompile and recompile google app ) solution proposal : use apktool to decompile and change the whole namespace from com . google . android . googlequicksearchbox to com . google . android . googlequicksearchbox 2 of a working old . apk ( see . zip below , mind the 2 in the end ) , then recompile and install the newly crafted package . result : old and new ( broken ) provider can be installed next to each other at the same time because they have a different namespace ( . *searchbox 2 instead of . *searchbox ) . just find out which one is the old one and use that . benefits : no root required , permanent ( cannot be taken away ) drawbacks : you get 2x the same widget offering ( 1x from the old , 1x from the new ) , so you have to find out which works and which not my test so far ( 'apktool ' is an alias to ' java -jar /usr/local/bin/apktool . jar ' on my machine , fyi ) : ( edit : old solution ) what would be nice to know : does this only affect samsunng and google 's us customers ? according to androidcentral , samsung now deploys this update as a stability fix globally . it is most probably this package , that got " updated " : com . google . android . googlequicksearchbox ( located at /system/app/googlequicksearchbox . apk ) having root is definitely required to revert the situation . i would however decide to get rid of samsungs firmware altogether and install cyanogenmod for example ( this might even be easier than getting root in the first place on the orginal firmware ) . you might want to " reinstall " the unaffected version from the last firmware or one of a euro firmware ( if they are not stripped ) . for example , this archive from the popular goo . im hosting site will most probably have a working ( older ) . apk that has the functionality you miss . it is a generic installation package for the popular cyanogenmod aftermarket firmware that holds all relevant proprietary packages from google ( they had to be stripped off cyanogenmod by google 's request some time ago ) . you can open it with any unzip program and extract the /system/app/googlequicksearchbox . apk package . that is how i would do it ( using the adb tool from the google sdk : i used application explorer to generate this listing and see where the . apk is located : App Name: Google-Search Package Name: com.google.android.googlequicksearchbox [...] Source Directory: /system/app/GoogleQuickSearchBox.apk  you can get the version of ' google-search ' by going to settings-> apps-> all-> google search , which lists the current version . mine ( the same as in the above mentioned . zip is : 1.4.1.299849 )
while file expert is a good app there are great apps out there . i was hesitant to switch because i did not want to install another app for ftp sharing , but i discovered solid explorer . it is the best file manager app for android , bar none . it has an exceptional text editor with optional monospace font ( ! ) , size setting and line wraps can be disabled ! and of course root support out of the box . all for the great price of 0$. ( thought it is in beta , so that might change . ) it also includes ftp/sftp/smb/cifs browsing , support for google drive , dropbox , box and skydrive . and so many other goodies that there is not enough space here to list it all .
the free space difference can be accounted by three relevant factors that may end up giving you some misleading information about the real space available on your internal storage : the free space reported the free space reported at the end of the " manage applications " screen is rounded to mb , and it gives you a general free space estimation based on the moment you opened said screen , and it gets updated from time to time ( by my tests about every minute ) . i have mentioned " rounded " because if you access the " storage settings " panel , you will get a clear picture regarding the free space available , down to kb . the app allocation as already mentioned by t0mm13b , an application may be entirely moved to the sdcard or leave a portion behind , this issue is more related with the development of the application itself and there is no standard rules to follow . i have performed an exercise with " angry birds " , and while the download mentioned 20mb , after installed it consumed 24mb . after moving it to the sdcard using the option for this end under " manage applications " screen , 1.85mb were left behind on the internal storage , plus 4kb of data . temporary system files from other applications or running services while i was writing this answer , the free space reported varied between 2mb , this tells us that the os is constantly creating and freeing up space depending on the stuff running . there may exist other factors that concern the ext4 file system specifications used by gingerbread , but i do not believe they better account for the 2mb difference . by the three points mentioned above , while performing an exercise with the application you have mentioned using a device with a stock gingerbread rom , i have managed to account for 2mb of difference , just like the space you have mentioned . determine internal and external space occupied following up on the comments , regarding a way to accurately know how much an app occupies on the device , and being able to view it by external or internal storage , the most accurate application i am currently using is sandisk memory zone by sandisk corp . available for free from google play store . open the application select the desired storage check the details about it
edited found the official source where can be read that the motorola droid x build was renamed to shadow : also worthy of note : the new release files have a slightly modified naming-scheme , including the codename instead of the commercial/common name in the filename . so the following is a handy “translation chart” to make sure you don’t mis-identify your device . . . . . . shadow - motorola droid x . . . original answer at cyanogenmod downloads , the build identified by cdma_shadow stopped at cm_shadow_full-154.zip ( the available links are broken ) . when they were resumed , they have been renamed to shadow , being shadow the codename for the droid x . droid x formerly known as droid xtreme , has the development codename " shadow " . cdma stands for : code division multiple access . it is the general system used for 3g services . related information : cdma technology - cdma is a wireless technology standard used by verizon wireless in all of its phones , and by certain other carriers in the countries listed at this link . trying further to justify this answer : here 's the metadata found at /META-INF/com/android/metadata for the cm-7-20120624-nightly-shadow . zip where can be seen the reference to the cdma_shadow : post-build=verizon/shadow_vzw/cdma_shadow/shadow:2.2.1/VZW/23.340:user/ota-rel-keys,release-keys post-timestamp=1289194863 pre-device=cdma_shadow  and yet the information presented on the menu hover effect : besides from this , the cyanogenmod documentation , forums and wiki pages reveal no better insight and are mentioned to be outdated . this seams to be the best official justification for the build rename .
i am sorry but your device cannot play high-res videos . your device should be able to handle videos up to 640*360 , this is the resolution of hq youtube . note that there is absolutely no point in watching hd videos on your phone . it has a screen resolution of 240 x 320 . anything above this will be scaled down to fit the screen .
if you do not mind to end up with cyanogenmod9 ( ice-cream-sandwich ) : here 's the full update guide from cyanogenmod 's wiki : http://oldwiki.cyanogenmod.org/wiki/nexus_s:_full_update_guide here are builds ( go for release candidates or stable builds for cm9 ) : http://get.cm/?device=crespo recovery images are here : http://www.clockworkmod.com/rommanager/ flash via ' fastboot flash recovery [ recovery . img ]
your app does not do oauth/openid , instead it uses android 's integrated auth model via a special permission : YOUR ACCOUNTS USE THE AUTHENTICATION CREDENTIALS OF AN ACCOUNT Allows the app to request authentication tokens.  colornote , for example , does not need this permission and thus must get an auth token via the browser . it ends up in the list in the link you provided if you authorize it and you can revoke given permission for colornote via your assumed method . that is why you will not find google 's drive , youtube , maps and so on in the list either as they also use android 's integrated auth token permission . pro/cons : integrated : less friction for the user , depends on google apps and a google account openid : no google apps required , works with accounts from any openid provider ( see this site 's login support for any provider )
there are several gestures which are not really supported on mobile devices including right clicking , hovering and most keyboard shortcuts . it is up to website developers to recognize this when designing their user interfaces and either build in alternative gestures or simply rely on universal input methods like clicking/tapping . your best bet would be to contact the owner of the website you are having trouble with .
you can install cyanogen now , and in the event of an official update , go back to the stock rom . steps to install cyanogenmod in asus tf300t : http://wiki.cyanogenmod.org/w/install_cm_for_tf300t
i was able to fix it by booting into safe mode by holding the volume up button while it booted . then i disabled the setting that broke it .
if you are coming from an iphone and looking for a better messaging app , check out go sms pro and use an iphone theme . this app allows you to customize several things while still looking very similar to the iphone 's messaging interface . i always install go sms over the default messaging app and you might just want to give it a try , especially since you are coming from ios . there are other plugins that are all free that allow you to view ios emojis and other cools things like that . let me know if you still have the same issues with this app as well . btw , congrats on smartly making the switch ; )
sounds like the contents of your sd card have not been scanned since taking the photos . try the sdrescan app from market . this should help in such situations . alternatively , you can manually un-mount the sd card ( via Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Storage -&gt; Unmount SD Card ) and re-mount it again . this should trigger the media scanner to refresh the card 's contents .
this is not an android question , but more like a generic mobile question . but to answer your question : yes , the old one will still work . sim cards are not tied to cellphones . so , you can always transfer sim cards to other phones that have sim card slots , assuming that the phone allows the network your sim card is for . i.e. if the phone is locked to a specific network , then only sim cards for that network is allowed . of course , you can remove this limitation by unlocking the phone .
to deviate from the generic notification ringtone , the app itself needs to support it . are you using the stock email and sms apps ? gmail , at least , allows for changing the notification ringtone that it uses . ( in fact , you can setup individual notifications by account by label . )
with a little extra care ( such as taking backups first in case you want to go back ) , if you have root , simply rm-ing the .apk in /system/app is sufficient to remove system apps . take care though , as removing certain apps may cause the system or other apps to crash .
i finally found the solution in this tutorial in french : http://forum.frandroid.com/topic/180104-tuto-flash-arnova-10dg3-rom-uberoid-jeally-bean-411-root%c3%a9e/ it seems like the firmware from arnova is somehow incomplete . i installed a rooted rom .
the overflow menu for google now ( on all form factors , i believe ) is in the bottom right corner of the app instead of the top right , where most other applications put it . you need to make sure you have scrolled all the way to the bottom of your cards , though , because it shares the bar with the " show more cards . . . " button , which is hidden if your screen is full .
most probably the test is inconsistent . have you tried repeating the test at least 100 times to have pseudo-valid statistic results ? and are you sure the emulator is a valid platform on where to test such low-level things ? it may be optimised for the dalvik vm . best guess is to try it on a real device , like the new nexus 5 or waiting for the nexus 4 and nexus 7 updates .
yes : make sure adb is installed on your pc ( see e.g. is there a minimal installation of adb ? ) make sure you have usb debugging enabled ( settings &rarr ; development ) connect your device to the pc via usb on the pc , open a command prompt and type adb reboot recovery your device should now reboot into recovery mode .
well . . . it seems the best features ( at least for me ) will be exclusive to the nexus 5: http://www.droid-life.com/2013/11/22/psa-what-some-device-owners-wont-see-in-their-kit-kat-update/ from that list : google experience launcher translucent nav bar and notification bar smart dialer that is really a shame !
i would recommend , rather , using thunderbird as an imap client with the google contacts and lightning add-ons ( http://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/thunderbird/addon/7307 and http://mozilla.org/projects/calendar ) . you should be able to manage your contacts and calendar in thunderbird and sync with google . so then your thunderbird and phone will each synchronize to and from google .
most barcode readers can recognize addresses . for calendar entries , this might vary ; but give qr droid a try , which promises not only to read , but also create them : contacts , bookmarks , apps , geo-locations , events , and even sms can be encoded as well as decoded . also 2d barcodes ( on products ) should be supported .
there is no native way to do this , as android simply does not support it . any wallpaper which is not a live wallpaper will be displayed as a static image . specifically , romain guy notes in a comment on the android issue tracker that all regular wallpapers are saved as png images after cropping . there is no way to change this behaviour aside from modifying the android source code . there are some third-party apps that will allow you to use an animated gif as a wallpaper , such as animgif live wallpaper . the downside , though , is that i believe all of these will be live wallpaper applications , which sort of defeats the purpose .
if the kernel was not compiled with /proc/config . gz support turned on , then the only sure way is to look at the source tree that was used to compile the kernel you are running . copy the config . h file into your own source tree ( or just use the original source tree ) and run make menuconfig to set any new options you want .
i found a solution : if you do not have a rma option like me , it is possible it can be fixed with just disconnecting and reconnecting the front facing camera . try deleting cash , reinstalling camera , safe mode , factory reset , etc . before doing this . proceed at your own risk ! as shown in this video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=opucmfhzgbg ) remove the back of the phone ( beginning of the video ) . unscrew the top plastic plate ( 7:15 - 8:10 ) . disconnect and reconnect front-facing camera flex cable ( 13:43 - 13:57 ) . put everything back together and you are done . viola ! i hope it helps someone .
hmm , difficult problem your only bet is rooting ; and app like droidwall which is front end for iptables . and then you would have to add rule that states block any app that is running in background . that i am not sure how to achieve .
on my device running 2.2 froyo , that method ( from 2.1 ) was replaced by long-pressing on text to select it . two " handles " appear at each end of the selection , and you can drag them wherever you want ( e . g . to the top and the bottom ) . maybe try that . if it does not work , what android version are you using ?
here they say , installing samsung kies should solve the problem . i have not tried it yet , but it is available on samsung 's official website for their various phone models .
sum-up from the comments : warranty first , at least as of today and outside the eu , it is not possible to install a custom rom or even only root your phone without voiding your warranty . even if it can be done in a way not increasing a ( possibly existing ) " flash-counter": in case your device " bricks " for some reason , not giving you a chance to restore to " stock " , your custumizations would be found in the service center . existing custom-roms as said , here you might want to take a look into the question where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ? , which lists a lot of ressources where to find different custom roms . a good choice might be cyanogenmod , which is e.g. dealt with in the xda-developers thread about cyanogenmod for ace plus . to find more details , you can simply use this google search .
have you tried this http://tiddlyspot.com/ it basically creates a tiddly on a web server , so you can edit it with every android browser able to render it . you can download it , edit offline and when online sync it with the server version . opera mobile is not able to edit offline a tiddlywiki and save changes . firefox mobile can . other browsers i dont know . normally they need a . jar java file which the mobile browsers often cant execute afaik .
deodexed roms do not have the . odex files integrated into the . apk 's , they are removed . what eldareathis meant in his answer to the other question is that the reliance of the . apk 's on the . odex files is removed ; some information is integrated back into the . apk , but not the actual . odex file itself . the deodexing section of this page has technical details : http://code.google.com/p/smali/wiki/deodexinstructions deodexed roms may be slightly slower because of this ; however i believe that as the dalvik cache is built up from using the rom , the performance gap is minimized .
on my droid there is actually a proximity sensor that disables the screen if anything is too close to it . on the droid this sensor is up next to the ear speaker so that when you put the phone up to your ear it triggers the proximity sensor . what model phone do you have ?
the current android compatibility definition document says : 7.3.3 . gps device implementations should include a gps receiver . if a device implementation does include a gps receiver , it should include some form of " assisted gps " technique to minimize gps lock-on time . so " should " does not mean " must " . [ edited because i messed things up . apps that require gps show up in the market regardless of whether the device supports it or not . ]
boxcryptor is in alpha stage now . https://market.android.com/details?id=com.boxcryptor.android
no . roms are always device specific . reasons are proprietary drivers for specific hardware components . for more details , you might wish to follow up to the rom tag-wiki , rom-flashing tag-wiki , and the sites/pages linked from there , e.g. is there an official android “google” rom ?
try out an app called watchdog . it monitors your apps and alerts you to anything that is using your cpu excessively . it might help unless it something that is draining consistently at a low level . i would have to agree that it does not sound like you have a problem . battery life seems good . juice plotter is another battery monitor that you might be interested in and its companion app juice defender might help squeeze extra life out of your phone as it can switch off your 3g off unless needed .
usually this space is taken up by various things that come with the device , like resources for the os , built-in apps , and just disk information . even formatting an 8 gb sd card will only get you 7.49 gb . that same logic would leave you with 30 gb , the rest is most likely the os , and various system resources .
the short answer is that the nexus phones are the most updateable - not only do they get more updates then the other phones , but they also get more support from the community in general . case in point , though google has announced that the nexus one will not get ics , cyanogenmod will be providing it . other then the nexus phones , i think it is best to stick to the high volume devices , particularly the flagship devices that are sold in many countries . these are much more likely to get the attention necessary to push the manufacturer to release updates and to release the drivers . and finally , you can look at the cyanogenmod list of supported devices . i tend to check this list before buying or recommending a new device .
you can switch your phone to airplane mode - this will shut down all radios . after this , turn on only the wifi and you will be able to use it as a wifi only device .
sync should take care of contacts and most settings on your phone . download sms backup and restore on both phones , backup on nexus s and send the backup xml file to n4 ( via bluetooth or wifi hotspot ) for restoration . for transferring files between the devices , you can use the wifi hotspot functionality . works real fast . i am not sure if it is available on nexus 4 ( being a newer , better phone , i presume it is ) , but i have it on my nexus s and have used it to transfer files from a galaxy s2 . update : anysend seems like a useful app to send files between two devices . the only requirement is that both have to be connected to the same wifi network .
the key is not putting the password into the file , but make it the filename . then you can rename the file in the file manager and copy the password through the rename dialog .
google inc . motorola mobility llc . nianticlabs@google ingress , fieldtrip waze waze nik software , inc . snapseed nest labs , inc . nest ( learning thermostat ) bitspin ( formerly team tasks ) timely , tasks bump technologies , inc bump virustotal virustotal android texttospeech listing these separately as they seem to be created within google , but were possibly personal projects/ 20% time projects , and are now retired and only accessible if you have previously installed one of the apps : google places directory team places directory google inc . android apps my maps editor by google
the colors of the rings will change gradually as they move around the clock . if you have seconds enabled you can see it pretty easily over the course of the minute . specifically , the color of the ring seems to progress through the spectrum of visible light in order from lowest frequency to highest . that is , it goes in the same pattern as a rainbow 's colors : red-> orange-> yellow-> green-> blue-> indigo-> violet ( roygbiv ) . then the cycle starts over again near the top of the clock . that is how it looks on my phone , anyway . i am not 100% positive if the other rings follow the same color pattern or if it is just the seconds ring , but the inner rings seem to be properly colored for their lengths ( as in , at the point where the seconds ring reaches the end of one of the inner rings , they are both the same color ) .
although the number that is making the call ( initiated ) is a random number , be assured the number that shows on their caller id is your google voice number , unless you have a different setting in your voice . google . com set up or on your phone . i noticed mine did this too when i called out from my phone the other day , but my client saw my gv number chad
no , this will not work for shortcuts to apps . edit2: turns out this part of the answer was wrong . thanks bryan and drake for your answers . yes , it works for internet bookmarks . from your browser , select menu > bookmarks . long-press the given bookmark and select edit bookmark ; this will allow you to change its name . you may need to delete/re-add the shortcut to your home page for the change to take affect . edit1: alternatively , if you use a bookmark manager app ( like any of the ones mentioned here ) , you should be able to edit the bookmark directly from there .
a is for ' americas ' i is ' international ' e.g. the rest of the world . you get slightly different network support . st17i umts hspa 900 ( band viii ) , 2100 ( band i ) gsm gprs/edge 850 , 900 , 1800 , 1900 st17a umts hspa 800 ( band v ) , 1900 ( band ii ) , 2100 ( band i ) gsm gprs/edge 850 , 900 , 1800 , 1900 this is from the whitepaper . i belive everything else about the phone is the same . bkw and bko i think will be the colour scheme of an orange or white hilight .
have you tried moving your apps to the sd card ? go to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; Downloaded tab then tap on any 3rd-party app and then tap on the Move to SD card button ( if available . ) this should move most of the app to the card , thus freeing up space on the /data/ partition . not all apps support this method , but do try it on the largest space hogs like flash player and adobe air , for example . unfortunately moving apps to sd card this way does not touch the apps ' cache or dalvik cache . to move those you had need the old-school " apps2sd " hack . the basic idea is to re-partition your sd card and create a 2nd partition with ext2/3/4 format . the contents of /data/ folders are moved to the sd card 's ext partition and the phone 's internal memory is therefore freed up . then a script is added to android which mounts this partition at boot time and links /data/app , /data/app-private , /data/data , and /data/dalvik-cache folders to their corresponding locations on the sd card 's ext partition . there are some apps on the market that automate this ( except re-partitioning the card , which you will need to do manually . ) try link2sd or simple2ext for example . of course make sure you have a nandroid backup of your phone before trying anything . there are obvious pros and cons to this method . the pros are the ability to greatly extend the phone 's storage for apps , while keeping the internal memory relatively free . the cons are inability to cleanly un-mount and remove the sd card ( since the apps are mounted on the 2nd partition that the os is not aware of , ) and possible slow-downs in launching apps depending on the speed of the card . there sd card will also be subjected to more wear and tear , since it will be used by the system for reading/writing more than usual .
it appears the message is initially logged to my phone , and tablet , as google says " hey there is a new mmessage fofor you . " once i start in on the convo it only runs on the one device .
that is the thing about the android os . a " quit " or " exit " button is not really necessary . why ? because the operating system automatically kills applications that are no longer used . for this same reason , there is no need to install a task killer or similar . when you are done with an application , the os will clean things up for you so you do not have to worry about it .
native google apps do not use password ( which you entered before activating 2-step authentication ) everytime to log in . they only need it for the first time . after the first authentication , an Auth. Token is downloaded which is used for subsequent logins . as this auth . token is not your main password , verification code is not required at all . so , your apps continue to work without asking anything . to invalidate this auth . token , you will have to change your main password . do it and you will be asked to enter password in android device . and , this time , your main password would not work . you will have to generate and use application-specific password . native google apps do not prompt for verification code . they only seek passwords which would let them authenticate .
i got the same problem . received two messages with " request failed " and am curious where they are from . i noticed that they always seem to arrive shortly after google calendar sms . so maybe that is somehow connected . as you might be able to see - the sms is sent to you and not from you . in previous days i got the google sms sometimes twice . so maybe google tried to fix the problem - what is left is a false request from google using your number with their calender application , instead of replying to google that the request is from it gets send to the alias number - being your number . i guess there is nothing to worry about . but anyway i will try to remove my number from google - i saw that somewhere you can just remove all sms notifications - that might help .
the app 's homepage at http://digitalsquid.co.uk/netspoof/ lists the requirements needed for the app to work : requirements network spoofer runs on android devices with the following requirements : which are rooted ( ‘su’ ) . have an sd card ( or internal storage ) with > 450mb spare space . which has wifi so i would start by double-checking how much free space you have on your device . then it lists the currently supported ( and unsupported ) models : supported devices currently network spoofer has been thoroughly tested on these devices : samsung galaxy nexus htc nexus one t-mobile g1 it is reported working on these devices , as well as working on most other devices : lg optimus 2x huawei u8150d htc hero droid bionic samsung galaxy s / s ii samsung infuse 4g however , network spoofer doesn’t currently work with : droid / droid 2 / droid x motorola atrix many other devices should and probably will work , but please report any odd behaviour or crashes , so i can get this working with more devices . your device unfortunately is not on the list of currently supported devices , which means that the app 's author does not guarantee that it will work for you . if you follow the bug reporting link there are ways there for you to provide the dev with more information , so that they can try to get things working on your device . but before you go there , have a look at network spoofer 's faq page which does list some common problems , and some ways to get round them , or what additional information you can provide to help get the problem fixed . finally there is currently an open bug report about network spoofer not working on an s4 , with the same error message that you are getting , that does list how the reporter of the bug got it to work : i had the same problem when trying to run bt5 on my phone using the complete linux installer app , but solved the problem by changing the script from the file bootscript . sh ( attached ) to the combination of the 4 other files ( installbt first , then startbt , and bt , then stopbt to unmount everything ) . the chroot command is located in the bt script . that could be worth trying ( you will need to visit the bug report to see the attached files ) .
i ended up spotting the offending program via battery usage . there was one app that was showing a lot of battery use even though i was not doing anything with it ( newsrob ) . i killed that and everything 's been fine since .
the android debug bridge ( adb ) can do pretty much everything you want . it is part of the android sdk , just download the sdk and enable usb debugging on your phone . you can get a shell with the command adb shell  and you can get files from the phone with adb pull  all the commands are documented in the first link i gave . another way to get any file from the phone would be to use any of the backup utilities available and back up your whole phone to your computer where you can examine it . as you already rooted your phone you might already have a backup utility installed , or you can easily install one , e.g. titanium backup root or nandroid . i have no experience with those two though , i can not tell you anything more about them . the kernel i used to root my phone included clockworkmod recovery with a backup program already integrated , so you might already have that available too .
you can tap for those words , swype 's autocompletion will use your personal dictionary to finish the rest .
i rebooted and it fixed the problem :-\ [ and then several weeks later it occurred to me that i should note this fact here , in case it happens to anyone else ] . indeed , i suspect that my phone was in a weird state and probably i could not access the sd card on any computer at all at that point , regardless of what i implied in the question .
in my previous experience , i have always had problems downloading with chrome . i would try a different browser like boat browser or dolphin browser .
some devices use usbmicro , others use usb mini . like any device , it depends on the voltage that the device can take . but for the most part , afaik , as long as the charger is the same plug type ( micro , mini , etc . ) then yes it can work . a lot of the chargers that use usb plugs output the voltage that a standard usb port would ( between 4.75 and 5.25 volts ) . if this is the case , you will have no problems . the only issue , when you use usb to charge , it is usually a slower charge then using a wall charger .
you can use this app to do it . no need for rooting . dvorak is not available as a predefined layout ( yet ) but you can customize your own layout using the advanced settings . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.apedroid.hwkeyboardhelper edit : this morning i published version 2.7 of the app which supports dvorak out-of-the-box .
drag the icon to the edge , not the corners . it can be a little finicky depending on the particular touchscreen hardware your phone has .
this line will do it ( found here ) : awk '{print $1}' &lt; ~/.android/adbkey.pub | openssl base64 -A -d -a | openssl md5 -c 
please keep in mind these are developer options , and may be of no use , or have a negative impact on the performance of your device . force gpu rendering the gpu is the graphics processing unit . it is very much like the cpu , but instead of crunching numbers and taking care of tasks for the operating system and hardware , the gpu renders graphical information and puts it on the screen for you . the cpu can process graphical instructions just fine , but doing so takes time away from doing other computations , and can lead to lag while graphical instructions are processed in ice cream sandwich onwards , developers ( or power users ) are given the option to force apps to use gpu rendering , whether that bit is on or off in the app 's manifest . this does not necessarily make the app faster , and may cause issues . disable non-rectangular clip ops this is too technical for me to explain in great detail . basically a " canvas " is used for drawing . the source code for android contains this : you could turn it off to create unusual ( non rectangular ) canvas areas . see here for more details on this force 4x msaa force 4x msaa does not require a rooted device . this option does the same as any anti aliasing filter in pc games - smooths out all the pixelization and provides better rendering , which means better looking graphics . users should know that this function is only recommended for devices that have gpu capable of native msaa support . as @danhulme put it : windows in android are always composited rather than rendered into shared video memory . normally , SurfaceFlinger uses the gpu for composition , but it will use a hardware overlay when that is possible , which is faster and uses less battery . disabling overlays means it will always use gpu rendering . it is only useful for debugging system integration or hw video decode : even app developers do not need to turn on this option from wikipedia in signal processing and related disciplines , aliasing is an effect that causes different signals to become indistinguishable ( or aliases of one another ) when sampled . it also refers to the distortion or artifact that results when the signal reconstructed from samples is different from the original continuous signal . disable hw overlays without a hardware overlay every application that is displaying things on the screen will share video memory and will have to constantly check for collision and clipping to render a proper image , this can cost a lot of processing power . with a hardware overlay each application gets its own portion of video memory , getting rid of the need to check for collision and clipping .
the icon in question ( on the very left of this image ) is Vibration mode on the one plus one . technically ( i guess ) it is the ' phone profile ' icon , in this case vibrate .
maybe you are missing udev rules for the other device manufacturers ? a rule for samsung is probably included by default . look here for instructions http://developer.android.com/tools/device.html
no in fact there is the Knox void warranty flag that will be set to 0x1 if you are on the 4.3 . knox is not yet really understanded but so far something is sure , if you flash any rom that does not contains the knox security ( official or not official ) it will void your warranty . so even if you flash a 4.2.2 version of stock rom from samsung it will set the knox void warranty to 0x1 and your phone will not be supported by samsung . edit 1 : well according to comment , it might be possible to avoid the change of th knox flag , with the root method from root de la vega . but still if you are in usa ( where voiding warranty with a simple logical flag is possible ) be carefull while proceding because it still tricky . souce : xda forum about knox behaviour
according to gsmarena , the xiaomi mi-two supports the following frequencies : 2g network : gsm 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 3g network : hsdpa 850 / 1900 / 2100 you can check what frequencies your country uses here . it should work in most if not all eu countries though . also , it supports chinese and english officially but there is unofficial support for other languages , located here .
the problem with my device not showing up with the fastboot devices command resolved itself . i was then able to flash a custom recovery . the only thing i did different was , i rebooted my computer and symlinked the adb and fastboot commands in my bin folder .
the boot loader is unlocked yes ? if it is , i am not certain if it can be re-locked again for the ota update to proceed . do not accept ota updates if the bootloader is unlocked ! best bet would be to use the sony 's companion phone software under windows and let that update it manually instead : ) do not try that in a virtual machine/virtual box/vmware ! edit : why do not you go into settings > applications > manage applications , then uninstall it from there , or if you have titanium backup installed , just un-install it from there . its an ordinary apk app , that is somewhat , imho , misleading . i will explain why in a minute . sony has this strange and unusual concept of recovery/bootloader . in general speaking , there is two partitions out of many , for the sake of the edit , i am specifically focusing on boot and recovery . the general consensus is this , there is two partitions , boot and recovery , boot is what you know , is responsible for bringing up the system when the power key is pressed . this is highly specialized machine code that is tied intimately , as per the manufacturer/oem . recovery on the other hand , is where you can do basic recovery , that is , clean the data and cache partition , and re-flash the stock rom as indicated by the oem . in sony 's case , the reason , that your so-called cwm is in fact an apk is because , it would p^ and $ off a lot of users if it was installed directly on the recovery partition , . . . the big gotcha . . . yes , there is , for some obscure reason , sony decided to bundle boot and recovery into the one partition , that is where the danger lies with sony handsets , flash it directly into that , its buh-bye to your handset . as for accepting ota updates if bootloader is unlocked , there is some mechanism or checking going on in respect to the ota zip file ( i would guess ) for the presence of locked bootloader hence the warning i mentioned above . use the sony pc companion suite software for windows if you express a desire to go with the official updates from sony . so there you have it , a bit of knowledge and empowerment in understanding the nuances of android when it comes to manufacturers . yeah , i do not understand myself why the two are " merged " into one partition as a result , hence there will be the danger of messing up xperia handsets . what got me questioning about it was , why the . . . . was it being dumped into /system directory which is where the real rom lies in , then it dawned on me the reason , that is why there is a big fat warning and notice about unlocking bootloaders via the sony way . imho , there really should be two partitions - boot and recovery , after all , if that is the case , it would make modding and customizing even easier but maybe due to whatever reasons sony had , they decided to have that combined into one . ( samsung has definitely the two partitions but its not as easy as it sounds but that is a discussion for another time : ) htc is the same as samsung , zte - which i have the blade in my possession has the two hence its popular on modaco due to the ease of hacking and modd-ability ) in fact , you can actually still flash custom roms even with the bootloader locked - that was news to me but i will leave this edited answer for now .
most smartphones have dedicated video encode and decode hardware . it is specifically designed for that task , and it has a fast connection to the memory , and often the decoded video frames can be accessed directly by the compositor hardware so they do not have to be copied ( or blitted ) into the framebuffer . you would not be surprised that a handheld digital video camera can do 4k video capture : it is specifically designed for that purpose . your smartphone works the same way . most pcs do not have this special hardware , so they have to do video encode and decode with software , on the cpu , or with a special compute shader on the gpu . either way , that is always going to be slower and less power-efficient than having special-purpose hardware .
you can lock a particular message in your conversation so you do not accidentally delete that . the check box is for those messages . see following screen-shots - first long tap on the message you want to lock , and select lock . the message should be now locked and a lock icon should appear at the bottom . now when you delete the conversation the message was in , the locked message would not get deleted if the check-box is not selected .
so you want something like this : appchooser ( source : google play ; click for larger variant ) freely configurable , including the possibility to . . . switch between list and grid hide apps you never use , but still having them available quickly with a single tap sort alphabetically or by last-used then take a look at appchooser pro , available for a single buck . there is also a free version on play if you want to test it first . i went immediately for the payed version a couple of months ago , and never regretted the decision . still you might wish to pick the free version first , as i did not test it on 4.4 ( i am still on 4.0 on my phone ) .
since you have already unlocked your bootloader , you should be able to flash a recovery from fastboot and then use that to root . this will get you root on your stock rom ( but not s-off ) : download clockworkmod recovery for the doubleshot from this link download the superuser/su zip file from this link reboot into fastboot mode . to do this , remove power off the phone , remove the battery , then hold volume down while you re-insert the battery and press power . when the bootloader menu appears , press power again to select " fastboot " . flash the custom recovery image : fastboot flash recovery /path/to/clockworkmod.img . reboot into recovery ( reboot and hold volume down , i believe , otherwise use #3 above to boot into the bootloader then press volume down to select " recovery " and press the power button ) . copy the superuser/su zip file onto your device and install it from recovery . it may be easier to get the zip onto your device if you first reboot normally and then use android 's mass storage feature to just copy it over .
well , i rebooted the phone and it is working fine now , but still not sure why this happens . it happened to me twice and works fine when i reboot the phone . this is not an answer to my question but more like a solution to overcome that
short answer : no . longer answer : the thumb-drive version of ubuntu is for x86 processors . there are ways to run ubuntu in android , all of them requiring a ubuntu port with an arm architecture . search for complete linux installer in the play store for basic stuff . it will rum on top of android in a virtualized environment , and you can connect to its environment and everything . just download the image and put it on your flash drive instead .
the program that your phone ask to install is pc companion . you can skip the pc companion installation . if you need to connect in msc mode in settings-> xperia connectivity-> usb connectivity-> usb connection mode-> msc
i can confirm that this is normal behaviour for the default ( blue ) google calendar on the nexus 4 - just the 1 app . having tried a few tests of my own . . . the multiple " roll-up " events appear to be events for which you have already received a notification , but have not explicitly acknowledged or " dismissed " it - in which case the notification remains in the notification area and forms this group when the next notification occurs . in the screenshot above , a notification has just occurred for " test3" , while notifications have already occurred for " test1" and " test2" , but i did not acknowledge/dismiss them . i could , for instance , tap on the " roll-up " and dismiss " test2" - it will then be removed from the notification area . the only way to stop this roll-up of events is to either : dismiss the notification as it occurs . do not set a notification for these events .
as of version 4.8.2 you can automatically synchronise to dropbox ( or box .net) with each scheduled backup : go to schedules in the main menu select a schedule or create a new one fiddle with the time settings to your heart 's content select " sync to dropbox " in the " when finished:" combo box at the bottom . could also be a good idea to adjust the " connectivity modes " to synchronise over wi-fi only in the settings to avoid unnecessary data charges ( if applicable ) .
as can be seen in this video from the google i/o conference , in jelly bean applications can no longer read the system log for other applications , they can only read their own log . this has broken most ( all ? ) system log readers , here 's a blog post from a developer of such an application talking about how it has affected his application . the only way to have an app read other apps system log entries when using jelly bean is to root the phone . although other apps can not read the log files it is apparently possible to do it from the pc , try giving logshark a go .
option 1: go to device manager in windows and delete anything having to do with your phone ( lg , google , android etc ) plug in your phone , the drivers should install automatically option 2: download airdroid on your phone . . . . you can transfer files over wifi
it should work with maps ( + ) ( or its ad-financed free version maps ( - ) offline navigation ) . this app was developed for exactly this purpose ( even before google labs introduced the " pre-caching " feature ) . i never tried it myself , but the comments look promising as well . maps ( + ) ( source : google playstore ; click image to enlarge )
although the sony xperia tipo is listed by freexperia as a supported device , the tipo dual is not . it is not clear from the site , so it may simply be that ( the unofficial port of ) cyanogenmod can not access the sim cards in that device .
individual apps might have settings for font size , but i do not think android 2.2 included any system-wide settings for changing the default font size . check the market for a third-party contact list app that allows you to change that setting .
there is no official way of installing the default keyboard if it is not installed by the manufacturer . however , there may be unofficial ways using files stripped from other devices or compiled from aosp . there are some keyboards on google play , see for example keyboard from android 2.3 , which claims to be like the default keyboard from android 2.3 . another way of getting the default keyboard may be installing another rom . i think hardware makers would install their own keyboards if they think that they are superior to the default one , for example because they better work on the screen size of a device .
i know i may not be understanding your question the way you intend it but bryan denny just pointed out androidaudiohacks . com which i believe will solve your problem but not mine ( because it only works on htc phones ) . via bryan 's answer to another similar question
ok , so it is quite obvious that your phone is receiving 3g service ( likely edge/umts ) , not just the 2g gprs service . gprs is simply not capable of the speeds you are getting . since you have called the carrier and had them check , it is their problem . i would say just go with it and enjoy the free service . do not let them charge you for it if they figure it out later , since you did try to make them aware . if you are worried about it just call again and make the situation really clear .
in tasker create a new State based context and choose Net as state category . then choose Wifi Near as net action : this will bring a screen where you can input data about the wifi access point you are interested in . if you are near the desired wifi access point then you could just press the scan button ( the button with lens symbol at left end of the text SSID ) . this scans the near by access points and lists its details . simply select the one which you are interested in . now you are good to go to add an entry task and exit task to whatever you want .
solved this by installing image 2 wallpaper . one would expect such basic features out of the box . .
if you are able to transfer the split files from your pc to your android device , which most probably will , you can use this app to join the files . also make sure you split the file using 7zip on your pc . hope this helps
the problem is that the device was stuck in fastboot . i had to use adb to get into the bootloader , and change to normal boot from there . now , everything works . i assume he let the device run out of power while updating , as it completed updating once it was out of fastboot . thanks for all the help you gave me . you may not have solved my problem , but i still appreciate it .
you do not need to back up media files or app data . they are in device 's internal storage . if you are performing a factory reset these datas wont be erased unless you select Erase Internal Storage when performing a factory reset . if you still need to backup the media files or app data , connect your xperia s to a pc and backup the files in the pc .
most ( pretty much all ) usb keyboards and mice support the usb hid protocol . you might not be able to use some special " media keys " or other advanced features , but standard features will work without additional drivers . as for routing usb input to standard android ui events , i suspect they will do it ( they had be stupid not to ) but could not find any conclusive information as of yet .
yes you can , you will need to create a different " calendar " ( probably " tag " would be a better name , but that is google 's terms for it ) . creating a calendar ( do this from the desktop , i did not found a way to do it from android 's calendar app ; do anyone know ? ) : go to http://www.google.com/calendar . look for the " my calendars " box on the left , click on " add " fill in the information , and click create calendar . you can change the color later from " my calendars " box , by clicking on the triangular button . adding events to calendar ( can be done from android ) : on the " create new event " view , choose the calendar you have just made from " calendar " combobox .
link to stock browser apk the link contains the apk for the stock browser . alternatively , as you have chosen you can build the stock browser from source also . how to build stock browser from source code , stackoverflow generally you can also use the avd for testing the browser , but not if you need multi touch and other ' phone ' related functionality . chrome is now the stock browser for nexus devices , and most oems ( manufacturers ) include their own version of the browser .
try this 1 . settings > tap home screen mode > select standard mode 2 . tap apply and reboot .
there is no direct relation between the chrome mobile and any firefox version . what you can do , is to synchronize the information from your chrome mobile to the chrome desktop version , and then , using a desktop application , pass the bookmarks for any other browser . xmarks is a free bookmark sync application that supports among others , synchronization between google chrome and mozilla firefox : install xmarks on each computer you use , and it seamlessly integrates with your web browser and keeps your bookmarks safely backed up and in sync . xmarks will sync across browsers too . today we support firefox , chrome , internet explorer , and safari ( mac os ) . additionally , you can go premium and benefit from the android application to ease the process : premium features overview xmarks on android the xmarks mobile app for android is available in the google play store . you can also install via lastpass.com/xmarks.apk it lets xmarks premium users access all their desktop bookmarks and open tabs on their device . supports google android 1.5+ xmarks for premium customers by lastpass available from google play store . bookmark sync and web discovery application that will allow you to carry your xmarks ( formerly foxmarks ) data around with you . sync bookmarks with android browser add , update , and delete bookmarks view open remote tabs as for the remaining browser capabilities , like saved passwords , afaik you can only pass them to the google chrome desktop version .
solved ( at least layar is not being showed as installed anymore ) . on this site i found that i could also remove the /data/app/com.layar.apk file . i did it and now i have +8mb of free space on my galaxy .
it is not very uncommon for cyanogen to have some problem with battery status reading . things you can try : turn off the phone and take off the battery for a while ; let the battery fully drain and then reset the battery calibration on clockwork recovery ; try an app like this . i am not sure why , but when i changed my battery visualization to a percentage view instead of the default ( in the cyanogen configuratons ) , the battery lectures of my smartphone started to give me wrong readings . when i switched back , it got back to normal after a fully recharging .
to read rtf files you basically just need and app that supports that file format . here 's a good one that additionally supports many other document types : cool reader by vadim lopatin available from google play store . reading books in epub , fb2 , txt , doc , rtf , html , chm , tcr , pdb , pml formats . ebook reader . supports epub ( non-drm ) , fb2 , doc , txt , rtf , html , chm , tcr , pdb , prc , mobi ( non-drm ) , pml formats .
you need to get this information from your university . ask the it department to walk you through it or just give you the necessary information . from what you have said : email accounts are provided by microsoft . seems to me they are using exchange in a windows domain ( i could be wrong ) . therefore , you will need a server link , domain name , username , and password . also , on a separate note , you should do some research on how email works and email protocols ( pop3 , imap , smtp , exchange , gmail , and so on ) . here 's a helpful link : email protocols : pop , imap and mapi
yes you cannot change it unless you have root access . but you can disable it if you do not like it . go to settings => sounds => deselect the Touch Sounds option . just in case you have root access , go to /System/media/audio/ui/ and replace the file named touch.ogg or tick.ogg or effec_tick.ogg or the one with a similar name .
there is a fairly new app called perfectly clear which allows you to select multiple images and apply corrections to all of them at once in batch . you could also set a preset and apply the enhancements the same way for all images . fair warning , for the more advanced features they have in-app purchases .
the sim card is not capable of managing complex records . due to its limited storage , it only holds one phone number per contact , and also misses other details . so when your " old phone " allowed for multiple phone numbers with one contact while storing the data on sim , it must somehow have used multiple contacts , and displayed them in a kind of " merge view " ( had it used some own format to achieve this , your sim contacts would have become incompatible with other devices , so that approach is unlikely ) . while that would be doable on android as well , it is not a standard for good reasons : how to tell which contacts to merge ? by their name ? there might be multiple " john smith " entries , not necessarily pointing to the very same person . as long as there is no standard defined , implementations might differ and thus leading to different results – which is the most likely reason it is not done at all .
unfortunately , you really need root for this . from clocksync , google themselves have mentioned this : hi , it is by design that applications can not change the time . there are many subtle aspects of security that can rely on the current time , such as certificate expiration , license management , etc . we do not want to allow third party applications to globally disrupt the system in this way .
install Sony Pc companion . go to folder in which flashtool is installed mostly C:/Flashtool . you will find drivers folder in which you will find Driver.exe click it select the driver for your device click install . windows will give you error select Trust the vendor . it is better to turn off your antivirus . once installed enable usb debugging mode and connect
i saw this exact same issue on my motorol droid v1 ( same hardware i believe ) . with android 2.0 , 2.1 , and 2.1 update 1 my phone would sometimes report the battery completely drained just a few minutes after unplugging it . i have not seen this issue again since the 2.2 update . before the update the way i would get the phone to display the proper charge level was to plug in the usb charger for just a moment . as soon as the phone saw that it was charging the charge level immediately displayed correctly .
that means something 's wrong with the package setup . for your reference , here are a few links with more detailed information : android duplicate provider authority - stack overflow android duplicate provider authority problem - stack overflow angry birds seasons summer pignic now available | angrybirdsnest ( search for " duplicate provider " on this page , should appear around the middle ) duplicate provider authority error when installing k-9 mail - google groups recommendation : contact developer ( for security reasons both developers , in case somebody faked the signature ) . it is most likely a copy-and-paste error during the packaging process , so the developer might release a fixed update soon .
the least tricky way is : take your 2gb card out of the device , put it into a card reader , and attach that to your computer copy all contents from the card to an empty directory on your computer safely remove the card reader , replace the 2gb card by the newer , bigger one , and attach that to the computer copy the contents of the directory from step 2 . to the new card safely remove that card again , and place it into your android device when in doubt about the hidden stuff , use linux for the copy process . you can even boot it from a livecd . from a terminal command , use cp -R /path/to/source/* /path/to/target . on the other hand , if using windows and you can see the files/directories starting with a dot ( watch out e.g. for the .android_secure directory ) , they should be copied along fine . see also : how do i switch my android device 's sd card without causing problems ? changing sd card just a simple copy and paste app2sd - changing the sd card how to upgrade / swap sd card without losing data and installed apps ?
as i stated in the comments , version 2.3.4 is the latest version for phones . versions 3.0 , 3.1 , and 3.2 are all for tablet devices . version 4.0 will be released on the galaxy nexus sometime this month . version 4.0 ( code named ice cream sandwich ) was designed to run on both phones and tablets which may clear up the confusion surrounding the numbered releases . though google controls the android operating system and when it gets released , it is up to the manufacturers to decide whether to put it on their devices . some companies , like htc and motorola , actually rewrite pieces of android with their own special features , like htc sense and motorola blur . the companies have the choice to push out an update or not . some of those companies have come out with plans to update their phones to 4.0 . zte has not announced ( as of a couple weeks ago ) any plans to upgrade their phones to 4.0 but there is no doubts they will not . the second option is to wait until google releases the code for 4.0 . once they do this , the android community ( like xda ) will work on a rom of the operating system which you would then be able to install on your device manually . doing so is not an easy process and involves dedication and a free weekend . if you consider this route , you should also do a little research to make sure doing so will not " brick " your phone or cause side effects with your service provider . however , it will provide the most clean and pure android experience you can get . edit : as @eldarerathis pointed out in the comments , google did release a version of gingerbread numbered 2.3.7 but it is only to support there google wallet product which at this time is only supported on nexus devices or devices with nfc . if you had like to build this version yourself and install it on your device , you can download the android source code and build it yourself . there are instructions on how to do this at the site . however , i would strongly recommend waiting until 4.0 ( ice cream sandwich ) is released . for documentary purposes , i will update this answer upon release of 4.0 .
it can be done , but not simple for the reasons eldarerathis mentioned . you need apktool . refer to this guide on how to use it . and this on signing the apk after you are done . you need to modify the androidmanifest . xml file . find the line that looks like this : manifest package="com.example.app"  and change it to something like : "com.example.app.foo"  after you are finished , recompile then resign . to restore your data , try the following via adb : adb rm /data/data/com.example.app.foo adb push /data/data/com.example.app /data/data/com.example.app.foo  where com.example.app is the package name of the original and com.example.app.foo is the modified . there is always a slight chance that the app will break , or depending on the way the app is structured you may receive a dialog every time you change the screen prompting you to choose which app you want to launch , but it is definitely worth a try if you want it badly enough . of course , the two apps will not share the same settings and data .
the serendipity rom only contains camera . apk and camerafirmware . apk . i would think that the version you are trying to copy over is being renamed by the system on reboot and the original camera . apk is being restored . what i would try : get the non-cwm version of the camera . apk and put it on your sd card on your phone , use root explorer or similar to mount /system/app/ as rw rename /system/app/Camera.apk to camera . bak or something copy in the new apk from the sd card remount /system/app/ as ro , you may want to make sure /system/ is ro as well try to use the camera . if it works , reboot and see if it still works .
digging into the packagemanagerservice class on grepcode ( warning : this class file is huge , your browser may chug a fair bit when rendering it ) , the optimizing message is displayed in the following context : here the value of com.android.internal.R.string.android_upgrading_apk is the string " optimizing application " . in layman 's terms , it loops through each application on the device , updates the message on the screen by calling showBootMessage() and then calls performDexOptLI() on the application . so naturally , the next question is " what does performDexOptLI() do ? " well here 's what that looks like : so this invokes the dexopt utility on all of the applications that need it . it is difficult to find any simple documentation regarding dexopt , but there is a high-level overview here . suffice it to say , it is being used by the just in time ( jit ) compiler to create optimized . dex files that help improve the performance of the apps on your device and it outputs them into the vm cache . the reason it stores the . dex files in the cache is because otherwise it would have to re-extract them any time you want to run the app ( the . apk is just an archive , it is not an executable file ! ) . thus , it makes sense to just keep them in the /data/dalivk-cache directory to reuse them , and dexopt performs some optimizations during the initial extraction while it is at it . tl ; dr ( or non-programmer summary , i guess ) : it is rebuilding the dalvik cache .
i use netflix on my samsung galaxy s vibrant with cyanogenmod 7 and it works just fine . now , that does not mean in the future , nextflix could not update their app to not support these devices/rom but it does work now .
yes , there is a way to do it , use cyanogenmod 's github - for reference - this applies across the board whether with aosp , caf , cm , aokp , its found in frameworks/base/data .
not a perfect solution but you can change your password by opening you google account/gmail on your phone browser .
we do not compare apples with peaches . but it is always a good idea to be careful what you install . true , google play is to be considered one of the safest sources for android apps . still , some malware sneaks in every now and then . so you should use some common sense before hitting the " install " button . things to look at include ( but might not be restricted to ) : what permissions are required ? though not always easy to decide , there are some things which can count as indicators – e.g. taking a simple calculator app , it certainly does not need access to your contacts , calendars , system settings , etc . how is it rated ? i am not talking about " naked numbers " , but check the comments . they might give you useful hints on whether it is safe to install . also , an app installed several thousands of times with no traces of maliciousness in the comments should be considerably safer than an app with almost no installs and no comments . should it be a very popular app , but only has few installs ? that is in most cases a clear indicator for malware , hiding behind a popular name . better keep your hands off those . aside of that : in case you are still unsure , pick a good forum and ask . another good idea is to check other apps from the same developer ( just follow the link on his name ) , and use above criteria on them .
this is definitely due incompatibilites between the ril and the baseband/modem firmware . the ril or the radio-interface layer are the libraries ( shared-objects ) that allow the phone to talk with the modem firmware . i found this issue on the cyanogemod jira : https://jira.cyanogenmod.org/browse/cyan-2172 if you read the comments , you will see that people have solved this issue by flashing a compatible firmware . since i am now running cyanogenmod 11 , i dug around xda and found a leaked 4.4 firmware for my device . it was packed in a cwm-flashable zip so i flashed it and voila . please remember to backup your device , your current modem/baseband and the ril files . flashing a new ril is not necessary always but helps .
if you take a look at the air browse feature under air gestures , you will see that it is limited only to the following applications : gallery internet music player music on lock screen s memo so no , you can not use it for presentations .
from my knowledge of the sync functionality on the android it only syncs when it has something new on one of those services . it uses push technology to send you the latest updates as soon as they become available . if however new items are appearing in your mail , contacts and/or calendar and it is still not syncing then i would recommend you remove your google account and re-add it again . nb . i did have an issue with sync once where it just was not pushing any emails to my phone . . . it fixed itself after a couple of days .
not that i have found . it is just different names for the same phone . ( a pretty standard marketing practice . ) some more info here : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/htc_dream
they are stored in /mnt/shell/emulated/  i have just created a restricted profile and it created a new folder in there with the name "10" , the main admin users folder is "0" . you should be able to copy the files into the relevant place within these folders to get mine craft to pick them up . ( this was done on the 2012 nexus 7 but i do not think it will be any different )
yes , most manufacturers ( afaik including htc , as i had this experience with my evo 4g ) will have the ota update break if the device is rooted . this may have changed , but to my knowledge , ota will not work after root . however , devices can be unrooted , however , some are easier than others , and the process is different for most devices . please note that most unrooting methods require a full wipe . thus is the nature . however , if i can give you a bit of personal advice , custom roms can usually give you the features of an ota update and much , much more ; )
short answer : no ! that would cause the handset to boot-loop or cause f/c ( force close ) as ice cream sandwich and later , their apps are relying on the v4 . x framework . by bringing it across to gingerbread could spell disaster and " weird " issues with the handset . however , bringing across gingerbread 2.3 . x apps across to ice cream sandwich should work , ( paradox ahead . . . ) as ics upwards would have compatibility layer within their framework for running apps that target below ics ! hope this part makes sense !
there is no easy way to control the mentioned scenario , since you may get away from your phone , leaving behind the device used to alert you . i have been playing around with an app , that basically runs a task when a certain action occurs within your phone . the test i performed , was having my phone playing a really loud sound if my phone gets disconnected from the bluetooth earpiece . it works , i go away from my phone and as soon as the bluetooth gets out of range , the phone starts to play the music . i hear the music and remind myself that my phone was left behind . of course that if you use dragon v2 bluetooth headset , it will only get out of range after 100 meters , which is roughly 10 times more distance than a regular bluetooth earpiece . : ) tasker tasker by crafty apps available from google play store ( 4,49€ ) from their website you have a free 14-day trial download .
synopsis titanium backup , is the most popular tool for everybody , not just for rom flashers , its for everybody , due to a large number of features such as : backing up user apps and their data all backups are saved on the sd-card ( really , i should be calling this external storage to future proof this answer as sd-card readers are in favour of getting dropped ) the capability to store up to fifty backups extract data from a cwm recovery image ( via cwm 's backup within recovery ) freeze an app , and put it into a state of " suspension " such that , it gets removed from the app drawer temporarily . schedule backups on a regular automatic basis or via a widget , and by tapping on the widget , titanium backup will perform the backup . there is far too much that you can do with it . what is this titanium backup you speak of , in plain english ? think of this as a " time machine " application , where a backup is instigated , to backup user applications and their application data , and then can " revert " back in case of unforseen circumstances or . . . playing angry birds , and got to a euphoric state of delight in getting the high score , and decided to backup angry birds and the high-score data in place , " just in case " a foul-up is made . the tool is often used heavily by rom flashers , have aosp gingerbread , decide to go to aosp jb , backup the apps etc , flash the new aosp jb , and restore the apps . astute readers will point out a vital step that i left out , where does the titanium backup come from then , the answer is quite simple , every time there is a new update to the titanium backup in which google play automatically updates , first things first , instinctively , always , i do the following , launch titanium backup hit ' menu ' , tap on ' more ' finally , tap on ' create " update . zip " ' select ' titaniumbackup-w . x.y. zip ' under the heading titled , ' select the name of the output file : ' ( latest version , is 5.6.0 ) the zip file is created and saved onto the /sdcard/TitaniumBackup-5.6.0.zip , so , its ' just a matter of adb pull on that file , unzip it , and install on to a newly flashed rom , for example , in this case , aosp jb , via the adb install method . then from there , after installing it , titanium backup will simply re-load the archived information about the backups already in place on the sd-card . the full information wiki can be found here on the developer 's website , if any further information is required . also take a look at our titanium tag .
if you do not have the option matthew read suggested , you could use a call blocking app . most of them have an option to block all calls .
all you need is an app locker app . there are many app lockers in play store . just , search . i would recommend smart app protector ( i use its pro version which is great ) . use it to lock google docs app .
summing up the solution from above comments : fixing up the possibly broken build.prop file you do not need to mount your sdcard to revert your changes . if you can boot into recovery , and access the device via adb shell , you can do so and replace your edited build.prop file with the backup copy you have created ( using the cp command ) , thus restoring the state of before your edit . example , assuming you have named your backup build.prop.bak and placed it in the same place as the original : keep in mind the file ends with " prop " , which is short-hand for " properties " -- not " prob " as short-hand for " probabilities : ) if it still not boots : uninstall the last app installed as the first part did not solve the problem here , it might be the app installed ( facebook home in our case ) is causing trouble on the device it was not intended for . so let 's kick it out . boot into recovery again , get your adb ready , and # uninstall the app # adb shell pm uninstall &lt;package_name&gt; adb shell pm uninstall com.facebook.home # reboot the device adb reboot  this finally solved it . as a factory-reset was done , how was the app able to survive that ? this was an after-thought to the entire issue . a possible explanation lies in the fact that the factory-reset complained about the sdcard not being able to mount . so if parts of the app got installed to the card , they might have survived there . unlikely as this is ( after all , apps on sdcard should not be able to cause boot issues , as the card is mounted only after boot_completed ) , i see no other explanation ( comments welcome , i can include them here if wished for ) . this lead to another question : should i remove the external sd card to protect it from factory reset ? normally , a factory reset should not touch the external sdcard . but " better safe than sorry": if it should not be touched normally , it should not matter whether it is in the device or not , so it should not hurt to remove it before the factory reset . however : if you use ( d ) app2sd , there is a special directory called .android_secure on the sdcard holding the ( encrypted ) parts of the " moved apps " . after a factory reset . the system does not know of them -- so when re-installing such an app , it might lead to problems . thus when removing the card before doing a factory reset , make sure to remove the .android_secure directory from the card ( using a card reader and your computer ) before re-inserting it again .
it would depend on the device . some devices have/had some real serious issues with their gps . the galaxy s is one of them . it can take 10 seconds for it to get a gps lock or it could take a minute ( or even more ) . if you never have any issues with your device , then i would not recommend running an application like this . if you can get a gps lock within a few seconds or so and it is accurate , then i would say just leave it alone .
no . if you do not uninstall the existing app , and you use adb install to install the new apk , the existing app data will be preserved . note that you can only do this if the package names match and the old and new apks are signed with the same developer certificate : if the package names do not match , then both versions will be installed side-by-side , and the new one will not have access to the old one 's data . this might happen if the developer has slightly different variants for the app depending on the distribution channel ( e . g . a variant for google play , and another for direct apk download ) . if the signatures do not match , then installation will fail with an error message telling you that is what went wrong . the only way to fix that is to use an apk signed by the original developer .
this is indeed a question to stackoverflow . i asked a very similar question about a week ago , and basically , the answer is no , to implement that you will have to dig very deep into the code . see here for more . hope it fits your question .
i fixed this by removing data from the sd card . it was nearly full . freeing up ~1gb of the card solved the problem . it is likely that the application uses some sd card space to open files .
after doing some additional research i finally came across a youtube video on how to bypass a samsung galaxy s continuum activation screen . the steps outlined in the video are very simple : from the activation screen select emergency call . enter the following *#83786633 which will disappear when you press the last 3 a toast with the text Softkey is enabled will appear then press the home button
not that i am aware of . presumably you could create an application that listened to the mic all the time and triggered it ( voice search ) on a certain phrase , but as voice to text is done " in the cloud " it would require a huge amount of data to go back and forth to accomplish this . one shudders to think of the implications on non-unlimited data plans , not to mention what it would do to your battery life . many phones launch voice serach when you press the button on a bluetooth headset . ymmv , try connecting a bluetooth headset and see what happens when you press the button . another forum thread about launching search from a headset
in case anybody else is having the issue still , my phone recently picked up the gingerbread release . this appears to have resolved the problem .
unless you have apps installed on the sd card , nothing on it should be permanent/critical . any app that always relies on sd data being present is written badly . there may be some data you want to keep backed up , but that is up to you . it is impossible to say what will happen if you format the card and stick it back in empty , since it depends on every individual app . but generally speaking the apps should continue as if they had never written anything to the card in the first place . if an app misbehaves then clearing the data should fix it .
from your home screen , under Menu-&gt;Settings-&gt;Accounts&amp;sync-&gt;Facebook you can uncheck Contacts . obviously , this will stop your phone contacts from syncing to facebook , but after you get the list the first time , the only thing that really updates is the pictures , so disabling it should take care of it : )
this is a known bug in the nexus s ' 4.0.3 firmware when you apply the i9020 update . zip to the i9023 model . background : the i9020 sports a self-illuminating amoled while the i9023 has a traditional lcd with a backlight . the recovery fails to switch on the backlight and the screen goes black . you probably downloaded the update . zip from google and did not use the official update method , right ? in short : the screen backlight of the i9023 model is off in recovery mode due to that bug but everything else just works here 's a thread on xda that covers just this . possible solutions to fix it : use a strong led flashlight and illuminate the lcd just for the installation of the 4.0.4 , see images below ( both show the same homescreen , except the left has a switched off backlight ) unlock your nexus s and install a working custom recovery ( guide )
one way is to ask the developer via the contact information provided in the application 's google play page . where an application or game has a free- or paid-version , you could just try the free version . unless it is stated in the description that the paid version actually supports higher resolutions , it is usually a safe assumption that if the free version looks a certain way , the paid version will look similar . a final way is to simply buy the application and try it within the 15 minute refund period . if you are not pleased with the way the application or game is formatted for your screen , simply refund it . keep in mind , though , that you are only allowed to refund an app once . if you re-install it after refunding , you will no longer have the option to refund and will be billed immediately .
it seems there is a problem with google play . please take a look at the issue tracker .
the new animation added to jelly bean camera app when photos are being taken , acts as a visual hint at a new swipe gesture that is been added . the idea is to make the user aware that swiping to the left at any time , they are able to scroll through all the photos taken : when taking a photo , a new animation sweeps your photo off the screen . there is now a new paging animation when swiping between photos . android 4.1 , jelly bean - camera and gallery ( scroll down till this title ) from that location , the user can rotate , crop , share , just like in the gallery app . as already mentioned by jlehenbauer , it is a feature and cannot be removed . here a youtube video about this : android 4.1 jelly bean camera app
yes . your in-app subscriptions attached with that card will be disturbed . and , an app developer would be unable to refund money if you have purchased that app using that card ( but , this is solved by contacting google support ) . but , you will not lose any purchased apps . even pending purchases will not be affected if you attach a new card with the account . otherwise , it would be cancelled .
you will need to flash back to the stock kernel as files linked on that site will only apply to a ' stock ' system partition . you should be able to flash the file via twrp by selecting it ( i presume you have tried this as you said that it gave you an error ) . to flash back to the stock kernel you will need to find the stock kernel image ( ideally you would have a backup from before you flashed the franco kernel ) and then you can install the update . edit : you may be able to find the stock kernel on this xda post
i will go ahead and post this as an answer . android 4.2 , including sony 's package on the z1 , supports miracast - a wireless display standard that is sorta becoming a thing now . miracast is what sony uses to connect you to their own tv 's , so it is not a proprietary sony thing ( surprisingly ) . in order to use miracast , you need either a smart tv with the feature built in . or you can use a miracast receiver - they range from $50-$80 . i personally use this one - it is worked great for me from android and windows without any hiccups . note that there is real latency between the phone and the tv 's displays . you are looking at a 500ms lag at best , so this will not work well ( or at all ) for games . it is really good for watching videos , and things that do not require much interaction .
as mentioned in a comment it really depends on what app you are using to provide tethering . on the stock htc tethering app there is a view called " manage users " which lets you see a list of connected devices listed be resolved host name . touching each device reveals its hardware address and currently assigned ip address . as far as i can recall it is the same for the stock samsung g s2 ( at least in this region - northern europe ) .
there are a lot of apps in android market which offer import from your google reader subscriptions . the best of them according to lifehacker is doggcatcher podcast player . beyondpod podcast manager also offers import from google reader . but acast ' s description claims that the app has integration with google reader , not just import ( sorry , can not test it myself , this app crashed for me ) .
apparently , it could not be installed because of market country restrictions . . so in case someone needs a solution - i tried using market enabler , and got it ( yt ) installed without problem .
case #1: you can get back to recently used apps by holding down the home key until a menu appears , and then selecting the app you want to return to . case #2: press the home button and open your dictionary app , and then use the method in #1 to return to messaging . this works if you do not have too many apps open , since the memory is limited and if you open too many apps , android will close them from the background . the important distinction is that the home key does not quit the app but exists to the launcher , and the back button exits the app .
i spotted this advice on the post on the google mobile blog announcing the new voice actions . at least one person in the comments claimed success . just run the following commands to uninstall the old system apps if you use a custom rom . adb remount adb shell rm /system/app/googlequicksearchbox . apk adb uninstall com . google . android . googlequicksearchbox adb shell rm /system/app/voicesearch . apk adb uninstall com . google . android . voicesearch then they will install just fine from market ( from the us market ) . marketaccess set to tmo us will allow you to find them .
there is an app in the market with the id " com . ebproductions . android . launcher " that is gingerbread launcher free . this appears to be a slightly modified version of the aosp stock gingerbread launcher that someone 's made available for devices that do not come with the stock launcher installed .
the galaxy s2 has an unlocked bootloader , which means you can install any rom on it , rooting is not mandatory , some roms have root privileges , some do not .
i tried formatting the card again , this time on my computer , using gparted and it worked . i cleared the data of the media storage app and restarted the phone and now all media is visible to all apps again !
install this wifi tether and configure it according to video . it is working
it does not look like there a way to delete huddles , only hide them . navigate to the message , hit the menu button on the handset , and select " hide " .
the answer can be found in the backup tag-wiki . in short : adb backup is the newer file based backup scheme introduced in android 4.0 . it creates a backup of the file system tree and files . better explanation would be it is a logical backup , as files are mainly grouped by apps . side-effect is that files not having a clear relation might be missing from such a backup . it is secure , because you need to unlock the lockscreen first to proceed and one can also encrypt the backups themselves . backups can be done online . this method allows finer-grained control over what gets backuped and restored . nandroid backup is the older partition based concept , i.e. it creates images of the file systems ( think of norton ghost or rather the dd linux tool to have something to compare with ) . a better term here would be physical backup , as it is a blockwise copy . a recovery mode that supports this method ( e . g . clockworkmod recovery ) needs to be installed and started . backups can be created and accessed without entering the lockscreen passphrase . this method is an all-or-nothing approach , restoring individual apps is not possible ( without 3rd party support by titanium backup pro , for example ) find some more details in above mentioned tag-wiki , which also links to further ressources .
there are several system monitors available you might want to give a try . some of them log activities while running in the background , so no information is lost when the device has to be rebooted . while these might not directly point out the troublemaker , you could still see at what time the freeze happened , and which apps might have been active then -- so they should bring you at least closer to finding the culprit . one of those monitor apps is systempanel app / task manager ( it has a free trial version , but that does not log in the background but only allows for " live monitoring" ) . some screenshots from the playstore for illustration : systempanel ( source : google play ) an alternative would be system tuner , which offers similar functionality .
gps relies on your device picking up radio signals transmitted by satellites orbiting above us , an awful lot of things can block these relatively weak signals . from pocket gps world : how does the global positioning system work ? buildings , terrain , electronic interference , or sometimes even dense foliage can block signal reception , causing position errors or possibly no position reading at all . gps units typically will not work indoors , underwater or underground . ( my emphasis ) this is the same whether you are using a dedicated gps receiver , or a smart phone , if the radio signal can not get through your device will not be able to pick it up . in addition phones tend to have less sensitive gps receivers than large , powerful , dedicated gps devices with large antennae so there are likely to be marginal places undercover where your phone will not be able to pick up a gps signal when a dedicated device may be able to .
since you are still receiving the messages , the app must just be buggy . you could try using the handcent sms app instead .
vudroid . market it has " go to page " , but can not search .
be sure to check Settings-&gt;CyanogenMod Settings-&gt;Sound-&gt;Quiet Hours and make sure that it is disabled . that is been an unknowing culprit for me in the past .
prior to android 3.0 ( honeycomb ) , android did not natively supported encrypting local storage at all . android 3.0 introduced the ability to encrypt the local device , and to enforce device encryption by activesync policy . other than the galaxy nexus , every phone currently on the market is running either a 1 . x or 2 . x version of android , none of these support device or removable media encryption in the android os , it is possible that some manufacturers may have added encryption , but this is not a standard part of the os available to standard activesync implementations . for android 4 . x phones ( currently only the galaxy nexus ) full device encryption ( and the relevant policies ) is brought to phones but this still does not seem to include removable media .
can you not make your own ? open up paint or photoshop of some sort and fill an area black . save the image as a png and then place on your phones memory card . then on the phone set your wallpaper from the gallery and select the black image .
select Google Maps as default and then you only need to select Navigation to open Google Navigation .
places is part of google maps ( and was introduced with maps 4.4 about a year ago ) , you should be able to see and search for all the same businesses and attractions in the main google maps app , places just puts a nicer interface on it . much of the data came from what used to be called google local . businesses can add themselves to local/maps/places and update their records themselves , here http://www.google.com/local/add/promo google maps has had a " add your business to google maps " link on the page pretty much forever , that links to http://www.google.com/local/add?hl=engl=us also just like other local business discovery services like foursquare , users themselves can add places into places , check into them and rate them through the app or http://www.google.com/hotpot see also the announcement page from when " place pages " were first added to the web version of google maps back in 2009 which has some more details http://googleblog.blogspot.com/2009/09/place-pages-for-google-maps-there-are.html including that you can add them through community edits or google map maker .
adb reboot bootloader  then fastboot flash &lt;whatever-it-is-you-want-to-flash&gt;  if you see at any point when executing fastboot command , the pc is not configured to use fastboot properly . most typically , this is because you are not running fastboot with elevated privileges . it may also be that you do not have the drivers correctly installed , which may happen under windows 8 because of its insistence on signed drivers . - source
it is very unlikely that samsung will ever release an unmodified android firmware for the galaxy s ii . they have never released one for their galaxy s family of phones without their touchwiz " enhancements " . historically the only android devices that have run the stock os have been the very early phones released by each manufacturer ( before they had written their own customizations ) and the google nexus series of phones . if you stray away from that you are going to get modified firmwares , interfaces and apps . one of the big downsides to using a phone that has extensive manufacturer customizations is that this means that they will generally be a lot slower in pushing out updated versions of the android os to you . phones with manufacturer customized os 's are normally updated months after the nexus devices , if ever . this is because the manufacturers have to do lots of work and testing to re-integrate all of their changes and customizations back into the os every time the base os changes . factor in the fact that phone companies often drag their feet in certifying the updated os 's on their networks and you have a huge set of delays before the updates reach your phone . the big upsides to a customized os is that the manufacturer will often add a lot of features that are not available to stock os phones , eg samsung 's touchwiz offered built-in wireless tethering well before it was added to the stock os in froyo , both htc sense and samsung touchwiz add remote phone tracking and wiping features to the phones ( in most geographic regions ) , their media players can generally play more formats , and the interfaces often look " nicer " . your main option for " clean " firmwares running the stock os for non-nexus phones is to use unofficial custom roms . many of these use the stock android interface and apps , with only minimal changes to either . see these questions for more on custom roms : what is the difference between : rooting , jailbreak , rom , mod , etc , and what is the meaning of “flashing a custom rom” ? also see this previous question : android phones without custom uis update : since this answer was written one things has changed . in mid-2013 google started offering " google play edition " phones for sale on the play store in certain regions in addition to their own nexus line of devices . these " google play edition " phones tend to be some of the more popular , higher-end gsm phones and are offered with the plain android os with google apps , and without any manufacturer or carrier modifications , just like nexus phones . so far these phones have been getting os updates much faster than their manufacturer modified brethren . so far the phones available on there in " pure google " versions include the samsung galaxy s4 , htc one , lg g pad 8.3 , sony z ultra , and motorola moto g . as these are generally the exact same hardware as their manufacturer branded siblings there are often fairly simple ways to apply these " clean " oss to branded phones ( but do check that you really do have the same hardware , some of these phones have variations with the same name , but different hardware in them , eg they may be available in gsm , cdma , lte versions with totally different radio hardware and soc cpus ) .
just tap the document you are reading . ( note , not a long-tap ; that opens a different menu . ) from page 5 of " getting started with adobe reader . pdf " ( which downloads with the app ) : my pdf documents are in adobe reader . now what do i do ? tap the middle of the screen once to reveal the toolbars . after a few moments , they disappear until you tap again .
to begin with this , i do not think that this question does not belong here , because it is related to the android system logs and that is something we can be helpfull with . i found a thread , where the people are discussing various methods to obtain these log information - see here : there are several directories where logs ( including those from crashes ) might appear -- not all of them are standardized ( i.e. . some may be rom-specific ) . /data/anr: some trace files seem to get here ( dalvik writes stack traces here on anr , i.e. " application not responding " aka " force-close" ; see e.g. log excerpts here ) /data/dontpanic seems to be a standard location ( aosp ) , and contains some crash logs including traces ( see e.g. viaforensics and stackoverflow ) /data/kernelpanics is another location -- not having had any " kernel panic " on my android devices , i saw no content there yet . the /data/panic/panic_daemon.config may point to other locations configured -- on my droid 2 it mentions /sdcard/panic_data/ /data/tombstones may hold several tombstone_nn files ( with nn being a serial , increased with every new file ) . as tombstones are placed for the dead , it is done here for " processes died by accident " ( i.e. . crashed ) -- and it is what is referred to as " core dumps " on linux/unix systems . however , not all apps create tombstones ; this must be explicitly enabled by the developer ( see debugging android core dumps ) . since you already have root access to your phone , you can even examine the logcat output through the adb . here are some other links that might be of use for you : link - the " android system info " application 's description link - the " crash log ( logcat ) " application ( playstore link ) link - * in brief : since it is a long artice , which describes how to debug , this can be found anywhere in google ( see also " debuggerd" ) . this is of course if those links ever get down . my personal advice - revert to the original android rom , which was installed on the samsung , then perform a revert to factory defaults , go where you bought the phone and ask them to see it once more if the problem persists . cheers
android 2.1 does not have any preloaded ebook readers but specific phones may have something preloaded . the pre-loaded apps depend on the carrier , but regardless you can download different ebook readers from the android app market for free . unfortunately none of the current ebook readers are a complete solution as they all have major limitations . here are the main players : free and non-proprietary ( free app and free books ) aldiko : supports epubs with and without adobe drm . there are thousands of these books available ; aldiko also has an included store selling commercial , drm-protected books . great user interface . aldiko also has a paid app that has more features . there are a bunch more that do the open source books in the app market but none hold a candle to aldiko . proprietary ( these are all free apps but in most cases you have to buy the books ) ereader : only reads pdb files and you have to sideload the app . there area several book stores that sell books in this format including ereader . com and fictionwise but these books are usually twice as much as kindle or nook books . barnes and noble used to sell pdb ebooks but swicthed to a drm'd epub . this has got a great ( powerful and easy ) ui and used to be my favorite when i could get books from b and n but now it is useless to me . nook : reads open epubs and drm'd epubs you buy from barnes and noble . the ui needs a lot of work compared to ereader and aldiko . * i just abandoned this for the kindle app . kindle : ( this one comes pre-loaded on the t-mobile galaxy s ) reads drm'd ( . azw ) ebooks you buy from amazon . * this is now my ereader of choice . kobo : reads ebooks from kobo.com. i have not bothered with this since the nook came out . it used to be able to read borders . com books but i do not know anymore . the old version of the app did not allow for offline reading but they might have fixed that . most of the major proprietary readers ( nook , kindle and kobo ) all have about the same selection of new release books at the same price ( about $12.99 per book ) . i expect these apps to get a lot better in the future it is just a very frustrating that i used to be able to use a much more robust and user friendly app ( ereader ) with new b and n books , but now i have had to downgrade to the nook . but to answer you question ( got off on a tangent there , sorry ) : if you get the galaxy s from t-mobile you will have kindle pre-loaded , but even if nothing 's pre-loaded you can download all or any of the above mentioned apps for free from the android market ( except ereader which you have to sideload ) . update : amazon just recently updated their kindle app with a few key features ( that i came to love in ereader ) that make it a nook killer in my book : 1 . ability to highlight text and make notes 2 . ability to long click on a word and look it up at dictionary . com or wikipedia . i am switching to the kindle app now although i am annoyed that i just bought two nook books .
as per users it seems that the only official thing to do is to change mainboard that is somewhat faulty on this c8 series . service centre should handle such situation .
as of now , the checking for ble support has to be done manually by studying specifications and searching on google ( as far as i know ) . see this question on stackoverflow : bluetooth smart ( 4.0 ) / gatt support in android 4.0 ? it states that android does not support bluetooth 4.0 ( le ) out of the box up to android-4.0 ( maybe with jelly bean 4.1 onwards , the nexus 7 tab suggests that ) . manufacturers have to add their own api to allow access to bt le ( e . g . this app is limited to motorola ) . that is why your mileage may vary with different phones up to 4.0 . casio 's bluetooth le enabled watch is also an example of limited ( official ) compatibility ( not even the iphone 4s is mentioned , by the way ) . my best guess is that with more devices having 4.1 the issue will solve by itself and you can find apps showing it . here are lists by manufacturers : motorola htc : good listing not found yet google : galaxy nexus ( not with 4.0 ) , nexus 7 tab
never ever flash android rom without wiping data / cache wipe dalvik cache format system ( optional , but requires for some rom ) always read instructions carefully before flashing any rom / mod and reverify whether its for your phone model only . anyway , as you said you are not able to go to recovery mode , therefore there is no use of having a backup . try to reset your phone , ( ie , press power button for approx 7 - 10 sec ) . if nothing works , follow below instructions : take out the battery . put on the back cover . hold both volume + and volume - while plug in the usb cable to a pc . it will automatically get into ftm mode . then flash generic 2.2 firmware on it . after flashing , it may stuck in the ftm loop . put in the battery and flash again . after 2nd flashing , take out the battery for 10 seconds . then put it back . press and hold both power and volume + to boot into android . i have no experience with zte v9 , so i can not hand on step by step tutorial . hope your phone gets well soon . sources : modaco : zte bricked androidforums : zte unbrick manual
as soon as the device gets factory-reset , you can forget about tracking it with google 's device manager : as your google account on the device is gone then , there is no way for google 's dm to communicate with it . unless you have installed some anti-theft solution which integrates with the rom ( and thus survices a factory-reset – a feature offered e.g. by cerberus , if your device is rooted ) , you will have lost all control then . but even a rom-integrated solution would be gone as soon as a new rom is flashed . as long as it is still working , you could take a second device and follow the lost one . once in range that you should be able to see it , you could trigger the 5-minutes-permanent-ringer . in the hope for an " honest finder " , who should take this as a proof and hand your device back to you . do not wait too long , or the battery might be dead !
couple of different ways : since you are specifically talking about linux , you can download remote audio from google play . it is free , and connects to your linux computer using ssh , then listens to your soundcard via its dev/dsp mount . download a " remote desktop " app . there are several , most are paid apps , and they each target a particular remote admin protocol and/or desktop os . most of them will forward audio as well as video , turning your android device into a full remote control for your desktop .
as my suggestion in above comment seems to be relevant , i hereby convert it to an answer as promised : it might be that is some " cached info " somewhere . you could try walking your apps ( settings &rarr ; apps &rarr ; manage apps ) for all fitting things ( media player , media scanner , es file explorer . . . ) and delete their caches . check whether that solves the issue . if not , you could try to delete data for media player/scanner at the same place ( at least scanner data should be rebuilt on the next scan ; the player would lose its configured preferences when deleting data ) . keep in mind to check all apps ( not just the downloaded section : the latter only applies to the apps you have installed yourself , while the former also includes system apps ) . when you have cleared cache and data , you library might appear empty at first . this is no bug or problem -- it is just the media scanner needs to rebuild its library . this happens on certain events : after a reboot after a re-mount of the sd card ( e . g . plugging it into your computer via usb , then disconnect it again ) when another app triggers it ( take e.g. a look at sdrescan for this ) .
uninstalling the yahoo weather app worked for me . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2293566page=2
open the people application ( it is the name of the contacts app in jelly bean ) and edit the entry for " me " . set your picture there .
from the htc support page : what is connected media and how do i use it ? this is a new application that allows you to play pictures , music and videos stored on your phone or on a media server to dlna supported device such as a tv , music player or even speakers . to access connected media all programs ( button on the lower-left of the screen ) > connected media . so , anything that is dlna compliant should show up as a connected device . here is more information on connected media from htc .
as goggles is an app that you have said you are curious about , here are the permissions it asks for ( copied from the market web page ) : this application has access to the following : your accounts google app engine allows applications to sign in to google app engine using the account ( s ) stored on this phone . access other google services allows applications to sign in to unspecified google services using the account ( s ) stored on this phone . act as an account authenticator allows an application to use the account authenticator capabilities of the accountmanager , including creating accounts and getting and setting their passwords . manage the accounts list allows an application to perform operations like adding , and removing accounts and deleting their password . use the authentication credentials of an account allows an application to request authentication tokens . hardware controls take pictures and videos allows application to take pictures and videos with the camera . this allows the application at any time to collect images the camera is seeing . your location coarse ( network-based ) location access coarse location sources such as the cellular network database to determine an approximate device location , where available . malicious applications can use this to determine approximately where you are . fine ( gps ) location access fine location sources such as the global positioning system on the device , where available . malicious applications can use this to determine where you are , and may consume additional battery power . network communication full internet access allows an application to create network sockets . your personal information read contact data allows an application to read all of the contact ( address ) data stored on your device . malicious applications can use this to send your data to other people . write contact data allows an application to modify the contact ( address ) data stored on your device . malicious applications can use this to erase or modify your contact data . storage modify/delete usb storage contents modify/delete sd card contents allows an application to write to the usb storage . allows an application to write to the sd card . having used goggles for a while , these all seem fairly innocuous , here are what goggles does that needs those permissions : your accounts everything under this heading is needed because goggles links to your google account and stores your goggles history in your google account , so that you can go back at look at your previous searches , even after you change phones . to do this it needs to access the google account login credentials already saved in your phone 's " accounts " list , otherwise it would have to prompt you to log in to google every time you open it , or re-save your credentials again itself , which is a bit silly when they are already stored centrally on the phone . if you have more than one google account on your phone , then the first time you open goggles it asks you which one you want to save your history into . there is a setting that stops it saving your search history if you do not want this . hardware controls the entire point of goggles is to take pictures using the camera , it can not do that without these permissions . your location using goggles you can take pictures of landmarks and buildings and have it automatically identify them . it uses your location to help it narrow down the guesses of what you are photographing . network communication it uses google 's servers and massive databases to help it identify the potentially billions of different things you could photograph and ask it to recognize . your personal information * read/write contact data * you can take a photo of a business card with goggles and have it save the contact details from the business card straight into your contacts . storage you can set goggles to save all the images it takes to your sd card for later viewing via the gallery app ( this is in the settings and is off by default ) . so , as far as i can see , they have a legitimate reason for all of the permissions that the app asks for that fits with one or more of the apps functions or needs . could they also use these permissions for other purposes ? yes , but personally i trust the app to only use the access for the required purposes , after all google has plenty of other ways to get all of that info , as i am already syncing all of my contacts , etc up to gmail anyway !
i am using a nexus 4 with new version of playstore . i can see a " share " button just below the " reviews " section . you can check once again if you have missed it : )
it is really up to the developer as to how to implement the location service . the full description is available here : http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/location/obtaining-user-location.html the graph about 1/3rd down the page is pretty useful to see what a typical app might do , but again , it is completely up to the app developer . the location service types are : cached fix cell-id wifi gps mock location if the app requests permission for coarse location only , it will not use the gps to determine location . to answer your questions . . . it is up to the individual app developer , but in most cases the sequence will be cached fix , cell-id , wifi , gps , in that order . yes , after acquiring the tower ids or ssids of the wifi signals , that data is transmitted to google to determine a rough location . no , google has done something really clever here . google has their own database of cell tower locations , and does not require an interaction with the carrier to determine the location of the tower . this article has some of the detail http://franciscokattan.com/2010/02/06/dynamic-cell-id-clever-way-to-block-google-but-will-it-backfire/ the short version is that , when you use an app like google maps , the app will send the current cell-id information back along with your current gps fix . in this way , google gets a very good sampling of the signal strengths in various locations , and is able to build a very rich database .
the android bug report system . search to see if someone has already suggested the feature , then submit your idea using the feature request template .
maybe because you have not removed only the small apps that does not take significant space . go to settings -> apps -> select " all " on apps tab -> click menu and click sort by size . you will see the apps sorted by the size it takes on your phone . check if the top apps in this list are taking most of your space .
i am not aware of a full-blown replacement for titanium backup , but there are solutions for the specific functions you are after : recent versions of link2sd can convert user apps to system apps and vice versa ( available on google play ) . switchme offers a solution for switching among multiple user profiles ( available on google play ) . the free version is limited to two profiles and " no security features " .
so i figured out a while back that it is my phones locale that is affecting this but never really thought i could change it . this morning however as i was doing a goolge search for " how to change android locale " i though about trying to search for an app on the market . sure enough there are a few that can . the one that i have gone with is made by inka . custom locale
it is not currently possible yet with the official cwm ( v6.0.2.3 ) or twrp ( v2.6.3.0 ) : clockworkmod recovery v6.0.2 . x will throw this error . you have to update it to cwm 6.0.4.5 which is not yet available for the galaxy tab 2 , 10.1 ( gt-p5113 ) . the latest version of twrp 2.6.3.0 also has this error . cyanogenmod posted about this issue on google plus with old versions of cwm . however it is possible with an unofficial recovery here is a description of the problem you are encountering with android 4.4 , in short , the previously used set_perms method was deprecated and replaced by set_metadata . unfortunately , most of available recoveries didn’t allow users to flash these packages properly , and this has resulted in the following error message : set_metadata_recursive : some changes failed this means you will have to use a different recovery that supports set_metadata_recursive , one such recovery that worked for me was , philz-non-touch-recovery_6 _ ( advanced-cwm ) . tar . md5 it is based off of cwm base v6.0.4.5 . you can find a conversation about it here . what i did was boot into download mode : shut down the tablet . unplug the usb . hold volume up and power . let go of both after it boots and you see it is in download mode . plug in usb . then you are going to want to untar the archive you have downloaded , tar xvvf ./GT-P5110_PhilZ-NON-Touch-Recovery_6_\(Advanced-CWM\).tar.md5  and , finally flash it into the recovery partition , heimdall flash --RECOVERY recovery.img --no-reboot  now when you boot into recovery mode and you are in philz non touch recovery 6 , you will see the option to flash the cm11 . zip , or adb sideload it , which is what i did . footnotes the gt-p5110 for philz works with the gt-p5113 too ; i have the gt-p5113 and it worked fine . this tutorial will also work just fine with the gt-p5110 ( which i think has a official cwm that does this ) . on this page you can also find the download link for the gt-p5100 .
after months of not being able to debug through adb , i have figured it out . according to this answer on stack overflow , the program EasyTetherUSBEthernet can cause problems with adb . running this in terminal , with a reboot fixed all my problems . sudo kextunload -v /System/Library/Extensions/EasyTetherUSBEthernet.kextv  if you need to use EasyTetherUSBEthernet you can reload it using : sudo kextload -v /System/Library/Extensions/EasyTetherUSBEthernet.kext 
it means that the app is checking the play store to see if you have made any in-app purchases that have not yet been activated on that device . it is normal behaviour , you do not need to worry about it .
the command is mount -o remount,rw /system
casting your android device to chromecast is not officially supported . the cast screen tile shows up in certain conditions but at the moment it is not possible to cast your screen . from the original article : the cast screen tile seems to pop up for users of nexus and newer motorola devices when certain chromecast apps have been used , for example allcast . it is triggering something in android related to an incomplete casting feature – that is all we can say for sure . no one has , to our knowledge , gotten this native screen casting feature to work on a stock device – it just crashes when trying to connect to a chromecast . ( . . . ) presumably google will fix this and expose it to users eventually , but right now all you are seeing is a stub of a future feature . update - at google i/o 2014 they announced that screen mirroring is coming in a future update of google play services . it is expected that this will roll out in the next few weeks .
ps : i have just talked to some of my friends and on their phone i disappeared from their favourites list automatically without manually refreshing . i have just received the following answer from whatsapp 's support team : hi there , thanks for confirming your account to be deleted within the whatsapp settings . your phone number has been deactivated and it is scheduled to be deleted within 30 days . therefore , please have your contacts refresh their favorites list so that you no longer appear as a whatsapp user . if you have any other questions or concerns , please feel free to contact us . we would be happy to help ! sad that my friends have to refresh their favourites list manually for me to be deleted . especially when exactly this is described by whatsapp 's faq to be done seemingly automatically when you delete your account : deleting your account will do the following : [ … ] delete you from your friends ' whatsapp favorites lists . [ … ]
the theory is that you should not need to know . when the developer publishes an app there is a manifest . xml file that describes the required capabilities . these can be both hardware and firmware related . e.g. you need a minimum android version or you need a specific hardware feature like gps . google play then automatically filters which apps you can see and install based on these requirements . the developer can also impose geographic requirements and potentially carrier requirements as well as disallowing specific devices if they want to . in your case the obvious thing to do is to first check if the developer has a website with any more information . if that is of no help try emailing them the filtering can be tricky and catches developers out . if the developer is at all responsive they should come back to you . it is in their interest to have the app work on as many devices as possible normally , so if there is no good reason for it to be incompatible with your device they should appreciate the opportunity to work out the issue . if there is a valid issue then your question may help prompt them to make the information available on a website or in the description .
a chromecast version of filmon is now available in the play store - it works perfectly !
if you go to Settings -&gt; Backup &amp; reset there is a Back up my data option which states : back up application data , wi-fi passwords , and other settings to google servers in addition to this on the android os support site it says : a wide variety of your personal data is backed up autonmatically , including your wi-fi passwords , browser bookmarks , a list of the apps you’ve installed on google play , the words you’ve added to the dictionary used by the onscreen keyboard , and most of your customized settings . some third-party apps may also take advantage of this feature , so you can restore your data if you reinstall an app . if you uncheck this option , your data stops getting backed up , and any existing backups are deleted from google servers . as for the security concerns although i assume they must be sending plain-text wifi passwords according to the backup service developer guide they are at least using a secure connection to do it over .
as pendant to the udev setup you describe in your question , windows needs a special driver . until recently that meant the manufacturer had to provide one matching to the device ; but luckily we now have the universal android usb driver , which should work for most devices . if that does not work for yours , you need to check with huawei for a specific driver .
apparently the catalog has to support it . i never realized that the default catalogs with aldiko did not have a sorting by title as i always use the custom catalog drinkmalk and it does have a " by title/series " alphabetical ordering of books .
one way to prevent this is to create an extra guest profile with help from switchme : get root , install switchme , create an guest profile , protect your profile with an password and enable switchme 's login manager feature . this allows you to recover the tablet by rebooting into your profile and resetting or deleting the guest profile . note that switchme may not work with your rom .
unlocking a phone from network has nothing to do with manufacturer updates . its more of , being able to take a sim card from another network and pop it in . for example , buy a handset from orange , and using a t-mobile sim card in the new orange handset , the t-mobile will not work as the handset is locked into the orange network and thusly refuse any other sim card except orange 's own . by unlocking the orange handset , you can effectively pop in the t-mobile sim card in place and continue using the handset as if it was " bought from t-mobile " instead . a unlock code would be required ( there are plenty of websites that can do this for you for a fee ) , some operators will charge you for the unlock code - again this is dependent on whether you are on contract or pay-as-you-go - check the terms and conditions of that first . for example , from my dealings on modaco 's forum , orange will not give you the unlock code until after a time period of usage on contract , think it was 3 months , again check ! once a unlock code is handed over to you , this is taken from the handset 's imei number and the designated sim card that you wish to use , which a 6 or 8 digit number is generated , that , going by the previous example , a t-mobile sim card gets popped in , the orange 's handset will prompt for the network unlock code , in which the 6 or 8 digit number is entered to unlock it thus freeing the handset from the network . one thing though , this happens with samsung , flashing unofficially using the likes of odin or multiloader , it could mess up the handset , because there is a checking in place to ensure that if the handset is locked , the flashing will fail . kies is one ! now , this was going back about 18 months ago , so i do not know if that applies now . if you are thinking of flashing a custom rom , double check to ensure that the handset can indeed be flashed with the network lock in place .
it could be a misbehaving app keeping the device awake ; i have that about once a month with my motorola milestone 2 . did not figure out how to prevent it , but a reboot always solved it . a proposal how to " catch " it , however : there is an app called drainguard available on the playstore . it watches your battery consumption , and gives an alert as soon as it detects a " sudden drop " . this helps to notice the " power drain " before the "5% alert " makes a noise and switches your phone off -- so you can either start investigating while the process is ongoing ( some time left before " full drain" ) , or simply trigger an immediate reboot to " kick the bad guy out " when in a hurry .
if you are using the terminal app on your device then you do not need to use " adb shell " . you just need to run the " am broadcast -a android . intent . action . screen_on " . i do not know why you would want to run that from your terminal app since the screen would already be on . you need to have usb debugging on if you are trying to connect via the console on your pc to your device . you also need to have the drivers installed if you are using a windows machine .
you could use e.g. calendar event reminder , and disable notifications in the default/stock calendar . with cer , you can setup reminders for each calendar separately , and even deactivate alerts for calendars you do not want to be alerted for ( in your case , the " work " calendar ) . the added plus is you will never miss an alert anymore , as you can configure cer to annoy you until you shut the alert of manually . i have bought the app when it was still payed , and it never let me down . unfortunately , i do not know of any way to do that with the native calendar -- but at least this is a free solution , though it takes an extra app : )
yes install some other tts engine like , this or this . and as the market page says , to enable it : 1 . menu > settings > voice input and output > text-to-speech settings 2 . check " espeak tts " . 3 . set your " default engine " to " espeak tts " .
i wanted to be able to use adb 's ability to simulate touch input to pair a bluetooth mouse to my phone , but it does not seem like this is going to be possible because i am running 4.2+ which requires rsa fingerprint authentication . . . which none of my computers have permission for . i will order a usb 3-way y cable and use a hack version of usb otg to plug in a physical mouse . i can do this because i can use adb through fastboot to temporarily boot a non-touch cwm recovery , then use adb to push the modified kernel img and flash using the non-touch interface , which should then hopefully boot up . since i am on cm10.2 i already know franco kernel causes soft-brick , so hopefully the modified otg stock kernel does not cause soft-brick . once i have the phone fully booted , it should just be a matter of connecting a power source and pointing device to interface with my device .
posted my question too quickly , i just found a way to do a bit the same , when the keyboard is out , a press on back will hide it , this is handy when filling forms with numerous entries , to make the keyboard pop out again simply click in a text field . . . this is enough so far , and a long press on the menu will bring out the search window .
cyanogenmod has tcpdump installed . you can run it from the shell , just make sure you select the correct interface : tcpdump -i tiwlan0 -vv or , you can write the dump to a file on your sdcard , and analyze it with wireshark on your desktop later : tcpdump -i tiwlan0 -w /mnt/sdcard/tcpdump . out there is also software like shark for root , which will capture the packets like tcpdump ( it requires root , but does not require tcpdump , which is available on my cyanogenmod 7.1 , but i am not sure if it is available in all versions of cyanogenmod ) .
as far as i know ( not from us/ca ) the p999 is a t-mobile g2x device with vanilla android , whereas p990 is lg optimus 2x . the specs are mostly similar but there are certain differences , such as the os customization . maybe a custom rom will bring the functionality to the g2x as well .
i tried to download the link using chrome for android several times , but it always disappears . like i have been telling myself before , android for chrome is not mature enough and lacking in ( so many ) features . i would suggest installing a 3rd-party browser like dolphin or boat , which are both highly-customizable . i downloaded the mp3 file successfully using boat ( which is my main browser ) , and it appears in my download folder .
the issue is that there is only wpa_supplicant version 1.0 available in debian wheezy . for support of wifi direct you need wpa_supplicant version 1.1 or higher . you can download and compile the latest wpa_supplicant on your own . this way you make sure wpa_cli is available and wifi direct is supported .
while it sounds strange that there should be no keyboard present , and as trivial as it might sound : simply installing an alternative keyboard from the playstore should fix that . take e.g. hacker 's keyboard , which is a very flexible one , and well rated ( i am using it myself on my tablets ) . simply install it , and its settings should turn up at the place you have described . optionally , add the dictionaries for the languages you like to have them ( see the keyboard 's playstore page , some are directly linked to the app ) . do it from a pc/laptop as you currently have no keyboard available on your device , it might be difficult/impossible to use the playstore app on the device itself to install the above . you can still install it : on your laptop/pc , open a web browser and go to https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.pocketworkstation.pckeyboard log in with the credentials of the google account you use on your device click the " install " button , accept the permissions for the app ( they are ok ) the keyboard will be pushed to your device once the installation has finished ( you can see this in your device 's notification area ) , you can go to the described place ( settings → language and input → keyboards and input methods ) and make the new keyboard the default input method . with that final step , you problem should be solved . no google-account configured on the device ? in this case , installation via the web interface cannot work either , as the app-to-be-installed cannot be pushed to the device . still , there is something you can do : on your pc/laptop : visit the hacker 's keyboard project 's download page and download the .apk file to your computer if you do not have any file manager on your android device : you will need the android sdk installed , or at least a " mini variant " ( the adb/adb.exe binary and , on windows , its helper .dll files -- check the adb tag and its wiki for details , and see qtadb for a simple , user-friendly variant working on windows , mac and linux ) when on windows : make sure you have the drivers for your android device installed on your android-device : enable unknown-sources to activate side-loading ( settings&rarr ; security : check " unknown sources" ) if you do not have a file-manager app on your android device : enable adb debugging ( settings&rarr ; development : check usb-debugging ) connect your android device with your pc/laptop via usb cable to install your .apk . . . if you have a file-manager app on your android device : simply copy the .apk to your device as you usually copy files there use your file-manager app to navigate to the .apk " tapp " the .apk file 's entry . after asking your confirmation , the app will be installed . skip all below -- you are done . if you do not have a file-manager app on your device : use pm install via the adb command-line to install the .apk on your android device ( see xda-developers for more details on this -- usually it should be adb pm install /path/to/download/*.apk , replace the /path/to/download part with the full directory name of where you saved the .apk to ) .
when you hold the home key and tap power , it takes a screenshot . unfortunately sometimes lag causes the home press to be delayed/extended , so if you press it and let go before hitting power it will still happen sometimes . the original sgs suffers from this issue as well , though it uses home+back . i would try the same workaround i propose in my answer to that question : go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Running Services and click on ScreenCaptureService to end it . you will have to do this every time you boot up your phone , unless you get a task killer or can remove it somehow , though either of those may have other side effects .
looks like it depends on the book . from google play support : downloading free music , tv shows , and certain free books and magazines is still considered a transaction , even when the price of the item is $0.00 . if you do not have a credit card associated to your google wallet account or if you do not have not set up a google wallet account , you will be prompted to add a new payment method upon when downloading certain content from google play .
cyanogenmod roms has a feature that by long pressing the back button you can kill the running process .
i finally was able to get adb enabled on the beagleboneblack . below is my solution with some debugging pointers . i downloaded and created ad ti-android jb image from scratch . when i booted the beagleboneblack with this image adb worked as expected . below are some of the outputs . lsusb output for the jb image built using latest rowboat files ( jan-2014 ) note : 18d1:d002 google inc . dmesg output for the jb image built using latest rowboat files ( jan-2014 ) note : idvendor= 18d1 idproduct= d002 following is the lsusb output for bbb-angstrom note : 1d6b:0104 linux foundation multifunction composite gadget dmesg output for beagleboneblack ( bbb ) -angstrom note : idvendor= 1d6b , idproduct= 0104 ( as suggested by dan hulme ) edit Command: Sudo ./adb devices Response: List of devices attached ????????? no permission Solution: sudo ./adb kill-server sudo ./adb start-server  from eclipse reference : android error : failed to install * . apk on device *: timeout
ota upgrade has been stopped due to several sw issues . a modified upgrade is expected within weeks , be patient . ( i do have the upgrade , but not installed as i have read about the problems . . . now i am refusing it every day : (
the " market " to " play " renaming is just a re-branding of the store . it will not change any of the underlying availability or features . you will have to ask google ( good luck ! ) about if/when additional feature will be made available in india . so there is nothing to be gained by " upgrading " , other than satisfying the google marketing department . here are some details from the google play faq :
i can give you one suggestion . based on the what you have posted and based on what i understand do the following thing . * . backup all your data through bluetooth and do a settings reset . (Settings --&gt; Privacy --&gt; Settings reset) . and try to connect to computer using your usb setup . if still no help do the next step * . do a factory reset . (Settings --&gt; Privacy --&gt; Factory data reset). if still no help then that might be hardware issue . go to any samsung customer service center . they might replace only the pins section .
i own an og droid and a droid bionic and both phones eventually had similar audio jack problems . on one phone i found the issue to be a wad of dust crammed in the jack which i had to fish out with a [ enter your choice of small pointy tool ] . it could be a result of the internal contact points being pushed back from repeated tension . this would weaken the contact with the audio cable . in your particular case i do not think this is true however . other things you can try : pull the audio cable in and out several times wiggling it and testing it . ( ideally you had want to test it with something that plays audio continuously so you do not have to keep hitting play ) getting a different and potentially better quality audio cable to test with . you can also try resetting to factory default which may help if the problem is software related . ( as long as you have a google account synced with your phone , all your apps will be automatically re-downloaded ) if all else fails , take it back to the phone manufacturer or your phone service provider . they should be able to fix it for a reasonable price . there is the option of trying to fix it yourself but that is not recommended if you are uncomfortable working with small/delicate electronics , not to mention voiding your warranty .
problem i have been recently using my beats tour with my htc one . it was working fine and then it stopped working . first i thought either my phone had a problem or the earphones . i thought of claiming my warranty but , before that i did following tests : plugged different earphones in my htc one from apple , samsung and htc . all worked fine . plugged my beats earphone with iphone , ipod and my computer . it was working fine too . analysis then i compared the connector of beats earphone with others . i noticed a potential design flaw with both beats connector and htc one : beats earphone connector radius is slightly smaller than normal earphone connectors . htc one internal connector was pushed in more when plugging and unplugging earphone . ( i do not exactly know words to explain this but , this usually happens with electronics when using cheap materials ) . solution as i am sure both htc and beats will not be accepting these facts . i recommend you to buy a short extender . i connected my extender to my htc one and beats earphone and it worked like expected . i am not sure if we lose quality when using a cheaper extender .
one of the comments with 9 likes in the video says : Settings &gt; More settings &gt; Under file/data\ufeff transfer, turn off NFC
sms messages are stored in data/data/com.android.providers.telephony/databases/mmssms.db . if you can not see it in your root explorer ( or it is to small ) , try rebooting your device or simply - connect your phone to the computer and copy that file ( using e.g. adb ) on it and i am sure you will be able to read it properly .
you can not upgrade form 10.1.3 to 10.2 directly . you must flash it manually from recovery and you also have to wipe data .
most applications should not disable itself , but that depends on the individual applications .
this will be my way of checking the 3g connectivity issues . might work for you too . first try to reset the apn . follow the steps here if you do not know how . restart your phone . if it did not work , try forcing the phone to 3g . in your dialer , enter *#*#3646#*#* -> phone information -> select wcdma only in the drop down menu . this should make your phone work only in 3g . try testing your speeds via speedtest for bandwidth . if both steps did not solve your problem , try using a different sim in which 3g is working . if this solves your problem , replace the sim from customer care . even now your problem is not solved , try factory reset your phone . warning : this will reset everything in your phone including pictures , take a backup of your phone before proceeding further . if none of the above solves your problem , take it to your htc customer care to check them for hardware defect .
open google maps on android and select latitude to disable latitude . :- )
some questions , and hopefully some answers : so you are currently rooted , running one of the earlier leaks of froyo for the droid ? you are willing to switch to a mod cm6 ? or do you want to go back to plain vanilla stock without root ? if you are currently rooted and willing to try out a mod like cm6 , then go to the market and downlaod rom manager . make a nandroid backup of your phone before you do anything . then download and install cm6 via " download rom " -> cyanogenmod . you want 6.0 , not the rc version . when you download and install it , make sure you include google apps and wipe your data and cache . if you are wanting to go back to plain vanilla stock , be noted that apps like easyroot ( one click root access ) will not work for the latest version of froyo for the droid . you will have to downgrade to 2.1 to get root access back if you go this route . with that said , if you are rooted , go get rom manager . under download rom are " stock images " . one of those options is 2.2 frg01b with the option of root/unrooted . this should put you on the right path of plain vanilla stock . hope this helps , let me know if i misunderstood you and i will try to clarify .
there is a really good thread of discussion about this on androidforums here . in short , leds have a long life span ( 20k+ hours ? ) . so the concern is not really the leds burning out ( although after a long period of time , they will eventually start losing the amount of output and their brightness will dim ) . the real concern is to not apply too much voltage to the led and overheat it . another concern would be overheating your battery ( due to heat dissipation from draining the battery from powering the led ) . in short , if you are only using the led for time periods less than half an hour , you should be okay . if you need to use it longer , go get a real flash light . : )
if you are running the htc sense ui , then it should already be disabled . otherwise check this blog post for a . zip you can flash to disable it .
the language setting was my key problem - after changing the os language from croatian to english ( u . s . ) , google now is miraculously ready to go ! watch the video how to get google now talking to you . . . for an instructional guide on changing your system language .
unfortunately , yes . for now , that is how google has created the maps application ; you cannot use maps ( or navigation ) without internet access . there are other apps that exist , though , that allow you to download maps for use offline . sygic and navfree , for example , both allow you to store maps on your device and then only require a gps fix to give you turn-by-turn directions . note you still need internet ( wifi or data network ) to download the maps the first time , but after that , you are free to shut data off .
njoy is a very good app as well , it uses wifi but you can just use your own hotspot if you are not using wifi atm and turn off data if you do not want extra charges .
google now , you can disable in the settings of the " search " app .
before doing factory reset , you can backup your phone settings to the cloud by going to Settings > Backup &amp; reset and checking the box that says backup my data . once done , you can reset your phone , and when you set it up again with your gmail id it was backed up with , the settings and apps , everything will be restored ( wifi aps as well ) .
the only solution i have found and seems to be working with more than one services , is to make sure that i leave open in the task manager the applications i do not want to be closed down . this is not a bulletproof approach , but it works for hours or even days ( at least in my case ) and it is much faster than manually changing oom priority ( only to find out that oom changes back after a while by the system itself ) . ideal solution would be an application that monitors oom of services specified by the user and making sure it is kept at certain levels , but i have not found any that can do that until now .
" to turn on automatic updating ? " i highly doubt there is an intent for this - that is a user setting and android does not generally allow apps to change user settings . i think the best solution is to , first , manually turn on the auto-updates feature of the play store , and set it to wifi only , and second , launch the play store when you connect to the desired hotspot . just launching it will typically cause it to perform any pending updates . i am not sure how you specify this in tasker or llama , but you can launch the play store by sending an intent that requests that a play store url be launched ( e . g . the url of a play store app or publisher ) , e.g. new intent ( intent . action_view , uri . parse ( " http://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id= "+appname ) ) more info about that is here . finally , you should go to the wifi settings and mark your home wifi network as metered . whoops . i have seen that setting in the api docs here but now i can not find a way for a user to set it . maybe that is only available for cell networks , or maybe that is coming in future versions of android ( the api was just added recently ) .
this issue is caused by the fact that the android chrome browser does not understand utf-8 encoding . i was utf-8 encoding the file names since the desktop version of chrome requires this . it turns out that file names do not need to be utf-8 encoded for non-ascii characters for the android chrome browser . i was able to successfully download a file using android chrome with korean characters in it without encoding it with utf-8 .
method 1 . the base way is to sync your contacts to your gmail account from your sony ericsson w810i if that is possible . then sync that account to your galaxy and your contacts will be copied ota easily . method 2 . sync all your contacts from your sony ericsson to outlook . then export those contacts from outlook to a csv file . once you have your contacts in csv file you can import that csv file to your gmail account and then sync that gmail account to your galaxy s 2 and you are done .
have you had specific problems with this ? many roms will work fine when updating from one version to another . for example , the instructions on cyanogenmod 's forums ( taking the evo as an example ) say : upgrading from earlier version of cyanogenmod 7 ? perform a nandroid backup of your current rom . flash cyanogenmod ( your google apps will be backed up and restored automatically ) . specifically they are referring to a case such as upgrading from say 7.0 to 7.1 . the nand backup is just in the event that you want to roll back or something goes wrong , but in reality you could even consider that optional ( though highly encouraged ) . again taking cm as an example , you usually only need to wipe your phone if you are going from one major version to another . a good example would be if you are going from an android 2.2-based rom to an android-2.3 based rom . this is because there are some significant changes under the hood to android , and is not really related to the specific rom itself in most cases . the exception to this is typically carrier ota updates since they specifically tailor them to play nice with the previous versions ( end users would not want to wipe their phone for every ota , obviously ) . edit : just to clarify , what i mean by the above is that cm will not wipe your /data partition ( or /cache , i believe ) on its own , as described here . it will also backup google apps and reinstall them to /system during the update . you can wipe /data manually from your recovery or rom manager , but you certainly do not have to . i have read , though , that using rom manager to flash an update will automatically wipe /data . there may be a setting for this or this may not be exactly true - i am not sure because i do not install my roms this way ( i boot into recovery and do it manually ) .
the sim lock stuff is in a separate rom chip that is not part of the normal phone storage , afaik . it is manufacturer/device dependent . definitely nothing to do with the baseband ( and you can certainly flash other basebands ) .
not with the gmail app that comes with the phone , no . but , if you really wanted this , you could do it like so : create a new gmail account , like emailsfrommyfriendjohnsmith@gmail.com. setup the new gmail account in your android phone , and enable notifications . in the gmail web interface , set up a filter in your current gmail account that has all email from your friend forwarded to the new email address . ( you will still see these emails in your regular inbox . ) voila !
the youtube video refers to an xda page as shown below : that xda page gives further details about the cm9 rom , gapps and instructions . your lg p690 's hardware seems to be a close match to my lg p500 . so , if you are not satisfied with the rom mentioned , you can give a shot with lgp500 's rom - the chances of getting it working in your p690 is good . please search this site for details on knowing from where to download rom for p500 .
the current encryption scheme is outlined on the android website 's " notes on the implementation of encryption in android 3.0" page . from that page , the specific algorithm used is noted as such : the actual encryption used for the filesystem for first release is 128 aes with cbc and essiv:sha256 that is the only official documentation i have seen for it at this point , but it is fairly lengthy and informative .
keep clicking on the Next button as if you are agreeing . then you can choose ' no , maybe later` to opt out of google-now . when you perform a normal search under your previous searches/ suggested searches there is a link to " get google now " again ! you can click the big x beside it and it will not come back . however , some updates and reinstalling the search app may cause this to recur again , but the steps above will get rid of it .
yes , with firefox mobile . the search plugins from addons.mozilla.com can be installed directly in firefox mobile . if the search plugins from addons.mozilla.com do not cut it , shortmarks . com lets you make your own search plugins to save on your firefox install . this guide might help .
there is qtadb which uses adb . you can also install an ssh or ftp server on the phone and then use nautilus with ssh://ip-or-name-of-your-phone/ or ftp://ip-or-name-of-your-phone/ urls ( you can create bookmarks in nautilus ) . the cool thing about a standard ssh or ftp server on your phone is that you do not have to install anything special on the computer . i use quicksshd on the phone , but there are also other ssh servers available ( search the market , please ) . ftp servers i know are swiftp and ftpserver . i did not test these with nautilus yet , but they should work .
you are running sense that comes with these " extra " " sense like experience " apps . you are right , you cannot remove them by normal means . if you go to manage applications and select each htc app ( peep , facebook for htc sense ) you will not be given the option to uninstall them or delete them . if you do root your phone , you will be able to uninstall them via either adb or flashing some zips . you will not be able to just uninstall them the normal way once rooted . removing peep can possibly disrupt some htc widgets but you can still access twitter via the twitter app or other apps such as plume , tweetdeck etc . same thing for facebook/facebook for htc sense . friend stream is another htc app that integrates other social apps . users report different compatibility issues between friend stream and versions of the social apps . it does allow login with any version of facebook/twitter/flickr .
regarding your first 2 questions ( reboot / suspend ) : no this is not normal , however , as a lot of software from a lot of different vendors are running on your phone , it is inevitable that under certain conditions certain apps can cause your phone to " crash " . in an ideal world , no piece of software should be able to crash the underlying os and the phone , however , most likely , difficult to reproduce bugs with the underlying android os can lead to phone reboots . regarding the lag . there is a known issue with the samsung galaxy s and the " lagging " . checkout the links below for more info on the actual issue , and some fixes ( all require rooting your phone unfortunately ) . updating the android version to > 2.1 does not seem to resolve the issue . samsung is aware of this issue , but does not seem to have any plans in fixing it ( probably focusing on their new flagship phone ) . it is an outrage that users need to resort to all kinds of hacks on their 500$ phone to get it running properly . http://crave.cnet.co.uk/mobiles/how-to-speed-up-your-samsung-galaxy-s-with-the-voodoo-lag-fix-50002228/ http://www.groovypost.com/howto/mobile/most-common-lag-fixes-for-samsung-galaxy-s-captivate-vibrant-fascinate-epic-4g/
android does not have a default memo application , but most android app stores their database in /data/data/PACKAGE_NAME/databases/ . some applications write their data to the sdcard instead , so you might want to check that as well .
in android , afaik , when you connect to an active wi-fi network , mobile data ( gprs , 3g , etc ) will be disabled ( even if are turned on ) temporary . so it would be ok to just connect to the wi-fi network . but , if you want to be sure about disabling mobile data , you should go to settings -> wi-fi and networks -> mobile data and uncheck the option to disable mobile data . ( in ics it is in settings -> wireless and networks -> more -> mobile networks )
you can use an app like wavepad audio editing app . it is said to have the ability to work with multiple audio files . if you do not mind adverts , there is a free version for this software as well .
i would not want to call motoblur or htc sense just " skins " -- they are not a suite of visual enhancements , but an entire app suite that sits on top of the os . they are full-fledged graphical user interfaces with additional custom apps , virtual keyboards , widgets , etc . so , as to the benefits ? i like sense - its my major ui on the incredible , but i have also used my wife 's aria . the sense ui is cleaner and smoother ( hardware speeds aside ) . the custom widgets are smoothly integrated and have more features . other than the htc mail and messaging apps having a possible memory leak issue [ i replaced their use with k9 and gmail , and handcent ] , i have been pleased with sense . a smooth , consistent user experience with the interface can make using it better . it is not the be-all end-all -- despite the recent ms winmo7 commercials -- but it is nice .
check out locale ( more expensive , but easier to use ) or tasker ( less expensive , more complicated to use/more configurable ) .
some tablets support usb hubs . source
hint : just try the combination with the other volume button if you enter the wrong mode ( that is what i do because i cannot remember the button trick either and do trial and error every other time i need this . launch your software , prepare the ftf for flashing and only then do the following to enter flash mode : switch off the phone ( remove battery maybe ) press the volume down button and hold it ( while holding ) plug in the usb cable if successful , the led should turn green just for the record , to enter fastboot mode : switch off the phone ( remove battery maybe ) press the volume up button and hold it ( while holding ) plug in the usb cable if successful , the led should turn blue if i mixed something up , please correct me .
the short answer is that managed items are items that can only be purchased once per user and that google play keeps track of their purchase , unmanaged items are not tracked by google play and they can be purchased multiple times . a fuller description is given in google 's in-app billing version 2 : managed per user account — items that can be purchased only once per user account on google play . when a user purchases an item that uses the " managed per user account " product type , google play permanently stores the transaction information for each item on a per-user basis . this enables you to later query google play to restore the state of the items a specific user has purchased . if a user attempts to purchase a managed item that has already been purchased , google play prevents the user from purchasing the item again and displays an " item already purchased " error . the " managed " product type is useful if you are selling items such as game levels or application features . these items are not transient and usually need to be restored whenever a user reinstalls your application , wipes the data on their device , or installs your application on a new device . unmanaged — items that do not have their transaction information stored on google play . this means that you cannot later query google play to retrieve transaction information for those items . for " unmanaged " purchases , you are responsible for managing the transaction information . also , google play does not attempt to prevent the user from purchasing an item multiple times if it uses the " unmanaged " product type . it is up to you to control how many times an unmanaged item can be purchased . the " unmanaged " product type is useful if you are selling consumable items , such as fuel or magic spells . these items are consumed within your application and are usually purchased multiple times . note that only version 2 of the in-app billing deals with both managed and unmanaged , version 3 only deals with the managed in-app product type .
in the htc dream ( g1 ) the umts radio ( 3g ) is a separate board from the rest of the phone . while this is a desire z and i have not had the opportunity to take one apart , it is probably very similar . the 3g/4g daughterboard ( or if it is connected , antenna ) could have failed , cracked , disconnected or sustained damage in some other way . software will not fix it . you have damaged hardware .
see if your friend created a backup of your phone - that is a suggested step in lots of root instructions , and it is possible he did this so you can just re-add the missing application . assuming this was not done though , you may want to just start over . the following webpage has information on using odin ( samsung service application ) to restore the original software to your phone . it looks like it covers all the regional variants , you will need to read carefully to find the applicable software and process for your region . if you provide more regional information , i will see if i can find more precise steps . https://galaxy551.wordpress.com/2012/01/08/the-stock-rom-and-odin-thread/ update : i do not speak the language and the google translate is very sloppy - so i may be misunderstanding this thread . hopefully you speak the language . for a brazilian phone , this forum thread has steps for installing a rooted stock 2.3.4 update ( sounds like a prerelease leak of an official rom , which are common to samsung devices ) and reply #8 in the thread also gives steps for installing the 2.2 version that you have installed right now . update #2: since i started replying , that forum stopped responding . hopefully just a temporary glitch , but just in case , here 's another page i found that includes links to download the brazilian software .
i believe you backed up from recovery , correct ? if that is the case , then the backup should contain everything that was on your phone before the backup -- apps , saved games , etc . so restoring the backup should have restored angry birds and its save data , as long as that was present before the backup . titanium can back up the app , the app 's data , or both . it does require root . non-root users have to deal with recovery backups , which are not as flexible since you can not restore only bits and pieces -- it is all or nothing . of course , the sd card is easy to back up ( plug it into a computer ) and some apps may allow you to export data . you had have to ask rovio why they chose not to use a database , but i would guess it is because the save data is so simple . if you open the file it is almost human-readable text . even easier to back up than a database .
some options : try hitting menu -> refresh in gmail , there should be a notification prompting you to re-enter the password . if it is in the notification bar , pull it down and click it . clear the cache and data for all google apps on your phone : gmail , gmail storage , google framework services , talk , accounts , play store , etc . via Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; All . if your phone lets you , go to Settings -&gt; Accounts and sync and remove and re-add the account .
to update the ring tone directory , the media scanner has to run . usually restarting the phone will do this , but if media scanner is not checking that directory when the device starts you can try to create a file in the sdcard ringtone directory with an app that triggers media scanner . i think astro file manager will trigger it . if that does not work , you could try clearing the cache ( i assume root since you are using root explorer and deleting system ringtones ) , the system may be caching that information and thinks they are still there .
yes , it has a magnetic sensor / digital compass .
apparently , " this is not a user-configurable option right now " . i am not sure if that is a general android problem , or a specific cyanogenmod one . totally clueless about why , of course .
there is a thread on google groups that covers this issue . by the answer provided by analikeslattes , this is being considered and possible prepared by google staff since 5/1/12: android instant upload to drive hi all , thanks for your input . we have heard many requests along these lines , and are definitely looking into potential solutions on our end . i will do my best to keep this forum updated once relevant features start to become available . in the meantime , please keep posting your requests about the drive android app ! we are always excited to hear from our users . cheers , ana as far as i can tell , this is not yet implemented and a year has passed . since both applications are from google and they alone can take the necessary steps to have this feature implemented properly , i would suggest to you and any interested person to visit the thread and leave the " feature-wish " there . app suggestion while it would be great to have a native solution for this problem , oliver salzburg commented on my post at google+ about this issue refering the app suggested bellow , that i have just now tested and is working beautifully sending all of my files to my desired destination on the google drive . foldersync lite foldersync is a application that enables simple sync to cloud based storage to and from local folders on the device memory card . it currently support multiple skydrive , dropbox , sugarsync , ubuntu one , box .net, livedrive , hidrive , google docs , netdocuments , amazon s3 , ftp , ftps , sftp , webdav or windows share ( samba/cifs ) accounts , and support for more platforms are planned . you do not need more than 5 minutes to complete the 3 basic steps : add your google drive account add a folderpair start the sync process
you can obtain the adb and fastboot utilities as part of the android software development kit ( or separately from third parties , but watch out for trojan binaries ) . if you install the sdk , you will need to install the platform tools and ( if using windows ) the usb driver for windows . once you have them , from whatever source , this is what you will do : reboot the phone to the bootloader ( fastboot ) : adb reboot bootloader  adb may not work if the phone has not previously been placed in usb debugging mode . in this case , boot the phone to fastboot mode by first powering it off , then powering it on by holding all three of the power , volume up and volume down keys at the same time for two seconds , then releasing all three keys , then touching volume down twice , then volume up once . check to see if the phone is in fastboot mode . if it does not show anything , wait a few seconds and try again : fastboot devices  wipe the user data/cache : fastboot -w 
usually no - however , it is my opinion that this is a rather vague question that can not be accurately answered without knowing the app developer 's policy or whether the app is locked to a particular region .
finally found a way to connect to internet on my xperia mini pro android mobile . go to settings ==> wireless and network settings ==> mobile networks ==> network mode its going to open another window with title as preferred network mode . now try to select wcdma only option . wait for 10 sec . we can see the network is getting reset and try to find the 3g signal . now open the same pop up again and select gsm ( edge or 2g ) connection . now again networking related stuff gets reset again . this is how i force my mobile to connect to internet .
it would seem as the only solution is to install adw launcher , as suggested in the other question . and no , you do not need root to install adw launcher . if you do decide to change launcher to adw launcher , here 's a link on how to lock the screen on the complete guide to adw . launcher
that sounds like a bad sd card . insist doing that over and over again , with sound files and movie files as well .
this happened to me again . the process of unlocking was as follows : - call the android phone from a normal phone - pick up the phone - press the options button - click the button to add someone to the call - press the " go back " button it should return you to the home page . after that , setup pattern unlock . it only uses the touch-screen , so it works with a broken lock button .
you can not drag in-route points of a given android-google-maps route , you can instead drag departure and arrival spots ' a/b ' spots . drag in-route points is indeed a very interesting feature , but not available in google maps android version yet . you can drag the markers by doing : ( click images for larger variant when needed ) first open gmaps and hit second bottom icon : then you select either my location or a point in the map : in the example , i selected a point in the map : same step with destination : you touch wherever you want the point in the map : hit main option to get route : and then when you see departure/arrival green markers in the screen , you can just tap and hold to drag them to other locations . route gets auto updated to new locations .
you do not need an external tool for this . on the versions of the play store with the new " simplified " permissions dialog , you can still find a full list of permissions from the app 's store page ( the screen with the icon at the top , description , screenshots , and c . ) . scroll down to the bottom of the page . under " additional information " you will see " permissions " with a link " view details " . click this link to see a dialog with the list of individual permissions . however , if you do want an external tool , appbrain is an alternative web front-end to the play store , and lists the permissions individually for each app . from there you can click through to install the app from the real play store . not all apps appear on appbrain , but many of them do , especially the popular apps . there is also a resource offered by izzy , a good friend of this site . his website offers a curated list of apps , searchable by permissions . it also gives a fuller description of each permission , and highlights interesting combinations . because apps are added to his site by a manual process , it is a very small list compared to the huge number of apps on the play store , but consists of a good range of recommended and popular apps in different categories .
there is a solution , but unfortunately it is a bit tedious . this issue occurs because android caches the album art at a low resolution . it also generates file names for the thumbnails in a weird manner ( apparently by the value of the system clock the first time the album appears ) . this means that the fix will be manual unless you employ some computer vision software . navigate to Internal Storage\Android\data\com.android.providers.media and copy the albumthumbs folder to some local directory . you will see files such as 1345139729376 , 1345139731350 , etc in albumthumbs . these files have no extension but are actually just jpegs . you can just edit these files if your image editing software supports it , but we could add .jpg to make it easier . in windows this could be done via the command-line with ren * *.jpg . now if you are on windows you will probably see image thumbnails instead of the generic file icon and it will be easy to edit the images . i am sorry if you have a lot of albums , but since the file names are as good as random we need to actually look at each image and replace it with its high resolution counterpart . if you changed the file extension we can change it all back with ren * *. ( note the period at the end ) . we can then paste our modified album art back into the original albumthumbs folder on the device . the result :
there is no limit . from google support : downloading previously purchased and downloaded apps when you download a paid or free app on google play , the app is connected to your google account , meaning that you get several benefits : if you get a new device , remove an app to free up space , or reset your device , you can reinstall the app without purchasing it again . if you have multiple devices , you can install the app on all of your devices without purchasing the app again . you can quickly find free or paid apps that you previously downloaded .
the solution is to buy a galaxy tab . my nexus is dead . asus not even accepts it to make a diagnostic . the " global " warranty is not valid in brazil . by a better quality product from a company that respect their users .
dw contact manager supports this feature http://crowdin.net/project/dw-contact-group-manager
app specific settings are usually stored in the internal storage folder accessible only to that app . while apps do have the ability to write to external storage and lose access to that data when you mount it , i doubt that is the case here . when you install and move an app to the sd card , you are not moving the entire app . some core content of the app still stays on the internal storage . however , moving an app to the external storage has some interesting side effects . the app is completely disabled when you connect your device to the computer , on pre honeycomb devices . android 3.0 onwards , the usb storage was switched to mtp , which allows the device and the computer to access the storage simultaneously . in your case , when you connect to the computer , the apps on the sd card are disabled , causing them to disappear temporarily . as for them not reappearing when you disconnect and restart your phone suggests that there is a bug in the launcher you are using . try using a different third party launcher instead .
you can check the changelog and comments on the market for information , quite many apps have recently been updated to be ics compatible and there is usually a mention of this in the changelog . also , if the app is not compatible , there is usually a comment about this . in my experience , almost all of the apps i use are compatible with ics or have been updated . some may not have all the compatibility features such as the new menu style , but ics is backwards compatible with the old style too . edit : developers can also specify the parameter android:maxsdkversion in their androidmanifest . xml which restricts the application from running ( and afaik also from showing up in the market ) on newer platforms . i have not published any apps in the market so i am not sure if there are separate settings in there to restrict the apps from installing on higher version platforms . you can try to check the androidmanifest . xml of your apps by using android-apktool , but this requires you to know how to get the . apk files to your pc .
samsung lists the hdmi smart adapter on their website as being compatible with the galaxy note .
google recently released Google Hindi ime ( input method editor , a techy name for keyboard ) which i now saw with my friend 's nexus 4 . it has the requested rupee symbol :
you might need to remove the lock screen widget app from Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Location &amp; security -&gt; Select device administrators screen before trying to uninstall it .
it is not documented somewhere . but only updates that do not change the permissions are done automatically . if there is a change , the update will have to be done manually . but of course there is no gurantee that this will always work this way , because of bugs or design changes . if you are paranoid , turn the feature off . ( but then , how could you trust android that the permissions that are shown to you are enforced ? )
it is hard to see it in normal light , you may need to take your phone under a very bright light to be able to see it ( e . g bulb light or straight sunlight ) . it looks like a darker and smaller front face camera . if gsmarena has said that it has light sensors , then in my experience , its near 100% correct . btw , if you can not bring light sensor to work , there is a free software called lux auto brightness which does the job very nice and has many options .
it seems i was running the 5.0 version of google maps . i tried to search for an update on the market , but i could not even find the app . the most surprising thing was that using the exact search strings , i was able to find it very easy in the browser . i downloaded the 5.2 apk , and i installed it from the sdcard . afterwards , everything worked .
what you probably want is your phone work as adhoc and as an ap at the same time i guess it is called bridging http://compnetworking.about.com/cs/wirelessproducts/f/apbridgingmode.htm i do not think that at first android phones support the adhoc mode at all yet . stackexchange-url the bridging is only possible for normal wifi routers not for android phones . routers also support wds http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wireless_distribution_system there is no such thing as wds for android phones yet afak . hope it clarifies the matter abit . thanks .
what happens to existing files when flashing a new rom very much depends of the location in question : your sdcard ( internal or external ) is not touched at all , apart from the fact you are placing the update.zip for flashing there . your internal storage ( /data and /cache ) is neither touched by the flashing process itself . but when switching between different roms , it is recommended to wipe these two to avoid complications some other locations are usually wiped and rewritten . this includes for sure /system , and in most cases also /boot i know of no case where files are " hidden " . either the entire partition is not touched at all , or it is wiped . it might be that on some partitions files are simply overwritten , though i have never heard of such a case either .
seems as if google is evil¹ and removed that option from jelly bean to enforce their drm schemes² . i found however a tool which restores it : automated framework kit ¹like we didn’t already know that . ²i have no idea what was the rationale behind it , but remember it’s the company which has a mail service that’s immensely popular despite not properly working with any major mail client .
i have used mortplayer and it supports chapters , multiple bookmarks and remembers your place . as far as chapters go , it depends on how the audio book is setup , most mp3 audio books save each chapter as a different track and that works just fine . also , it is free . while i have not tried it , it is my understanding that ambling book player pro is the cats meow of audio book players , although it costs $9 . i do not really listen to audio books much anymore ( too many podcasts to keep up with ) and i use beyondpod for my economist podcasts . it remembers the last place you were listening but it does not let you set bookmarks .
some devices , like the motorola xoom , the sony ericsson xperia active and the galaxy nexus , have an air pressure sensor built into them that measures the barometric air pressure . i have the barometer hd app installed on my xoom which seems to give roughly the same reading as my suunto electronic barometer . support for a barometer pressure ( and other environmental ) sensor was added in android 2.3 to follow the trend of linking to the related developer resource , i believe this is a type_pressure sensor . see also this related stackoverflow question android devices with pressure sensor , and this gizmodo article for some of the possible uses for the barometer , which includes helping the device to calculate your altitude in gps apps . android engineer dan morrill made a post to google+ explaining why the galaxy nexus had a barometer internally : i have seen a lot of hay made about the barometer in galaxy nexus . here 's the skinny ; it is not really as dramatic or weird as people think . the primary purpose of the barometer is ( at least , i have been told ) to make gps lockons faster . locking on to a gps involves numerically solving a 4-dimensional set of linear equations -- 3 dimensions in space , and time . ( yes , you get accurate time for free if you lock on to gps . ) because of the way gps works , this can take a few minutes . this goes much faster if you already have an estimate of your location . this is why " agps " ( assisted gps ) services are so popular : by starting with a rough city-level coordinate fix through something like cell-tower network location , you can reduce the amount of math you have to do to lock on . this is where the barometer comes in . the 3 dimensions in space are latitude , longitude . . . and altitude . the barometer gives you a reasonable first-cut estimate for altitude . this gives you a bit of a leg up on one of the dimensions -- especially combined with "2d " agps -- which can help speed up lock-on in general . now of course , the barometer can also be used for things like , well , determining atmospheric pressure ( although i am not sure it is really weather grade . ) but the main reason it is in your phone is to help with gps .
the kindle fire will function as it normally would , but you cannot use the video on demand service while you are rooted . the amazon appstore functions fine even if you are rooted . you can revert to the " original functionality " with the " unroot " button provided by superoneclick . nobody knows this but amazon . honeycomb was not open-sourced when the fire was being developed , and amazon forked the android open source code to create the kindle fire 's codebase . thus , the fire was built using the newest available source at the time of development - gingerbread . i rooted my kindle fire ~30 minutes after i got it , largely because i wanted access to the market but also to ease any development i do with it . everything works like normal except vod ( as noted above ) .
the l90 lacks an ambient light sensor , so there is no true auto brightness method . xda user gdjindal has a unique tutorial for adding a pseudo-automatic function on the optimus l9 ( it'll most likely work on your phone as well ) : link
my desire always did this , i have no idea what caused it , i always just ripped the battery out , it did not seem to do any harm . upgrading to froyo fixed the problem for me .
use either of these : busybox busybox pro ( paid ) note this comment in the description : please note i did not write busybox ! i wrote this installer and cross compiled busybox for android . please see the about menu option for more details or here : www.busybox.net if you are installing a custom rom , it might have busybox already ( but usually not pro ) .
determine which apps i use most frequently and place them on my home screen automatically . there is smart widget .
i have not tried it on windows 7 , but i expect dropbox will work fine .
removing the battery and putting it back in solves the problem , at least temporarily . a few days later , i found the same problem was happening , and the same solution worked .
i believe nexus 10 has gps hardware which can provide location information without any aid from gsm or wi-fi sources - same as my nexus 7 wi-fi only model . i have used my nexus 7 on road ( without any data connection ) and used is gps capabilities . i am just wondering how a did you get this suspicion when the specification clearly says about availability of the gps ?
summary from my comments , as requested , as an answer : there are plenty of other headset controller apps on the playstore if you are worried about the permissions . i tried jays once , but it only worked partially ( in 9 out of 10 tries , i had no luck to adjust the volume -- instead , other actions were triggered , as e.g. pause/play ) . having a philips headset , i tried philips headset -- and am quite satisfied : volume control , play/pause/skip , accept/refuse/hangup call , all possible smoothly . most of the headset control apps want to make calls . as my device is rooted , i control such things with the lbe app : neither jays nor philips headset abused this privilege . most headset control apps seem to work with most headsets , more or less . as my example with jays and a philips headset shows , some features might not be available/working . but you cannot break anything trying . so i would suggest to give it a try first : if one app does not work out , try another . if none works the way you need it , you still can go for another headset ; having checked some of the control apps , you then already know which companies have a specific app . as said , my philips headset works fine with the philips app -- others reported the same for jays . reading the comments will give you more details and help you finding a good combination .
while i 100% agree with liam 's answer , there are still solutions for countries where that law does not apply ( and to tell you a big secret : those solutions even work when the law is in effect -- but then you run the risk of punishment yourselves if you use such a solution where you should not ) . searching the playstore for " shutter sound off " yields more than 100 results . as usual , not all of them are really hits : most of the " spy cams " surely will disable the sound , but most likely you want to use your own camera app , and not one of those . if you are rooted , you can simply delete the sound file for the camera shutter sound . aside from this , an article on androidadvices offers 3 different solutions : put your phone in silent mode by keeping the incoming calls ring volume to zero you can keep your phone in silent and thereby there will be no sound when you take a snap or record a video . this is the easiest way by which you can turn off the shutter sound . but mind you that you will not be notified of any incoming calls or any sms or email that you receive . i.e. , to stop shutter sound you need to put your phone in silent mode . use uva silent widget camera android app ( well , or one of the others from above search results ) install cyanogenmod once the cyanogenmod 7.1.0 up and installed on your rooted phone , you need to go through the settings &gt ; cyanogenmod settings &gt ; sound and then select mute camera shutter . on some devices with ics , the camera app itself offers a feature to disable the shutter sound :
thanks to doug plenty for providing the answer to me directly . this is the subject of an apple patent and over which they are suing htc ( amongst others ) who customise android in a way that the stock os does not dare . see for example http://mashable.com/2011/12/19/apple-patent-victory/
modern phones use li-ion and li-poly batteries . so the battery life is not affected by whether you charge them at 0% or 90% . it only has a long term effect . batteries degrade with every charge cycle . a cycle is usually a recharge from below 50% . so charging while the battery capacity is still relatively high has a long term effect of less degradation . the other frequent pseudoscientific habit that has no roots is a technique many call " formatting " , where you leave your battery plugged in for 16 hours or 3 * 8 hours with discharge in between or any other baseless claim by anyone on any forum or phone shop . if they do not have scientific evidence do not believe them .
i just found an app from the same developer that does what i wanted for buildings smart measure
not possible at this time . this answer in the google support forums indicates that it can not be done , but that it will be forwarded on as a feature request .
phono is able to replace the carrier 's name with a logo : phono ( source : google play ; click image to enlarge ) take a look at above screenshot . see the t logo in the upper left , on the notification bar ? that is placed by phono . it additionally offers a bunch of widgets to show you network strength and other things , plus some shortcuts ( as shown in the screenshot ) . i used phono successfully on htc stock roms as well as with cyanogenmod . though your seem to have issues with your current beta-rom , those might hopefully be fixed with an update , so phono will work on that , too -- otherwise it might still help you in case you decide to switch roms : )
there are several things to check out . walk the list until your problem is resolved -- then skip all following : make sure the sim was inserted correctly ( it easily happens to insert it the wrong way round ) does the same sim work in other phones ? yes : sim should be ok , phone probably " borked " no : sim " borked " . ask your provider for a replacement ( done . ) do other sims which work in other phones work in yours ? yes : very strange . check with your provider to send you a replacement sim : it is rare , but sometimes there can be incompatibilities ( especially with older sims and newer phones ) . no : pretty sure your phone is broken . hand it in to service . some indicators to watch during the process , as they might prove helpful to service ( and for combinations not covered above ) : do you see a signal in the status bar ? are there any sim errors displayed ? these two are pointing to an answer whether a sim was detected at all . the phone should display a special symbol in the notification error if no sim is found , and usually asks the user to insert one .
tap anywhere on the page and the menu reappears .
i do not know how to get it by the adb command . but you can get it programmably with the sdk . there is a class build which have many information of the current running phone , such as you wanted model number can be got by the build . model .
on a pretty much vanilla build on my evo , i can get to it by going into Settings-&gt;Wifi-&gt;(Menu Button)-&gt;Advanced . it is listed as " keep wifi on during sleep " . just be sure to tap on the left half of the " wifi " menu item , since the right half is simply the toggle .
with most ota updates someone inevitably pulls the raw . zip file off some server and posts it online for others to use before they get the official ota notice on their phones . if your phone is currently on build number grh78 then download this . zip file . if your phone is currently on grh78c then download this . zip file . rename it update.zip and place it in the root folder of your sdcard . shut your phone off . hold down the volume up and power buttons at the same time to access the bootloader . use the volume keys to navigate to recovery . press the power button to select it . you should see a triangle with an exclamation point in it . hold down the power button and tap the volume up button to access the recovery menu . use the volume keys to navigate to apply update from /sdcard , select it with the power button , choose update.zip and press the power button to start the update . when the update is complete , reboot your phone . ( these instructions were taken mostly from http://www.intomobile.com/2011/02/24/how-to-manually-update-your-nexus-s-to-android-2-3-3/ except for the download links . i do not own a nexus s and have not tested this personally . if these instructions look incorrect to you [ or anyone else ! ] do not use them . if at any step during the update process the instructions do not line up with what you see , you should stop proceeding and use menu options to back as far out as you can from the menus . i am not responsible for anything that happens to your phone , good or bad . )
it is operator-related . although the phone can support conference calling , most consumer calling plans do not let you do that .
yes this is possible . power adapter can be plugged into tablet or dock . it is possible to charge the tablet from the dock while the dock is being charged , remove the tablet , use tablet , return to dock for charging . hope this helps pete
this was solved thanks to bossman 's awesome proxy apk . install it and then run via ssh : am broadcast -a pl.bossman.taskerproxy.ACTION_TASK --es task_name TASKER_TASK_NAME_GOES_HERE it works flawlessly : )
to turn off notifications for google+ , open the google+ app , press menu-> settings-> notifications , then press the on/off toggle in the top right . to turn off notifications for gmail/google apps mail , open the gmail app , press menu-> settings , select the account you wish to disable notifications for , uncheck the checkbox that says : email notifications to turn off notifications for google talk , open the google talk app , press menu-> settings , select the account you wish to disable notifications for , press im notifications and select off , and the same for video chat notifications to turn off notifications for google voice , open the google voice app , press menu-> settings-> sync and notifications , and uncheck the boxes for text and voicemail notifications . note : this is based on android 4.0+ , some of these apps ( especially google talk ) may function differently on pre-ics .
no , there is no public api that allows developers to create camera apps that takes raw photos . based on what i have read in dpreview.com, implementation would have to be at driver level , and specific to each device . also , raw files taken by camera phones would also look nasty .
if you are having root , use titanium backup to disable/freeze cmclient . apk and dmclient . apk . this will disable the tablet to check for ota from asus servers . if you want to update the tablet to latest firmware later , unfreeze/enable the apks and proceed with updating .
gaosp is your only option . it is in beta 3 , so it is a pretty sure bet .
some of the below is speculation , or given to me by sources i can not cite so take it as is . some ( many ) of the oems ( manufacturers ) like lg and samsung embed their propitiatory widgets within their own launcher . this ( allegedly ) is down to them not wanting you to emulate their own look and feel in someone else 's launcher . samsung , beside android , have their tizen operating system . it is almost identical to their touchwiz overlay on android . so if a user has a samsung , they can use this device without porting over any knowledge , to all intents and purposes they do not know what os it is running as the interface is consistent . keeping touchwiz and those things their own , and unique is a way of retaining their customer base and keeping the ui the same across a range of devices makes it an easier decision to ' get the lg ' or whatever to keep what you are used to . the galaxy gear 2 smart watch actually runs tizen , not android as a real world example . it is a business decision , not one i am a fan of as i believe in customisation and options . any ui ( ala touchwiz ) that deprives me of choice is one i quickly abandon . it is worth pointing out that there are thousands of widgets on the play store , many of which bear an uncanny similarity to those of the oems . last point i will add , htc are currently rolling blinkfeed ( their launcher/news stream ) onto the play store . this may be the beginning of oems splitting onto the play store as google did a while back ( calendar , keyboard , etc ) . this may be a way to get some of the widgets you love , without owning the device . however , the locked widgets remain an issue .
i was not able to find a free solution so i am doing exactly what you are looking for with tasker . when my work calendar shows me in a meeting it turns the ringer to vibrate .
the application saymyname dessert does this quite well .
cyanogenmod 6 does this feature because it is native to android 2.2 . see this cyanogenmod issue report for more details .
there are several possibilities : manually setting all volumes to 0 , except for those channels you want to keep ( e . g . alerts , notifications , system ) . issue : on some devices/systems some channels seem to be " locked together " , so as soon as e.g. volume for calls is increased , some other slider increases automatically along . an app like audio control might help on that . same thing , but use some automation tool ( e . g . tasker ) . this might work-around the slider-lock . disabling notifications from the app ( might not work if the app does not count that as " notification" ) if root access is available : replace/remove the corresponding sound file ( credits go to dan for this ) using a helper like app override . unfortunately this is no longer available on google play , so i linked to the original thread on xda .
if it happened only once , it might have been a battery calibration error . this seems to be a defective battery . i would send the device back , if i were you . the drop seems to be too steep to be from a continuous drain ( like wifi ) .
looking at this , gsm:900/1800/1900 mhz , 3g td-scdma 2010-20250 mhz and scrolling on down a bit on that page under the ' data application features ' . . . data service gprs ; edge ; td-scdma that would explain it , no umts/hspa/hspa+ mentioned in the spec of that hardware , as that would be required to have t-mobile operating to enable 3g data . it may be basically a cheap and cheerful but crippled phone , but only for a certain market segment , if there is no supporting data protocol support such as umts/hspa/hspa+ , it will fall back on 2g .
i was having this problem on my verizon galaxy s4 ( i545 ) . i could not figure it out for two or three days straight . finally , i looked into my /data folder and saw a folder located at /data/app-lib which contained some data from candy crush . the folder was the same as the apk title : com . king . candycrushsaga-1 after deleting this folder ( you may want to back it up first ) , i was able to install candy crush again with no problem . hope this helps !
i solved this myself after trying a few things . i deleted the news and weather app 's data by going to settings> applications> manage applications> all , tapping " news and weather " , and then " clear data " . i needed to delete and re-add the widget and set my refresh settings again , but now it works .
root is not required to develop android application . the android sdk comes with an emulator that can run a virtual android device on your computer and test your application there . however you can hook up a real android device to your computer and enable a feature called usb debugging . for pre-jellybean phones this is accessible in developer options that should be visible in the settings app . for jellybean and up phones , you need to go to about phone and tap on build number a few times . then developer options should appear and you can enable usb debugging from there . an android phone is already prone to malware if external sources are enabled . use the google play store and always read the reviews . if an app wants root privileges , the phone will ask you first , so do not worry . however if you allow it , you are on your own . the app has full control over every aspect of your phone . your phone will need to be rooted if you are going to use root features in it ( obviously ) hope i helped .
android 's documentations only mention client and server relationship so it is more important to determine which device is the client and which is the server . the device that initiates the connection is the client while the other is server . someone says that the master is usually the client while the slave is the server but i am not sure if that applies for all cases .
as you have noticed , the app you are typing into can tell a " hint " to the keyboard app ( or input method ) to let it know what kind of text to expect , such as an email address . it is then up to the keyboard app to decide how to interpret that . for example , it can look in your contacts for email addresses . you have not said which keyboard app you are using , but from what you have described it seems that this app chooses to ignore expansions when it receives this hint . since it is up to the keyboard app what to do , you might like to install and try out a different keyboard app . i do not use expansions/abbreviations myself , so i can not recommend one , but there must be one out there that lets you use them for email addresses , phone numbers , etc . as well as normal text . do bear in mind that a keyboard app can record all the text you type , so be extra careful to only install apps from reputable sources and developers .
instead of having no ringtone assigned to it , get a short silent ringtone ( such as the ones found here and use that to set a silent ring .
it turns out that the solution to this is rather easy , but scarcely documented . to switch between forward-is-up and north-is-up , simply tap the red/white compass needle in the upper left hand corner of the screen .
you already have a working vcard file ( . vcf ) , just import it using gmail 's web interface . if this vcf is still bad , you can apply simple text processing ( regex search and replace ) to it before importing it to google . here are the steps to import a vcard file into gmail using the web interface . here 's an excerpt from google 's help : click gmail at the top-left corner of your gmail page , then choose contacts . click the more actions dropdown menu and select import . . . . click the choose file button and locate the vcard file you had like to upload . select the file and click the import button .
the setting profiles app can do that . from their site : what if i don’t want to miss an important call while i’m on mute ? you can overwrite current sound settings with a rule based on incoming call condition . here is how to : create a new rule add incoming call condition and set it to your preferred contacts group ( like vip or family ) add activate profile action to activate the profile where sound is on and/or some custom ring tone specified that’s it ! now even if your phone is set to mute , it will still ring in case of a call from someone from contact group you have set up in step two . they currently have two versions of the app - a lite and full . i would try the lite version to see if it has this feature first . qr code for setting profiles lite : qr code for setting profiles full :
for auto backup access there are several options open to you . phone : select the gallery app which should bring up a listing of your albums . one of your albums will be titled auto backup ( assuming you have photos/videos in the album - otherwise the album will not appear ) . website : google+ auto backup website : picasa web
to answer your question on what the ' black bar ' is at the bottom of the screen - it appears to be called the System Bar . i thought it was the Notification Bar but apparently that is part of the System Bar . here are several links that i found in my search : android 3.0 highlights from android developer site talkandroid . com esato . com phonearena . com stackoverflow question where someone called it a ' system bar '
according to this site , it is possible to change the status by tapping it and selecting another status message . it is possible that this is not available in the free version , since they usually contain ads .
so to sum up the bit of confusion that is in cm 10.1 now - there are actually two sets of notification bar toggles . one works like the old set from previous cm versions , and it appears in one row above your notifications when you pull down the bar . these are the " power widget " toggles . the second set was a feature added upstream in jelly bean , and is referred to as the " quick settings panel " . these are laid out as multi-row tiles - which it sounds like you are describing - and you can switch to this view by tapping the top right icon on your notifications shade ( after pulling it down ) : you cannot , to my knowledge , get rid of the quick settings panel completely , as it is baked in to android . however , you can prevent it from appearing of its own accord by going into Settings &gt; System &gt; Quick Settings panel &gt; Quick pulldown  and selecting the " off " option . the other options are " right " and " left " , with the idea being that you can basically divide the notification pulldown into two swipe areas if you like . for instance , by choosing " right " , you can access your notifications by pulling down from the left side of the bar , and access the quick settings panel by pulling down from the right side of the bar . if you choose " off " then the only way to get to the quick settings panel should be if you pull down your notifications and then tap the icon in the top right . effectively , this disables the quick settings panel from ever appearing unless you explicitly choose to see it .
here is a summary of how i have implemented it . besides tasker , i also used : autonotification , for a richer notification . sms popup , for suppressing sms notification for the balance responses . sms auto delete , for silently deleting those sms responses after a while . profiles request balance on calls - on outgoing call , call balance before call , on exit call balance after call . process received balance - on sms received from the balance numbers , call process balance . show balance summary - on balance variable set , call show balance . tasks balance before call AutomatedBalance = Yes CheckConsumption = Yes Request balance by SMS  balance after call Wait 15 seconds Unset CheckConsumption Request balance by SMS Flash "Balance has been requested"  process balance show balance
i see this blog post explaining how to configure apn settings to browse through a proxy . at first , i could not believe that the apn mentioned ( as telkila ) in the post will be available in my emulator . but to my surprise i find a apn is available though with a different name ( as t-mobile us ) . since i do not have a proxy server environment , i could not check and confirm this . however the comment in the blog seems to confirm it .
dolphin mini blog post documents how to download the pdf file . q2: how to download pdf files ? a2: 1 ) long press the link of pdf files , choose the “save link” option in context menu . 2 ) click “download” option at the bottom of the page after you click the link .
i installed stock 2.3.3 rom and now everything is fine . . . i will back it up , and then try experimenting with some newer roms : ) thanks for all the responses !
turns out this was caused by twilight , which had an option that can fix the install issue . with " auto-pause in specified apps " ticket , and " apk installer ( button fix ) " , the problem goes away .
by default , email attachments and browser downloads are stored at : /sdcard/download  can also be identified by some file managers as : /HWUserData/download  if the device does not have a user-replaceable sd card the location should be : /mnt/sdcard/Download  some apps may have their own default location , or save to appropriated locations based on the file extension .
no . such list could never be exhaustive as all the developers who got booted would need to collaborate to it . most warez markets do not exclusively deal with banned apps either , they usually host free and paid apps available in play store as well . for the record the term " apps that google does not like " is quite misleading . it is usually carriers or another external force that ask for removal of apps .
link2sd only moves the app itself to your device 's sdcard . app data still go to internal storage ( /data/&lt;package_name&gt; ) . for every app you install , the android system automatically creates this directory – and i do not know of any app that does not put at least a few files here . for details , please take a look at the app2sd tag-wiki . it not only explains the different app2sd approaches taken ( including link2sd ) , but in " extended methods " also holds hints for a possible solution to your problem ( s2e ) .
1 ) rom manager is the de facto app to do two specific things : 1 ) install a custom recovery 2 ) install a custom rom ( or kernels . check out chevyno1s kernels for the droid ) . you need to not worry about any permission problems with this application as pretty much every rooted person uses it . it is also an application provided by koush , who is a well known hacker in the android community ( he ported cyanogenmod to the droid ) . 2 ) you do not have to have a custom rom to do a nandroid backup . but you do need a custom recovery . download rom manager . flash " clockworkmod recovery " . then open up rom manager again . then under " backup and restore " do " backup current rom " . this will run a nandroid backup of your phone . do this asap . it is very important to have a backup of your phone right after you just rooted it in case you ever need to restore your phone back to this state . a nandroid backup is like taking a full image/snapshot of your phone . with a nandroid backup in hand , you can then experiment with custom roms ( or anything , really ) with a safety net of being able to go back to the way your phone was . you can also perform a nandroid backup by going into your recovery when you boot your phone ( press and hold x on the droid when powering on until you get the yellow triangle exclamation point , then press the camera and volume up buttons to get the menu to show up ) . 3 ) nandroid is the best to restore your phone to a previous state . i highly recommend titanium backup if you plan on switching to a custom rom or ever plan on wiping and reloading your phone ( or if you need to re-install an app but need to keep its data ) . titanium backup will let you backup specific apps ( and their data , only root users can do this ! ) and restore them . so you could backup all of your apps on stock android , install cyanogenmod , and then use titanium backup to restore all of your apps and their data . please see these other questions about how do i root my phone , and i have rooted my phone , now what ?
technically , as a root user , you can achieve every exclusive thing what a custom rom offers . but , its not always as easy as replacing home launcher . what if you need to replace kernel for better overclocking support . . . a custom rom is actually pre-cooked out-of-box firmware packaging ( with specialized feature ) . remember , popular custom roms ( like cyanogen mod ) are generally backed by an expert developers team or community . so , even if you have expertise of doing every such things in your rooted device , its very difficult to match a team or community . and , do not forget those nasty bugs and security loopholes . . . the main advantage of custom roms : those who have expertise of doing everything with rooted device , generally cook their own rom . it is because custom roms can be deployed to multiple devices . think how you would port your customizations to other devices . . . its a big hassle than cooking own rom .
try the app screen filter , it does just what you need with no extra hassle .
you will need apps like tasker or locale to perform the sort of action you want .
yes , it works . you need to root and install the stickmount app . source .
the spec sheet lists compatibility as " wireless internet wifi 802.11 b/g/n , wifi direct " . if it has a 5 ghz radio , it should list a /b/g/n . despite this , there are plenty of discussions around the net about getting the galaxy tab to work on a 5 ghz ap , so your problem may be something else .
on oled , amoled and super amoled screens : yes lcd screens : no
while playing around with the inf files , i found that the one supplied by sony actually does work , you only need to " force " windows to use it for your device . i am not sure if that has anything to do with the unsigned nature of the driver or that windows cannot verify that the driver is compatible ( see below ) , but it simply does not seem to accept the driver with sony 's inf automatically . i order to install the driver , i did the following : in the device manager , right-click on the S1Boot Fastboot entry and select Update Driver Software , then Browse my computer for driver software and Let me pick from a list of device drivers on my computer . select Show All Devices , then Next . click Have Disk... and then Browse... to the android-sdk\extras\google\usb_driver directory . then the Model list is populated with three entries , select the one called Android Bootloader Interface and click Next . click Yes on the Update Driver Warning message mentioning that windows cannot verify compatibility of the driver with the device . click Install this driver software anyway on the Windows Security message saying that windows can not verify the publisher of this driver software . after that , i was able to run fastboot commands on my device ( i only tried devices and reboot so far ) . on a side note , i found it interesting that you actually do not need any specific driver binaries such as dlls from sony and that the drivers supplied with the android sdk seem to be sufficient , except for the inf entries with the correct device ids .
i would suggest reporting the issue on the andless issue tracker . i did not see anything that relates to exactly what you mention but the developers may know what your issue is or they can correct it .
cwm backups are full system backups , so they restore it to exactly how it was when you took a backup . everything including apps , settings , preferences , even call log is saved . you do not have to flash the rom before restoring a backup . the backup files contain a boot . img and system . img that have the rom , kernel etc in it . when moving to another rom , you might also want to take a backup of all your apps and app data with titanium backup , this is helpful to restore them on the new rom . if you flashed a new rom without using titanium backup , do not panic , app extractor can extract apps and data from a cwm backup . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.handyandy.appextractor my usual flash routine is : backup with titanium , sync all data on wifi , backup sms , reboot to recovery , do cwm backup and then wipe , flash new rom , reboot and restore apps , and sync . hope it helps !
i would try clearing the data for it . do so via Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications and finding voice search ( or the relevant app if you are using another ) under the all tab .
the new google hangouts ( that replaces the talk app on android and is available as a chrome extension ) appears to resolve this issue . you can move freely between the android app and the desktop and continue the conversation , with the full chat history visible . hangouts is not quite a separate application on the desktop , as it is installed as a chrome extension , but it uses the chrome api and runs as a background app ( when chrome is not running ) and appears as an icon in the system tray ( optional ) . i have only just started using it and reviews are mixed , but it seems pretty good so far . incidentally , you do need to be using " hangouts " on all devices . i first updated the android talk app ( the " talk " app is replaced with " hangouts" ) . whilst this communicated ok with a remote user on gtalk , i still had the issue of the local gtalk desktop client not being updated .
microusb ports on phones are delicate and can be prone to losing a proper connection to the power on the circuit board if you are not ultra careful about making sure to not stress the connection point ( like having the phone plugged in and the cable is taut ) . my wife has already gone through 2 phones and a laptop due to using them while the power plug is stretched and basically over time causing the power connection to come off the circuit board . this sounds like the issue you are having and the only solutions are if you take the phone apart and re-solder the loose connection ( requires ultra fine soldering skills ) or take it in for repair and they will likely have to replace the mainboard .
the reason can be find in appbrain faq : 4 . i cannot find some apps , what is going on ? it always says " the requested item could not be found " . appbrain lists applications that are available in the us that are available for android version 1.6 and up for devices with a normal screen size . developers can restrict availability of apps by country , android version and screen size . this means that if you are not in the usa , have a device with a small screen size ( for instance the htc wildfire or tattoo ) , or when you are not on the latest version of android , you may often get the " not found " message from the android market . so , to give you an example , i am a developer and published an app on android market , that is restricted to france and germany , so users from those country will find it on android market , but not on appbrain , who lists only us applications .
this version of google talk can be downloaded from http://goo-inside.me/gapps/ . the current version is gapps-gb-20110828-newtalk-signed . zip . details can be found in rootzwiki at http://wiki.rootzwiki.com/index.php/google_apps#google_talk_with_video.2fvoice_chat
try my voice reminder . its a free app . do not know if it supports ics .
there is an important distinction to be made : android in its stock form , and samsung 's version of android , with the touchwiz framework . the touchwiz functionality for the eyeball recognition works with only with apps ' native ' to samsungs touchwiz version of android . apps like samsung sms , samsung internet , samsung gallery etc . air gestures can be ported to 3rd party apps , flipboard is an example of this . fore the eye recognitions stuff , like smart scroll etc . the app needs to be embedded in touchwiz . however , the ' keep screen on ' functionality works over apps , so the screen should not lock while gaming etc . after looking into this myself , i havn't found any xposed or other modules to override this for root users . also , on the s4 google edition ( running almost 1 stock android ) there is no eyeball recognition whatsoever , and cannot be implemented . also , from a developer 's point of view it , even if it was possible to access this functionality , would it be worth implementing it for only one device , and not being accessible on any other phone ? it is a good idea in a way , but i do not see it expanding for a while , until other oems decide on similar tech perhaps . 1 techincally the touchwiz framework is there to enable the s-view cover . on the htc one google edition htc sense is there to allow beats audio to be built in .
you can use filtering to include only the selected app 's messages by the tag ( s ) used . use the syntax adb logcat YourTag:I *:S to show logcat output only from YourTag and hide all others . you can have multiple tags also , just separate them with space and have the *:S entry as last . if you need to get all messages from multiple tags in the same app , you have to fish out the pid . if you use linux/osx , you can use the command : adb logcat | grep `adb shell ps | grep com.android.example | cut -c10-15`  or you can check out proclogcat and use : adb logcat | proclogcat 
as i noted in your other thread , your best bet is probably to manually set a web proxy server via the devices network settings that filters by keyword or whitelists . even if they do go to another person 's house or try to get on another network , they will be unable to browse ( especially if you are hosting the proxy server yourself on your own network ; in that case , they most likely will not be able to browse to anything at all ) . from wikipedia : in computer networks , a proxy server is a server ( a computer system or an application ) that acts as an intermediary for requests from clients seeking resources from other servers . a client connects to the proxy server , requesting some service , such as a file , connection , web page , or other resource available from a different server . the proxy server evaluates the request according to its filtering rules . for example , it may filter traffic by ip address or protocol . if the request is validated by the filter , the proxy provides the resource by connecting to the relevant server and requesting the service on behalf of the client . a proxy server may optionally alter the client 's request or the server 's response , and sometimes it may serve the request without contacting the specified server . in this case , it ' caches ' responses from the remote server , and returns subsequent requests for the same content directly .
look at something black ( e . g . an image of only black ) on your phone , and shut off the lights . if you have got an amoled screen , it should be pure black ( virtually no light emanating ) . with an lcd it will be significantly brighter/greyish .
droidwall is what you want ! it allows you to control which apps can and cannot access the internet , and the new version ( the one i linked ) enables data types , so you can allow an app to access the internet all the time , just on 3g , just on wifi , or never .
the clock do not have a specific name , although if i do need to mention them specifically , since the top bar is usually called the notification bar or status bar , i would probably call them notification bar clock or status bar clock .
you are not specifying the device to mount , only the directory so it is telling you that you are missing one of the required parameters . i believe that the busybox mount will let you get away with not supplying the device , if it can figure out the device to mount , but the " stock " mount requires that you supply both the directory and the device . you would have to do the following : # mount -o remount,rw /dev/block/mtdblock4 /system or you could try the busybox mount # busybox mount -o remount,rw /system but you should always supply the device to mount , so there is no confusion or issue with mounting the wrong device .
try adding a new google account , preferably via mobile data instead of wi-fi . it should restore the calendar sync option .
you might consider disabling those apps ( starting with ics , that is possible for some but not all ) . this way you had solve multiple of your issues : no more update reminders app becomes unavailable , so it is no longer shown in the app drawer being disabled , they should also no longer provide an " attack vector " if that is not possible for some apps via settings → applications ( check the " all " tab there to see pre-installed apps ) , and rooting is an option , you can still freeze them with apps like titanium backup to achieve the same .
my data manager is a free app available in the android market which will aid you in catering your needs . it will give you a detailed statistics of which app/service used how much data . edit : did not notice this was answered in the comments already .
you probably do not have the version that includes a gsm modem . i guess you want to set up an ad-hoc local wifi network ? the non-gsm variants do not offer tethering options because there is obviously no point in tethering when the device lacks the functionality for a gsm mobile data connection . alas , some rarer use cases like set up a local wifi accesspoint without internet access or usb-tethering the wifi connection are also not possible then . only rooted devices or 3rd party firmwares like cyanogenmod offers this .
workaround : i am pretty sure got fixed after i enabled and disabled " mobile hotspot " so while i am answering my own question , i will accept any answer that describes how to disable this faulty behavior
unless you wipe all your data before the update , you do not need to reinstall applications or restore application data . but when flashing a completely different new rom , it is recommended to do a full wipe before proceed . further more , if you are planing to do a full wipe you can use a application like my backup pro or titanium backup to back up all your applications and data .
hold down the task manager button and it will show the application menu .
i found a solution to the initial problem . it seems that this is a common bug and in the software since at least anroid 4.2 . there is an application in the play store that does nothing but reacting to the bluetooth button and starting the voice recognition : voice command when i push the button , i have to select what app to start , i chose " voice command " after that i am asked again and chose " google now " and then it starts directly in the voice recognition mode . i do not know yet if it gets the commands over bluetooth or over the built in mic but it stops the music and starts the recognition . this works at least with my phone ( nexus 5 , 32gb android 4.4.2 all settings to german and my car radio ( jvc . . . ) )
yes , it is ok to flash stock rom from another country . but , take note that it may have different languages , and a different baseband/modem . having a different baseband can cause network issues ( or a very hot phone ) , but you can flash a baseband that works for your country .
i have ended up installing mobile odin and just performing a recovery with the clockwork mod if the kernel kills the phone ( which is all i have managed to do so far ) thanks for your help
on android 2.1 eclair , one can turn these clicks off by navigating to settings > sound and display : scroll down to audible touch tones and audible selection and uncheck both options . hopefully , there are similar options on your sgs .
it is in the app folder google . shame on you samsung for not making the difference between folders and apps obvious . well the folders look like this :
the only way to achieve this is to port over the old keyboard from an older device . this might break stuff , and probably is not the safest bet . you could install multiling keyboard and have a voice button on your numpad . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.klye.ime.latinhl=en
there is some hope to recover data which was stored on the “internal sd card” . samsung galaxy s2 supports usb connection in the mass storage mode ( unlike some other more recent models ) . this mode provides the required block-level access to the partition which holds your media and other files ( but not contacts , sms and app data ) . therefore you can connect your phone to pc in the usb storage mode ( not mtp ) , then use the same utilities as you would use to recover files from an sd card which was accidentally formatted ( one free option for windows is recuva ) . recovering data from the internal memory is much more harder for several reasons : you need to root the phone in order to get access to raw partitions ( with some phones which have an unlocked bootloader there is an option of flashing an alternate recovery image with root access through adb ) . note that the rooting process in most cases involves writes to the /data partition , which could overwrite the data you want to restore . the internal file system is not the usual fat or ntfs , like in windows ( recent models in most cases use ext4 ) , therefore many recovery tools designed for use with windows filesystems will not work well ( scanning the raw disk for pieces looking like data in a well-known format might give a useful result even if the filesystem is not supported , but see the next point ) . in most cases the app data is stored in some format not used outside of the android os ( e . g . , contacts and sms/mms messages are stored in sqlite databases with the android-specific schema ) , and these formats are unlikely to be supported by commonly available data recovery utilities . and this assumes that the phone repair lab did not just replace the main phone board ( which they often do , unless the problem was obviously in some other component ) .
as john states in his answer , a factory-reset is sufficient in most cases . i doubt a service technician would take the effort required to restore the data from your storage – though it is definitely possible . what john had in mind , however , is true : if flash storage is really wiped , all data is gone from it . it would take a highly specialized forensics expert a long time to restore at least a part of it . so unless you have the secret formula for a longevity serum stored on your device , and your service technician knows that , it is definitly not worth the trouble . if you want to be on the absolute safe side , take a look at nuke my phone resp . nuke my tablet . these tools do not simply delete your data or wipe the storage once , but they overwrite it multiple times , then wiping it , and then finalize their work by a factory-reset . i very much doubt that a single file would be restorable after that procedure . btw : always think of your external sdcard , which might not be covered by the procedure . you should better remove that and keep it with you ; the service techs do not need it anyway .
if you use the android web browser to access any sites that you have logged into and that do not use an ssl encrypted page while you are browsing them , then you should be very paranoid . have a read up about the firesheep add-on to firefox , it uses the fact that on an open , unencrypted wifi connection anyone can listen to anyone else who is connected 's network traffic . it listens out for cookies that other people 's laptops and phones send out while they are browsing , grabs those cookies and lets you use them to log into a vast list of websites as that person . it does not need to capture login names or passwords , so it does not matter if you are careful about not entering your password into anything over an open connection . all it needs is your cookie and then it can log someone else into your facebook , or gmail , or twitter , amazon ( they can even place one-click orders on your behalf ) etc . boingboing has slightly more on what this demonstrates about web security . the scary thing is that firesheep does not do anything magic . it just makes a process that anyone could do ( listening to open wifi traffic , and spotting the interesting bits ) and makes it one-click easy .
i finally figured out how to do this and thought i would explain ( since it is not very obvious ) . open up google maps or latitude click on yourself ( the tag that shows your name , last update time , and city ) you should be able to click a Location history option with the history open , click the settings button in the lower right corner there are options to change your home and work addresses ! hope this helps someone in the future .
ok , i think the answer to your question is that pandora 's stream is never more than 64 kbps for mobile devices , whereas google music uses 320 kbps mp3s and there is no downsampling . that is 5 times the amount of data , assuming pandora does not use a better format than mp3 . since google music transcodes your files , i do not think you have much of an option here .
after new problems on other devices , i decided to reset my livebox . there is no problem anymore ! my phone can connect to the wifi : )
once a manufacturer abandons supporting the device , your only choice is rooting it , unlocking its bootloader ( if possible ) and installing custom roms . google only releases the android source code into aosp ( android open source project , ) and has no say whether or not the manufacturer or carrier will update a given device . the only exception is the nexus line of phones that are supported by google directly . as it stands , aosp cannot be built for any non-google device without major work . even though manufacturers and carriers are required to provide the source code , it is true only for the part of the os . they do not have to ( and rarely do ) provide sources for the proprietary drivers , which are necessary to build a completely working android version for a given device . the community developers usually use the drivers from older os versions , which greatly limits the upgrade potential . the drivers sometimes are reverse-engineered which gives a greater flexibility to developers . there also is an issue of locked down bootloaders on most new android phones and tablets , which limits the extent of the changes a custom rom can bring . most manufacturers and carriers lock bootloaders to prevent people from " bricking " their devices . there are ways to unlock/bypass such locks for many devices though . bottom line is that if you are looking for a device that will be supported the longest - your best choice is a nexus line . otherwise , i suggest looking at various online forums ( xda-developers or rootzwiki , for example ) to see if there is enough interest in your device from community developers to produce custom roms for it .
from what i have read this is a known " issue " with the s4 . when using pin security you can not change any lock screen widgets either . if i was sure that my fitbit flex would continue to work with the s4 i would have flashed cyanogenmod onto my s4 ( they have been producing nightly versions for the s4 for a couple of weeks now ) .
this is probably because the icon pack you installed does not have an icon for those apps . icon packs only include app icons for certain apps and clearly the one you have installed does not cover many common apps . if you download another icon pack you may find that includes more icons for the apps you have installed . another option would be to contact the developer of the icon pack you have installed and request that they include an icon for the extra apps . if the icon pack does include an icon for the app but for whatever reason it does not change , you can do this manually . long press on the app icon in the menu that appears , click on ' edit ' click on the icon in the popup you should then be able to see all available icons , from which you can select the one you wish to use for that app . this will change the icon everywhere within the launcher ( i.e. . app drawer and home screens ) .
it refers to anything that is peculiar to the android platform or its software stack , any behavior , quirk , style , or ui thingy characteristic of android .
take a look at touchqode . it comes with a virtual keyboard specifically for programming .
backup your phone this is important if you wish to keep any data from your phone . you will have to restore backed up data ( such as apps ) after you update . the only way to update to the latest software is to erase your device , so backup whatever you do not want to lose . extract the . zip file , which you can download from this androidforum thread or this xda thread . open the folder and install msxml 4.0 sp3 parser ( msxml . msi ) . once that has finished , install lgandroiddriver_whql_ml_ver1.0_all_win7 . exe which are the drivers so your computer will recognize your phone . windows xp users download this driver , extract the contents anywhere ( e . g . desktop ) , right-click on the ' android_usb . inf ' file and click ' install ' . now you have set up your phone to connect to your computer correctly . from here on , it depends on which rom you wish to install . this is an excellent video tutorial that covers installing custom roms and rooting , and as said in the update , many roms with instructions can be found on xda . bricking is always a possibility when modifying software that does not come directly through the intended channels that said , the methods here have been proven to work and your risk is significantly less if you perform these steps correctly . let us know if you need any help ! update : this is a method to install updates to your phone . as far as specific roms to install , xda and google can be very helpful . as soon as you find one you like , go for it : )
system apps can not be installed without root . only updates to existing system apps can be installed , and they do not actually reside in the /system partition ; the original app is kept there , which allows you to uninstall updates separately . so a factory reset will remove any updates , but not the original app .
yes , using airplane mode will reduce power drain , as the commentors have already answered . but this approach can not be considered call standby , because you will not receive calls . from the point of view of cellular operator , your phone behaves exactly as if shut down . switching to airplane mode shuts down the cellular connection , including voice and data , but it also turns off wi-fi and bluetooth . note that you can turn any of them on in airplane mode , but this will put extra load on the battery . except from radio , the major power consumer is the screen . actually , typically it uses much more power than all the radios together . if you want to keep running longer , set brightness to minimum , set " screen off " timeout to minimum , and avoid turning the screen too often . if you have an amoled device , e.g. galaxy nexus , the display power request depends on the actual brightness of the screen . if you choose a darker theme , or switch your book reader to " night mode " , you can reduce the battery drain . of all colors except black , red uses the least power . see description of a special app that boasts battery life improvement by applying color filter and adjusting the brightness : http://www.azzamtranslator.com/lux-auto-brightness-manual-or-auto-screen-brightness-adjustments-according-to-time-or-environment/ . note that airplane mode does not disable gps . gps is not running on its own , so disabling it in location settings will not effect the battery life , but if some app , like maps or camera decides to check your location too often , this may become very significant . without cellular or wi-fi , gps can actually need even more power , because it will not have the crude location estimate to begin from . other than that , any app that runs in background can wake the cpu up and consume more power . use a task manager to shut down applications that you do not need in your " standby " mode . this is especially important if you decide not to switch to airplane mode , because the apps in background can not usually do much if they do not have access to internet . if you choose not to switch to airplane mode , there are other things you should be aware of . turn off system synch and turn off cellular data . set "2g only " if this is available on your phone and on your network . shut down any unused background apps . do not wake the screen up too often . finally , android includes a nice utility ( in settings/battery ) that displays power consumption by different components of the system , in percent : many system tools available on the play store feature similar or improved versions of this monitor .
methods i know of : use a carrier/manufacturer tool such as odin for some samsung phones ( i have done this -- it is easily the most feasible method ) . it connects to the phone and writes to the phone storage when the phone is in download mode . a knowledgeable person could probably write their own tool as well . sign the update . zip file , so that the recovery/bootloader thinks its an official update . that is really the only way most phones can distinguish them ( not sure if an encrypted bootloader makes it harder ) . " has anyone actually done this ? " that i do not know -- it is probably incredibly difficult to fake , but realistically someone could gain access to the signing software . use a jig ( an electronic setup that connects directly to parts of the device ) to write directly to the storage . imagine the phone as a pc where the bios prevents writing to the hard drive -- if you do not boot up the computer , the bios can not interfere , so you could just take out the drive and write to it with something else . chips are just not as removable as drives , hence the jig . this would probably require custom software to do the writing , again possibly taken from the manufacturer . and if you do not overwrite the bootloader you might run into problems depending on what checks it does , i am not sure . at a previous job ( a phone manufacturer ) they used a similar tool to odin to replace the bootloader , sometimes with one that did not require the roms to be signed . access to a tool like that makes a lot of problems go away .
sdk : adb shell getprop ro . build . version . sdk complete list : adb shell getprop through the package manager : adb shell pm list features
i would like to try cyanogenmod but my phone is not in the list of supported phones , is there anything i can do ? if you had search more carefully , you had find this topic ( link ) . there is cyanogenmod for your phone . but this firmware in early alpha stage of porting . another great link . if i do not like some rom i installed i can uninstall it and go back to the default rom or any other , right ? yes , you are right . also i would note that there is not dedicated uninstall procedure , but you always can reflash your phone to another rom version , including original stock rom . if i get to root my phone without troubles , can installing the rom break it or my only risk is with the rooting ? the most risky part is , of course , flashing . because if something goes wrong , you may get bricked phone . but usually everything is ok . also android supports recovery boot mode which can help in case of unsuccesful flashing .
i think your hboot needs to be upgraded , and it sounds like perhaps you did not run the ruu to do so . the htcdev site notes that phones with an asterisk ( * ) next to them in the list must run an ruu before unlocking because the bootloader on the device did not originally ship with unlocking capabilities . so first you need to make sure your firmware is up to date ( which it sounds like it is ) , and then you also need to download and run the ruu : before beginning the unlock bootloader process your product requires that you update the rom to the version listed in the table below first , then download the ruu next to it to enable the unlocking capability . the ruu 's filename itself also seems to confirm this . it is listed as PC4910000_Buzz_Froyo_hboot_1.02.0000_R3.exe , indicating ( to me , anyway ) that you need hboot v1.02.0000 in order to perform the unlock .
my current guess is that the script took a lot of cpu time because it uses a very inefficient way of calculating the log file length , which is to read the entire log file to memory and use length . this should not have been much of an issue if the log file is small , but since you said that log file 's current size is more than 50mb , this shows that the log file is not getting trimmed properly . another concerning issue is that init scripts are supposed to only run once at startup , but this script is obviously being run periodically . if my guess is correct , you may be able to fix this temporarily by deleting the log file , but eventually the slow down will occur again when the log file is filled again . check if you have the latest version of your rom , maybe it is fixed in the latest version ? otherwise if it is an unmaintained rom , you will need to figure out a way to fix the script .
do a system wipe and reinstall . this significantly sped up my sensation .
/data/user was added in jelly bean as part of multi-user support . each user on the device gets a directory in there named after their user id , and that directory contains each app 's data directory for that user . /data/user/0 is a symlink to /data/data .
i believe if i understand your question , the linking between your google account happens automatically ( as it should ) when you log into your google account on your handset , and your contacts all synchronize . however it sounds like some of the merging of duplicates , and what number is the " default " number get lost ? for this i would definitely recommend the gmail application online . all you need is to login from a computer and select " contacts " . then just go under " more actions " and do " find and merge duplicates " that should give you just one contact per person . this is your best option if you have lots of contacts , some are duplicates , or other information not entered or organized correctly . it can be quite time consuming and tedious to do editing from the handset . if this is not what you are asking , you may have to rephrase the question slightly . when you say " sync the default number " that is rather ambiguous sentence . for example , i log into gmail , click contacts , and then select one of my friends . there it shows me the numbers stored on my phone ( in the google cloud ) . if i were to change the numbers shown , that change would be reflected when i grabbed the handset next . are you looking to make one number the default number for that person ? and have it do so automatically ? edit : after doing a little more research , it looks like this question was addressed here at the google forums . the last comment in the list ( by ratgurrl ) mentions exactly this frustration . and despite what you do on the phone , when you resynchronize you lose the preference settings you put in the handset , and the ' default ' will revert to whichever contact number is at the top of the list on that contact in gmail . so the real answer until google addresses this : log into gmail , and move the one you want as the " default " contact to the top of the list .
you can go in settings , running applications and close the ones that you do not need . the application that the system needs you will not be able to close . or you can just uninstall the undesired ones as well . and reformat your question so it makes more sense and it is understandable .
the solution that has worked for me is : upgrade to a nexus s running cyanogenmod 10 .
with sites like gravatar or twitter 's image cropping , i have found that the two finger " pinch " gesture works .
it generates this error when there is only an emulator attached . EOCD not found, not Zip file 'AstroFileManager2.5.1.apk' is not a valid zip file  i realized that the astrofilemanager apk has problem . i downloaded a new one from xda and it works . done .
in tweetdeck , each column has separate notification and update settings . tap the menu key , then column settings . switch notify off , and set your desired update interval , or move the slider all the way to the right to select " manual " .
on my nexus 7 , my downloaded books go in /Android/data/com.safaribooksonline/files/zips . they are stored in xhtml directories which includes various metadata , images and the chapters themselves as xhtml documents . while these look vaguely html like , they certainly can not be rendered in chrome or other web browsers directly , you just end up seeing all of the mark-up as text . i do not know how standard the xhtml format is for e-books , or whether other readers could understand the format safari uses , but hopefully this helps point you in the right direction .
to answer the first question - that singular pattern where at minimum four dots must be joined , is built into android , if you want to have multiple patterns , that requires modding the source and rolling your own rom which is outside the scope of this site . now , onto the second question " is it possible to install more than one app that lock my screen with pattern lock and use them simultaneously ? will it cause any kind of clashes or other troubles ? " that depends on the app , the lock-screen is within the framework of android itself , unless the app over-rides the built-in lock-screen mechanism , then there should not be any clashes . the important keyword is over-ride . if the said alternative lock-screen clashes then that is down to poor programming effort . : )
it is because google can back up which apps you have installed on your google account , and restore them when you associate your account with a new device . since your friend 's account is new , the apps have not been installed yet , and are therefore not shown . as for why the apps are not shown as installed , it is because they are not installed from google play , but from samsung . if i remember correctly , samsung has it is own samsung apps app , which handles updates for preinstalled applications unless they are associated with their google play counterparts .
you must first add your google account to the tablet . the google play app will not let you switch an account until there are two or more accounts on the device . so first add your google account . you will probably want to disable all of the synchronizing options . once that is done , open the google play app , and you will see the option to switch accounts . on top of that , you will be able to " push install " apps to the tablet from your desktop computer ( provided you are logged into the same google account ) . the downside , of course , is that there is now a device that can synchronize your contacts , gmail , photos , etc that you do not control . your grandma could decide to purchase in-app items or purchase new apps ( though you can require a password for that , at least ) . alternatively , if you only want to install a few of the paid apps you own , you can temporarily add your account , install the apps , then remove the account . the apps remain installed , even without the linked account .
open the google plus app , go to settings and disable " instant-upload " . please note if you enabled it : each photo you take will be uploaded to google plus ' staging area but not be shared immediately . it is just for convenience so that you do not have to grab your phone if you want to share some past pictures you took with your mobile . you will be able to to share from any browser you are logged in at any later time you want . you can also select if you only want to instant-upload when you are on wifi .
i have several bluetooth-gps adapters that i use with all of my devices when i need a superb signal because a specialiced receiver is almost always superior to a smartphone 's internal gps ( due to integration constraints ) . gps receiver : my favourite is the bluemax 4043 bluetooth receiver . it has more than one day uptime , it can also log 32mb of gps data and uses a cheap nokia bl-5c battery . linux support ! openstreetmaps wiki has a comprehensive list of good receivers ( search for the bluetooth enabled ones ) . software support : cyanogenmod7+ can connect to gps bluetooth receivers , stock android users may install 3rd party apps like bluetooth gps provider . it is very handy for my nook color tablet that has no gps but bluetooth ( asus transformer prime users also have this kind of problem ) .
found out the problem . orange wap was selected instead of orange internet in settings > access point names .
there is the splashtop desktop streaming application . the app is free , but has some in-app purchases for more features . they also have a few premium versions available .
this thread goes way back but i still were unable to find one in the market that seems to fit the description , so i made one myself . get it here : the widget updates hourly , and currently there is no way to configure that .
as meer borg correctly states in his answer : when an app is installed , the package manager reads its Manifest , and notes the permissions requested into files the android system controls ( /data/system/packages.xml , /system/etc/permissions/*.xml ( one file per app ) ) . additionally , for each permission there is a specific user group , which will be assigned to the app 1 . so each time the app tries to access a feature requiring a permission , this is checked against : if the permission was declared in the Manifest , access is granted – otherwise it is refused . note that this is a simplified description , though while this is the general rule , for some things there are possibilities to work-around the permissions . if an app e.g. wants to send something to the internet , it could also do so calling an " intent " , asking the browser to open a certain page ( like e.g. http://bad.server/collector.php?info1=some_info&amp;info2=more_info ) . however , this would not go un-noticed by the user , as the browser would open in foreground and show this action . so if an app would make use of this feature , the outcry would be heard ( usually ) . if a dev really wants to do " bad things " , he could also use another way : have one app with all the required permissions , and a second with almost none . if the user has both apps installed , the second one could call the first ( big-permission ) app to process " things " it cannot do itself ( due to lacking permissions ) – in the same manner as described above for accessing the internet . note that this priciple is used e.g. for addons , and " inter-app-communication " in a positive sense , too tl ; dr : an app is restricted to the permissions it requests , and cannot directly access other " things " . " indirect " access would not go unnoticed . p.s. : this is just an abstract , and simplified presentation . i am not in android development , so some dev might have better understanding and correct me , or add to the above . 1 example ( note the " groups " list ) : the id command ( without parameters ) shows information about the " current user " . in this case , i was using adb shell , so the user is the " shell app " ( rather the integrated unix shell ) . the list of groups shows which permissions are granted to the shell , so it can e.g. read and write the sdcard , access bluetooth , and the internet ( plus some more things ) .
yes you can . depending on your bluetooth adapter on your windows computer . connect the two together , find the phone connection and choose " control " . there you can connect to the phone as " music and audio " . of course this can be different on your computer and then i cannot help you .
as the firmware resides in /system , flashing a firmware obviously overwrites that partition . /boot is usually involved here as well . whether the two get " wiped " is a different question ; but as otherwise things could get " mixed " , which might cause unwanted side-effects , i would say they are ( i am not 100% sure with this ) . so in these two partitions , nothing of the previously installed firmware should remain . that is different for the other partitions of your device . so usually , /data is not touched by the flashing process , but of course it will be touched once the new system boots up ( it e.g. needs to initialize the dalvik cache for the newly installed system apps , which is located in /data/dalvik-cache ) . for the /cache partition ( holding the application cache ) it is similar : it usually is not touched by the flashing process , but used normally afterwards . hence it is a good idea to wipe these two ( cache and dalvik cache ) when installing a different rom . it might not always be required , but it does not hurt . a factory-reset in principle is a combination of the two : it wipes the /cache and /data partitions . so other than the manual wipe of the caches from a custom recovery , it also removes all user data ( including the user-installed apps ) . note : do not confuse a " wipe " with a " safe erase": with the right tools , data still might be recoverable following a wipe . with this on your mind , your second question becomes obsolete : if you just want a clean system for yourself , this wish is already granted . if , on the other hand , you did these steps to sell your device , there is always the point of what could be restored . for a " safe erase " , you might want to take a look at special tools like nuke my phone / nuke my tablet , which overwrite everything with " garbage data " , and finalize this process with a factory-reset .
you can try redirect file organiser . the usage by dev is explained at /r/android over here . hope this is what you are looking for .
if you use odin then i am asuming you have a samsung device . depending on what stock rom you use , i mean if you will flash using 1 file or 3 file rom , if you have a 3 file rom then you have to put in the pit file to , and then you can enable the re-partition . if you use 1 file rom in odin , i think it will re-partition by default so you do not have to check the repartition check box in odin .
because long pressing the power button on all most any android device ( if not all ) will reboot the device . it is meant to be the restart button in case on a device something goes wrong , you have the option to hard reset the device . to correctly shut down a device you have to tap the power button and select the option to power of , or if you are in cwm select " power off device " , or i think you can shut it down using adb to .
i had the same issue , not with cyanogen , but stock android in nexus 5 phone . i solved the issue temporarily as follows : go to Settings &gt; Developer Options change Animator Duration Scale to 0.5x ( may be more . at first i set it in none , so it did not work . changing to 0.5x solved my problem . i did not check other options like 1x etc ) . this method solved me in nexus 5 . ( not sure about note 2 , try it and let 's know )
once you have activated an input field , you should see a keyboard icon in your notification area . drag the notification bar down and tap on the notification saying Select input method and you should get the menu . if this does not work , it is due to samsung 's modifications . at least the vanilla ics has this option .
short answer : that is no doubt a software issue , reported across forums after an upgrade to ics 4.0 . x . some users reporting this can be found here : galaxy s2 charging port problem - xda-developers re : ics 4.0.3 charging paused , voltage too high an . . . - vodafone eforum do not know with certainty if you have upgraded the firmware to ics 4.0 or any other variant , being the latest ones 4.0.3 or 4.0.4 nonetheless , you either roll back and wait for a new version that does not cause that issue or you can try some of the suggestions provided below ( all reported to have worked without problems by other owners of a samsung galaxy s2 ) . extending the answer : first and above all backup all personal data on your phone to make sure you are not going to lose anything either by rolling back or trying a new/different firmware . e.g. , contacts , sms , mms , internet settings , wi-fi passwords , etc . . . you can go with one of these suggestions : once the backup is concluded , the following solutions are documented as to have solved that particular issue on your phone . solutions ordered from the simplest to the most complicated : clearing cache data the problem you are facing can be related to old files still in cache . follow these steps to clear your cache and see if it solves it : boot your phone in recovery mode , to do that press and hold volume up and middle key , while holding both press power on ; you will see your phone booted in recovery mode , in recovery mode touch screen will not work so use volume up and volume down to navigate through options and middle key to confirm ; choose “wipe cache partition” from menu ; it will clear the cache data ; now select reboot system now ; factory reset samsung has a master reset code used to factory reset your phone . you can try this as to cleanup your phone and wait for a better ics version , or try another ics version ( see suggestion n . º 3 ) : make sure you have a backup of your personal data ( e . g . , contacts , sms , mms , internet settings , wi-fi passwords , etc ) . take your sim and memory card out of your phone turn your phone back on , and wait for the dial pad dial the factory reset code : *2767*3855# this will wipe , reset and then correctly format the internal storage . after the process is completed , place your sim and memory cards back on the phone . firmware flash ( odin ) download the latest samsung odin here , and install either one of the latest ics versions or a previous one that can be found on the links at the very end of this answer . 3.1 . flash your firmware to the android 4.0: xxlpq — update galaxy s2 to android 4.0 official firmware manually this firmware and the guide below is compatible only and only with galaxy s2 , model number i9100 . it’s not compatible with any other device , including us variants of s2 , the epic 4g touch , t-mobile galaxy s2 and at and t galaxy s2 along with skyrocket . check your device’s model number in settings » about phone . 3.2 . install android ics 4.0.3 xxlpj firmware update : install android ics 4.0.3 xxlpj firmware on samsung galaxy s2 gt i9100 here is another tutorial how to install android ics 4.0.3 xxlpj firmware update on samsung galaxy s2 gt i9100 . samsung galaxy ii got the official xxlpq firmware update recently . but the firmware had some bugs and users reported it . samsung revived the android 4.0.3 and added some other latest features 3.3 . flash your firmware to the android 4.0.4: xxlq5 - download and install official android 4.0.4 ics firmware for samsung galaxy s2 finally , you can download and install latest official android 4.0.4 ice cream sandwich firmware on samsung galaxy s ii now . yup , there is a leaked official android 4.0.4 ics firmware for samsung galaxy s2 ~ xxlq5 firmware ( europe region ) . update samsung galaxy s2 i9100 to android 4.0.4 ics xxlq5 leaked firmware samsung galaxy s2 i9100 has been running on the android 4.0.3 firmware and recently there were rumors that said that it won’t receive the android 4.0.4 ics update . however , all these rumors were shattered today because there is a new leaked firmware for i9100 that is based on android 4.0.4 ics and with xxlq5 firmware , which means that samsung should eventually launch the new update in the near future . useful and related links : the official android 4.0 ( ice cream sandwich ) website . a very extensive list with official i9100 firmwares lpe/q/7/2/f/s/4/7/g/9/w/d/f to download and an how-to guide to flash your firmware with odin . android firmwares .net- samsung galaxy s ii firmwares .
i am using connectify hotspot free . it have 90min limited uptime and some adds . i had same problem with sharing internet connection via windows 7 ad-hoc so i tried a some tools to share internet but only connectify worked well in my case .
at least honeycomb allows user to encrypt all data ( see article on http://www.netbooklive.com/android-honeycomb-can-encrypt-all-your-data-7497/ ) . you can export all your contacts from the application ( tap in contacts app on menu , then import/export and choose export to sd card )
open a terminal in ubuntu ( ctrl+alt+t ) and type this commands : sudo add-apt-repository ppa:langdalepl/gvfs-mtp sudo apt-get update  then , launch software updater ( previously known as update manager ) and install the available updates . afther you pdate everything restart pc . if you want to revert back before making any changes : sudo ppa-purge ppa:langdalepl/gvfs-mtp  next time , i think you should ask this is askubuntu . com since it is more of a linux specific problem then android .
there is lots of apps that perform the function of restricting access to other apps . simply head to google play and search for " app locker " .
from what it sounds like , you not only want it to show a higher percentage but also ' use ' this last little bit of juice in the battery . technically you could just modify the icon to show full all the time or be slightly above the real level , but that is just the icon 's look . i think to accomplish what you are trying to do you will have to modify the rom yourself . if your savvy in this field , you can look for some open source roms , modify it , and see if it works .
the kernel is part of the " boot image " , which is stored in a separate partition in the flash memory , not in a normal file . see http://android-dls.com/wiki/index.php?title=howto:_unpack,_edit,_and_re-pack_boot_images
check out the " barebones " page in cyanogenmod 's wiki .
download es file explorer and uninstall gravity screen by going to app manager then select gravity screen and uninstall it .
it is a built-in feature of froyo , as long as the developer has built the app that way . however , you are mostly out of luck , unless you are willing to root your phone and install cyanogenmod and apps2sd or jump through the hoops bruce details in his answer . if you do have android 2.2 or higher , the app sdmove can be a big help in moving apps in bulk . sdwatch is also useful , as it monitors apps you install and alerts you if it can be moved the sd card . ( there are , of course , other apps that do the same things . they are just the ones i have used . )
simple answer : no . android always uses oom ( out-of-memory ) prioritizing to free unused memory . you can change the priorities of apps ( at least until reboot ) with some task managers but even then if the memory runs low , apps in the background start getting killed . think about this scenario : you have downloaded a badly coded app which runs on boot , causes a buffer overflow and hogs all your memory . normally , this app is killed , but if it is set to stay open it effectively bricks your phone until reboot , and after that starts again , and again , etc . some timers use services with high priorities to avoid this problem , but if you launch enough high-performance , resource-hogging apps while the timer is in the background , it will eventually get killed .
ok , here is how i solved the problem : i followed the first part of the directions here : http://oldwiki.cyanogenmod.org/wiki/motorola_droid_2_global:_full_update_guide to wipe the flash and install older version of the motorola software . ( specifically , section 2.1.1 ) then i upgraded to the version that i was running before the update started attempting to run .
long press the home screen , select samsung widgets--> select program monitor
the specs at gsmarena mention tv-out ( via mhl a/v link ) , which suggests it should work . on the other hand , expertsreview states : the micro usb port also doubles up as a display output , though surprisingly it does not use the mhl standard that we have seen on numerous recent devices , such as the samsung galaxy s3 . instead it supports the new slimport standard , which is based upon displayport . which suggests the standards are incompatible ( other sources i consulted underline this ) . an even clearer hint you will find in a review by anandtech : when i wrote that review it was not immediately clear what advantages slimport offered over mhl , which has become relatively ubiquitous in the year or so since its introduction . since then i have acquired the slimport microusb to hdmi 1.4 sp1002 and vga ( d-sub ) sp2002 adapters from analogix for testing out slimport on the nexus 4 . . . . as of this writing , the analogix sp1002 adapter is available on amazon for around $30 usd . i have not seen the sp2002 available online anywhere yet , however . as this shows , there're slimport adapters available which are not that expensive ( though not that cheap either ) , and are probably better fitted for your purpose . as you either yet have to buy the cable , i would rather go for the right one .
you can remove the account that it " defaults " to and try to re-add the account . i think there is some type of bug in the newer version of the market because i have the same issue from time to time . it is not the " default " account , and i have like 8 accounts on the device ( all google accounts ) but it always wants to use this one . i found that it " fixes " , but usually only temporarily , if i go in to the application settings and clear the data for the market app .
go keyboard also has an up button . you will just need to launch the editor .
the only option i had was to do a factory reset and reinstall all the apps using appbrain .
from what i can make out from your scenario , it seems the culprit is the android 's dalvik cache . quote from a thread in xda forums:- when android starts up , the dalvikvm looks thru all of your applications ( . apk files ) and frameworks , and builds a tree of dependencies . it uses this dependency tree to optimize the bytecode for every application and stores it in the dalvik cache . the applications are then run using the optimized bytecode . this is why when you install a new rom , sometimes it takes a very long time to boot for the first time . any time an application ( or framework library ) changes , it is reoptimized and the cache is updated . and it seems that each time you reboot , the dalvik cache reoptimizes .
it looks like what you are describing is actually the proper behavior , though it is not particularly obvious why that is the case . android , by default , scrolls your wallpaper to the left and right when you swipe around your home screen . this means that there is a sort of " virtual " desktop that represents the collection of your home screen pages , and it is ( basically by definition ) larger than the screen 's resolution . the general rule is that the resolution of the virtual desktop will be 2x wider than the screen 's physical resolution , but the height will be the same . therefore , when android is cropping your image for your 1280x800 screen , it is actually attempting to create a wallpaper with an aspect ratio that lines up with your 1280x1600 virtual desktop . thus , if the image you use is 1280x800 ( like your screen ) , it will be cropped and scaled in the process . if you had like to make a wallpaper that fits the sizing of your virtual desktop without any cropping , what is the default resolution of a wallpaper that fits the homescreen exactly in an android phone ? contains some useful links and resources .
i heart radio and tunein radio are apps that let you stream fm radio stations . you select the sort of station you like and listen to the music they play . i personally use them for listening to talk radio , but same difference .
according to the manual ( warning : pdf file ) for the phone ( page 24 ) , it is the gps icon . screenshot :
you can use the " allshare " apk , which enable you to use dlna phone device ( im considering that your sony bravia supports dlna ) .
final answer ( to wrap up the question ) [ short version ] : battery was utterly dead , when popped open and measured at the tabs , voltage was under the safe minimum . new battery ordered from ebay plugged in , tablet worked ! just had to to escape from a boot cycle of doom , root and install cyanogenmod 9 alpha ( of which there are numerous available tutorials for both of these around the web )
i found my solution . this feature is provided in go locker . it is so great , and works with google music as well ! very customizable and there are zillion of themes out there . and most important , it is free . i am sure you now think i am affiliated with them , the truth is yes , i use their products and i am addicted to them , that is it !
for locale , both gps and wifi triggers can drain the battery more quickly . locale 's built-in location condition can consider cell towers without gps if you set the diameter of the location condition to about 2km . there is also a locale condition plugin , " location ( energy-saving ) " , which uses cell towers to determine location . it takes advantage of the fact that the phone is already listening for towers . the biggest potential drawback for using the energy-saving location is when you are in an area dense with cell towers , like a major urban downtown with lots of tall buildings ( especially if you work higher up where lots of towers are visible to the phone ) .
originally posted by @ott-- in the comments , this answer did the trick . i am posting it as an answer since ott-- has not . is not the target named /sdcard or /storage/sdcard and not /system/sdcard ?
i found out what the problem was : on every single device there were ' battery saver ' apps installed . the devices are in my workplace , so i am not the only one who uses them and someone must have installed those apps . i did not care for them until now and they never did any harm , but they somehow must've interferred with the new 4.4 android . after uninstalling them everything is fine on all devices : )
you can install and configure t-mobile 's own visual voicemail app . you will get notified about your voicemails through it instead of the system 's phone/dialer app , with the ability to dismiss that notification . as a bonus , you can also listen to and delete your voicemails without having to dial in and waste prepaid minutes . be aware that this app needs to be able to send and receive one sms message in order to enable its functionality . if you are using voice+ feature of cyanogenmod custom rom , you will need to temporarily disable it .
short answer : yes . it depends on the currently enabled wi-fi sleep mode . by default , android disables wi-fi when your device goes into a sleep . in this case , 3g is the remaining mode of network communication , and it gets used by gmail/gtalk push notifications , etc . obviously , this network communication takes its toll on your battery time . if you disable 3g you will save some battery , but your device will be completely offline while in sleep . however , if your wi-fi is " always on " , your 3g will never be used , so it does not really matter if it is on or off . however , " always on " wi-fi is a big battery drain by itself . . . update : note that sleep modes and sub-system energy consumption differ from phone to phone . moreover , 3g energy consumption varies greatly , depends on which background services are enabled , proximity of the cellular tower , etc . i have not seen any " authoritative " documentation on this subject . i suggest you check your battery stats ( in Settings -&gt; Battery ) and see how cellular communication affects your battery time overall . usually , it is a very small percentage , so in general dialing your screen brightness a down a notch will have much greater effect on your battery life .
in android , a launcher is no different to any other kind of app . the launcher just has an extra intent filter that launches it when you press the home button . if you have more than one launcher app installed , you get a chooser dialog to select one , just like any other time you perform an action that more than one app can handle ( such as sharing a photo ) . android packages are not like packages in gnu/linux distributions . they have very limited access to the system , and can not leave files behind them after you uninstall them ( except on the sd card , if they request the permission needed to access it ) . except when allowed with specific permissions ( which you should always check before installing ) , the only real problem they can cause is using the resources of your phone : taking too much power , network , or storage . in this respect , you do not need to worry about an unstable launcher any more than any other kind of app you install . if my understanding is correct launchers like buzz launcher or go launcher significantly change how android looks , but the changes perhaps do not stop just there . i think you are overstating how much a launcher can do . all it changes is how your home screen looks , including the list of apps and widgets you get to from the home screen . a launcher does not affect the appearance of any other app , nor does it change how android works . it is just an app you launch by pressing the home button .
like bryan says ( i can not comment so had to add another answer . . . ) , it does not move the whole app . the size given after the move is the bit still on the internal storage - it does not give any size for the elements that have beend moved to sd . so in answer to your question , the app does not get smaller , just amount of internal storage used gets smaller .
an antivirus app will have a major effect on your battery life . a friend with an htc desire could not understand why he could never get more than 4 or 5 hours out of his battery , even turning most things off , until he remembered installing one of the av apps to try it out . removing that brought his battery life back up to what it should be . when the first android troojan virus hit back in august last year , similarly to the recent geinimi trojan , in both cases the affected user had to willingly install an app that was from a third-party source , and go through the permissions screen where the app specifically asks for permissions that it should not really need . an attentive and careful user can protect themselves from these kind of threats just by taking care to only install apps from trusted sources , and to read which permissions an app asks for as it installs , and stop to think whether it really needs to do things like read your contacts and send smss . the real problem will come when a virus learns to either break out of its app 's sandbox and into another , or learns how to give itself root access , or take advantage of the root access that someone else has installed . this is what the iphone worm of about a year ago did , when it took advantage of the fact that the most popular iphone jailbreak app left all jailbroken phones with the same root password by default , and most users never bothered changing the password . no android virus has yet been shown to be able to do that .
it all depends on your usage . android system includes sync , so if you are not using your phone a lot then i would assume sync and standby would use the most battery -- so your details make sense . edit : as per the comments , i think the battery usage is being recorded wrong .
from your description , there are two obvious possibilities . the first is that some static electricity or oil on the touch screen is causing it to think you are touching it . try giving the screen a good wipe . also , earth yourself by holding a metal water pipe with one hand , and cover the screen with your other hand . the alternative is a manufacturing defect in the touch screen . faulty touch screens are quite a common problem with cheaper tablets . if you can manage to do this with all the false touches , try to install a paint program from google play and run it on your tablet . leave the paint program running for a few minutes , and any false touches will paint on the screen . you can see where they are happening . you may see a pattern to them , such as all being in one strip of the screen , or always at one point . that would confirm that it is a fault in the touch screen , in which case you should return your tablet and get it replaced .
no . built-in drivers are not modules , they are built-in ( hence the name ) . if it is not showing in lsmod , you can not get rid of it short of building a new kernel .
you just need to add the --user 0 option to your am command .
you will have to be rooted to control from home screen . button savior root will do this for you . you can also download and install volume control + which allows you . to . modify the volume without a rooted device - you will have to use the widget or app ui however .
try bird bar . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mikedg.android.bar.lite and now , for the rest of my 30 characters . . .
since you have evervolv 's rom i assume you have a custom recovery . backup all the files on your sd card . boot to recovery and partition your sd card . i would suggest at 1gb for sd ext .
have you searched in the market using " google " as the publisher ? gmail / maps / search are available there . also found this link - http://handheld.softpedia.com/get/internet-utilities/instant-messenger/gtalk-106808.shtml
as with your other question , i think you will have to use an app other than google 's voice actions to get this functionality ( at least at the current time ) . this is another feature that dragon supports , though . if you enable the " background wake-up " setting then you can use the phrase " hi dragon " to launch the app from anywhere , including when the screen is locked . for that matter , you can say " hi dragon " while the screen is off and it will wake up the device and launch dragon for you without requiring any manual input at all .
q : how does bump work ? a : there are two parts to bump : the app running on your device and a smart matching algorithm running on our servers in the cloud . the app on your phone uses the phone 's sensors to literally " feel " the bump , and it sends that info up to the cloud . the matching algorithm listens to the bumps from phones around the world and pairs up phones that felt the same bump . then we just route information between the two phones in each pair . q : no way . what if somebody else bumps at the same time ? a : way . we use various techniques to limit the pool of potential matches , including location information and characteristics of the bump event . if you are bumping in a particularly dense area ( ex , at a conference ) , and we cannot resolve a unique match after a single bump , we will just ask you to bump again . http://bu.mp/faq your phone has some idea of where you are using cell phone cells or wifi networks , the are several applications that use that . gps would only work outdoors . so using time of the bump and somewhat accurate location provided by either cell phone cells or wifi networks it can see which two phones are bumping .
it took a lot of effort but i actually found a working solution to my problem . i first updated my phone to latest available android version 2.3.6 and that did not solve my problem . so i installed an app that shows me more details about the network setup of my phone . and after some digging around i noticed what was wrong : my phone did not have a default ipv4 route . how did that happen ? in the dhcp i push a default route ( dhcp option 3 ) ! i realized that when i just had the ipv6 link ( which is part of a whole new internet connection ) my phone did connect to the internet with both ipv4 and ipv6 . so i recreated the original setup and found that in that scenario indeed it does work . so what is different ? it took me two nights with wireshark to track the culprit down . the real reason turns out to be that i have a static route for my dmz which is pushed by my ipv4 dhcp server ( dhcp option 121 ) . when i do that the android phone only shows a route for the local subnet and the additional route i pushed . the default route is lost , hence ipv4 traffic is distorted . apparently android even no longer tries to do ipv4 dns requests ( which is the problem i started with ) . all of my other systems ( windows {xp , 7} , linux , android 3 . x ) do not do this and they keep all of the pushed routes and the default route . once i figured out what the problem was i could google more effectively and i found this bug report : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=17525 which in turn led to a workaround that actually works ! ! quote from http://forum.xda-developers.com/archive/index.php/t-635489.html so when looking at the dhcp ack packet you will see the default route in there twice : under option 3 and 121 . quite an unexpected workaround . . . but it works for me . it turns out the android behaviour is correct : http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3442#page-5 "If the DHCP server returns both a Classless Static Routes option and a Router option, the DHCP client MUST ignore the Router option." 
it is perfectly possible to skip android versions , but 2.3 has not been released for the galaxy s . see when will my phone get the android 2.3 update ( gingerbread ) ? you could try a custom rom , however ; check out xda 's sgs development forum to find one .
please clarify what is the intended goal and why ? android phones have their own boot-loaders and cannot be overridden by other means . it is not like a pc 's bios where you can switch the ordering of boot to boot from certain devices such as network pxe , usb , primary/secondary h.d.d. . . edit : after the comments below , and in relation to the op 's question is there any way to boot an android phone ( e . g . one with usb otg functionality . ) via way of a bus-powered usb drive the generic boot-loader ( *which resides on the chip-set ) has no knowledge of usb etc , as the lk ( little kernel ) is more concerned about trapping keystrokes in order to chain-load into recovery or to boot directly into android environment ( when holding vol+down key in this instance ) - in pseudo-code ( this is from the context/aspect of lk , and also , the memory addresses pertaining to how to read the partitions are hard-coded into this lk so it will know how to process the logic ! ) the lk kernel is the de-facto standard by qualcomm for msm chipsets ( snapdragon ) and adopted by manufacturers such as sony , motorola , lg , samsung and can be found in the aosp source under bootable/bootloader . if ( is volume down key pressed ? ) then chain-load kernel from /recovery partition into particular address in memory and jump to it and start execution , in bringing up the recovery environment else chain-load kernel from /system partition into particular address in memory and jump to it and start execution in bringing up the android environment . end if . as the kernel within lk is pretty limited , considering that the binary image of the kernel is burned into the chip and therefore no way of modifying it . and also should be mentioned that lk contains the fastboot protocol in preparation for flashing /boot , /recovery , /system and /data partitions . there are two sequences to boot , primary boot and secondary boot as it is : primary boot -> lk ( depending on outcome of logic ) go into secondary boot -> /boot or /recovery side note : samsung is fond of the pbl/sbl ( which is primary boot loader and secondary boot loader respectively ) in their jargon when it comes to modding . thing about samsung , is that , in some handsets , pbl and sbl may be encrypted ( samsung wave gt-s8500 is one such example , where porting android to it was nearly impossible to do because of the drm within the boot loaders which was a nightmare to deal with and made modding it extremely difficult , nonetheless , it is sort of working via an exploit in the fota code ! ) this is why there are no extra facilities such as otg functionality or anything else such as serial communications , reading from sdcard , graphics etc as it would make the lk kernel bigger than is intended . in other words , it is the smallest possible size of kernel that is designated to do just the above pseudo-code happen . also , another way of looking at it is this , and this is dependent on the android version - the usb otg functionality is fully brought up within the android environment , i.e. when the familiar home screen appears , then otg 's functionality is enabled . unfortunately not the case when looking at it from lk 's perspective . if you are curious , here 's the qualcomm entry on the above lk which is a part of the tiny c source that has arm assembly included and found in jellybean 's aosp source in bootable/bootloader/legacy/usbloader/main.c
what i did : move my actual contacts to the sim card wipe the data from the contacts storage app in the application manager load the contacts from the sim .
nothing like that exists yet since the apps are not run natively in the os , but they use dalvik virutal machine instead ( wikipedia ) . it is somewhat comparable to java in the sense that it uses bytecode and creates a separated environment for each app . so unless the dalvik environment is ported to other platforms , they can not be run on normal hardware . there is a project called alien dalvik by myriad that tries to run android apps in different environments , but there is not much info on it . myriad alien dalvik
you can use an alternative sms app , e.g. handcent . i think the spell checking feature is probably htc specific ( afaik , htc has their own sms app ) .
when i first rooted my droid ( with easyroot ) , i remained on the stock rom until i got annoyed by the ota update message ( and ended up switching to cm6 ) . however , i was able to use wireless tether without doing anything else . no new kernel , no mods , nada . just root on vanilla android . if you have already updated to the latest version of android via ota , then i am pretty certain you had have to downgrade your phone to get root to work unless there is a new method to get root now . i know for a fact that easyroot no longer works with the ota update .
check the following android apps on google play despy camera ( free ) volshutter camera
solved . first of all , i did not know how to enter in recovery mode on cubot gt-99 , but accidentally i enter in it , and i want share this with you because i did not find it on internet . press power for 1 sec and than release . . . phone vibrate . . . immediately after vibration press and hold power and volume+ button . in recovery mode it alows me to : apply update from adb/sdcard/cache wipe data/factory reset wipe cache partition backuo/restore user data i tried to establish a connection with the adb , but it did not work because of encrtyption . i made a backup user data and after that i dona factory reset . the new system had the same problem , there is no system keyboard . so i have installed the swift keyboard from computer using the command adb install %PATH_OF_PACKAGE_ON_PC% . i finally had some keyboard with which i could enter my email address and password to enter in google play . there i installed root app delete ( with which i had previously disabled the system keyboard ) , to re-enable the system keyboard . in the end all i needed is to go to the system recovery and restore user data witch i made before factory reset . that is it . : )
go to the play store , and install google keyboard . this includes its own spell checking dictionary . navigate to : Settings -&gt; Language &amp; Input -&gt; Spelling correction  and select " google spell check " . you can click the settings icon to change the language too .
i think this is an unresolvable issue but you can find more info at the link below stackexchange-url
there are multiple solutions . as i do not know how you tried to download it ( or with which app you received it ) , i will give you a few " blind shots": downloading it with the browser : this might give you the error you described ( see below for a possible solution on this ) , or might simply store the file in your downloads folder ( depending on the browser used ) . in the latter case , the saved file is often mis-named to .epub.html , so you had have to rename it and strip the .html off to be able to open the book with your reader . receiving it with the mail/gmail app : there should be a way to simply " save the attachment " to your sdcard . you need to find the correct folder with some ebook readers ; aldiko might offer you to import it to its library from wherever you have stored it . downloading it with your pc , and copying it to your device : same steps as above after saving the attachment . try moon+ reader as alternative ebook reader app : as far as i remember , moon+ registers itself for the .epub extension , which should completely solve your problem with the error message ( the book would be opened directly in moon+ reader ) . and even if not , it has a lot of opds libraries pre-configured where you can download books from directly from within the app . one or more of above items should help you out of your misery . enjoy ebook reading ! ps : if you like moon+ : until the end of this month ( february 28 , 2013 ) , the pro version ( moon+ reader pro ) is offered for half of its usual price to celebrate its return to the playstore after having been unfairly banned . this is an offer you should take then : )
this sounds like a typical bluetooth interference problem . it happens to me from time to time , but i did not notice any correlation with the android version i use ( neither on n1 nor ns ) .
the problem is gone after a fresh install . now , there is no need to answer .
/data/media contains a number of folders including legacy and obb , neither of which appear to be shared between users , at least not on my nexus 10 . it also contains a 0 folder which is the emulated sd card of the first user , then 10 , 11 and 12 for the sd cards of the first three other users of the device . i know you said your device is not rooted and you seem to be able to use obb ( which i can not ) but if you root , you will be able to access any sd card image this way . hope this helps in some way .
there is a nice ( free ) alternative keyboard on the android market - that is somewhere between swype and the built in keyboard - called touchpal . it allows for three different layouts ( 16 key , 20 key and qwerty ) and you can set a default for different orientations - i.e. 20 key for portrait , qwerty for landscape . and there is a bunch of other things it does that make it nice and easy to use . one thing to note is that it is made for chinese and english input but there are options to turn off the chinese input . also , some version of android have a bug that sometimes prevents a newly added input method editor ( ime ) from showing up properly . you may need to restart the handset after installing . all that aside , i use it every day on my htc desire as a replacement for the stock keyboard and i could not do without it . have a look at cootek 's site or search market for cootek or touchpal .
if you have cleared your google service framework data to recieve the update , it will change your device id that google uses to recognise your device . this also affects the tokens used by some apps ( i.e. . google now , google search , chrome ) and they wont connect to the google servers properly and refuse to work for a while ( this was like 24~48 hours for me , before these apps started behaving as the tokens were eventually refreshed ) . other non-google apps will continue working . more details of why this happens can be found in this reddit post by a google engineer : http://www.androidpolice.com/2013/11/20/google-engineer-dan-morrill-sheds-some-light-on-the-nexus-ota-process-urges-you-to-never-clear-google-service-framework-data/
have you enabled the visibility of these labels/folders from the imap section of options in the main gmail web interface . advanced imap controls were recently rolled out to all users , so certain labels/folders may have been deemed hidden . click settings and then within the labels section , check mark those boxes whose labels you want shown as imap folders by selecting show in imap . =========== update : also check within k9 account settings > folders and make sure certain folders are not hidden .
use titanium backup , it'll fit your needs .
i can think of two reasons why a cm rom might reduce battery life : cpu governor : the cpu governor controls the frequency of the cpu depending on the requirement . your rom might be using a governor that favours performance over battery life . selecting a governor that achieves a good balance between performance and battery life might help you . you can learn more about cpu governors here battery calibration : the battery status is stored in a file called batterystats . bin . its possible that your phone is using the same batterystats . bin that came with the rom . you can use an application like battery calibration to regenerate this file with new/accurate stats . ( a myth according to this )
yes and no . as far as i am aware , a typical android install will not contain unzip . you can , however , install busybox for android , which provides the unzip utility . then a simple : adb shell unzip /sdcard/archive.zip  would do the trick . if you are rooted you can use a busybox installer from the market like stericson 's . if you are not rooted then you should be able to manually push a busybox binary ( one here on github , for example ; click " raw " to download it ) to somewhere like /data/local and then invoke it . it should be something like : alternatively , many file managers will unzip files for you . i personally use file expert but there are a lot of others . usually you just need to long press on the archive and it will present an " extract " option or similar .
yes , it is possible to install custom kernels on stock roms . the kernel developer will usually say which roms ( or types of roms ) the kernel supports . if you are not sure you can try reading the kernel thread , and there will always be poeple saying things like " working great on [ firmware version here ] " . this way you can also make sure that it will work ok on your version of the stock rom . as for your example , yes you can flash this on your stock rom : xda-developers
are you sure it really was one of your relatives sending this mail -- and not just a spammer using their address as sender ( as the url suggests ) ? i would for sure not install that , to me it looks like malware . ask that relative first if and why and what he sent . a google search revealed some related information : on xda one encountered something similar , and they assume it is rather malware bestappmarket informs this app was removed from google play ( hm , guess why ) . same information is found at androidinformer and here it comes : virustotal clearly lists it as malware , being detected as such by several malware scanners . conclusion : keep your fingers off ! do not install !
from the home screen hit the menu button , then choose settings > location and security and from there you should have an option to set up a patter or pin based screenlock . the pattern lock will give you the option to create your own pattern on the 3x3 grid : if you want to be able to draw a completely random pattern , cyanogenmod 6.2 has the option to draw any invisible gesture to unlock the screen .
according the google 's developer page here , google play is not required for admob to work . from the site : the google play services library supports even devices that do not have the google play store . to update such devices , download and bundle the latest google play services sdk ; then relaunch your apps to propagate updates to your users . devices that do have the google play store are automatically updated to the latest version . there is also an answer here which explains that google play services is not required to be able to have ads served to android devices . if google play services is not on the device , the version you compile with your app will fetch the ads instead .
it depends . usualy when you would pair a device to you car audio player , the player would only want the files on it . but that depends on the player and what type of connection it makes with it is paired devices . so basicaly i think you will have to try and see if it works .
android does not support a standby or hibernate mode .
try clearing the data and cache for the app ( Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage apllications ) and then syncing . hopefully it will work after that .
purchase a mouse which supports multitouch gestures ( using which you zoom in or out ) . e.g. padkite if you do not want to purchase anything , just go to dolphin 's Settings , tap Lab and turn on pinch-Zoom Button . then , you will find +/- clickable buttons to zoom in or out .
the answer is "android.clients.google.com" with port 5228 ( tcp ) .
ok , there has to be at least one other contact , then there are these " three dots " .
you can find out by issuing the command mount at a terminal prompt ( either via adb shell of using any terminal app ) . as i have no access to your sdcard , i cannot answer the question for sure ( i could only tell you about mine , where the relevant parameters are set as codepage=cp437,iocharset=iso8859-1,shortname=mixed,utf8 . so it is " latin-1" ( iso-8859-1 ) , which seems quite logical with a fat file system , and probably is also used in your case . full list of options :
if it starts to boot ( goes to the boot logo/animation ) or recovery/download mode at least tries to load , then the motherboard is not damaged . your device is soft-bricked , and just needs to have a compatible rom flashed , and your userdata erased for your device to be fully functional again . the person is the service centre does not know what hey is talking about ( i would not trust those people - they just want your money ) .
use data2sd instead of creating the symlink manually from the terminal . usually sd cards are formatted with fat32 , data2sd creates an ext2 embedded partition instead . . . more detailed explanation here .
there are a few options available , but the effective ones i came up with will require root access . and the second option may require an unlocked bootloader ( i am not sure if the note 2 can unlock its bootloader or not ) . even if you have the most recent version of android , google has not enabled multiple users for phones ; they figure people share tablets , but have their own phone . and there are some issues that come with multiple users on a phone . specific app profiles ( root required ) there are apps such as titanium backup that let you create profiles for apps , and it works on any version of android . you select the apps that you want to be multi-user . then you add a widget to your homescreen that lets you choose which user you want to switch to . titanium backup will then back up the data for the current user and restore the backup data for the user you select . if you are worried about one user getting text messages , you will either have to insert a different sim for each user ( and thus change the phone to a new number ) , or set up each person with a google voice number . then , have the google voice app be set up with multiple profiles . full nandroid backup/restore - most effective ( root required ) if you root it and install a custom recovery , such as clockworkmod ( cwm ) or twrp , it would be a very simple process . just do a full backup of the phone , then do a factory reset . give the phone to your mom , and she can set it up like her own phone . once she gives the phone back to you , do a full nandroid backup again in the recovery , then recover your own image . this will clear all her data ( except anything stored on the sd card , such as images and other files ) and restore your own . after you boot up the phone , it will be like she never touched it .
ok , when in bootloader - the binary app on windows/linux etc , fastboot should detect it fastboot devices , but in recovery , presumably that is a stock recovery for said devices , i.e. not cwm , twrp etc . so no adb running in the stock recovery , which is further implying , that boot loader is locked ! had it being unlocked , it would make things easier ! however , as am not familiar with the device , it might be worth your while to read this thread , ( but do not act on it either as by the sound of it , you are not fully certain yet ) . other than that , will leave it at that and wait until someone who is in the know with said device will respond . my answer is more generic .
the pdanet adb driver ( http://pdanet.co/a/ ) worked .
the samsung galaxy y is a low spec phone and most importantly this can be observed with its display . some common models in comparison ( by resolution , pixel per inch , screen size , price ) : galaxy y : 240x320 , 132 ppi , 3.0in , 110eur galaxy ace : 320x480 , 165 ppi , 3.5in , 190eur galaxy nexus : 720x1280 , 316 ppi , 4.65in , 410eur the text is blurry because there are much less pixels per inch to allow it to display text beautifully . you most probably can see individual pixels without a magnifying glass in comparison to " hd " displays like the galaxy nexus ' and such .
htc 's solution to this issue is to " press and hold the power button for at least 10 seconds , and then release it . htc one x will be shutdown and then boot again . " this is the only solution i would be able to see . if you require something more , then as a phone modder i would recommend you take apart the phone and manually disconnect the battery . this is rather risky unless you are confident in what you are doing . you may be able to refer to this page : http://htcpedia.com/news/htc-one-x-how-to-take-it-apart.html for a tutorial on how to disassemble the unibody of the htc one x . the last safe option you have is to simply wait a day or so ( since it is stuck on ) until the battery drains completely . from there of course charge it up again and continue with whatever software modding you were doing .
there are a couple of apps in the playstore which permit you to view/edit exif data : photo image editor - photoshop ( free ) says it can view , edit , or delete exif data same promised by photo editor exif editor and viewer ( paid ) promises to remove , modify , and add individual or multiple exif tags pixelgarde even states : edit exif metadata for several photos as a batch , or just individual photos there are probably many more , so i just picked two of the more promising examples .
if there is an app you like by that publisher , open the entry for the app in the market and select " view more applications " . or you can search by name : pub:"Google Inc." 
i am using trillian for android . as far as i know it is still in beta , but worked well for me so far . though i did't use it in any extreme situations yet . oh , and it does not handle calls yet . edit : it is out of beta . . . and now you have to pay for it . if you do not like that , or do not have the money ( or you can not buy apps from the market like me ) you should use something else .
if it happens when the phone is off it is gotta be a bad hardware connection . i am guessing on of the leads just barely makes contact or something . you may want to get a replacement .
http://www.android-x86.org/ this is the only android distribution for intel/amd processors that i am aware of . it has little support , but is actively maintained . the latest version is a release candidate for android 2.3 . obviously hardware support is hit and miss . for what it is worth it runs very well on my eee pc . you can install the iso to a usb drive with unetbootin , or use a drive imaging tool with the . img file .
i went to a cricket retailer ( not an official store ) for an unrelated issue with my new phone and , interestingly enough , they can , and will , flash the stock rom back onto my phone . so , problem solved and lesson learned !
depending on the setup , you may be able to bypass it . this is the case if it is the default google setup wizard . if it is not , then there may be no way to bypass it , and you will therefore have to follow it through . when you wipe the device , it will show again on next boot , so why do not you just follow the setup and then wipe it ? this way it will be as if it was never booted for the next person to turn it on .
in settings , goto applications > internet > clear defaults . next time you perform a search it should ask you which you would like to use and simply select dolphin .
i find moving the cursor to a particular place in some text far more accurate using the trackball than trying to select it by prodding the touchscreen . i would say that there might not be a specific use case which can not be accomplished using only the touchscreen but that there are certainly tasks for which using the trackball is easier . it is all probably quite subjective though , and depends on user preference .
/storage/sdcard/android is probably where all the data is . you can manually delete files out of there , but i would recommend using the application sd card maid . i say that just because it has a lot of functions to clean up data from apps that are no longer installed .
as usual : try with tasker . tasker can react on " network near " ( check for wifi ssid ) , you also can check signal levels and react depending on that . this way you could not even check whether a certain wifi network is in reach , but also how strong its signal is -- which might prove helpful e.g. in an office building with multiple wifi networks to determine which room you are in .
restarting your phone should resolve the issue .
it was released , but only in china : in may 2010 , the company launched its 2,899-yuan lephone , which china unicom sold 145,000 units after hitting the market , to compete with apple 's 4,999-yuan iphone4 .
you can try unrevoked if you have the right htc phone . i have not tried it , but people say it does not wipe the phone . the other one you can try is superoneclick which also roots the phone without wiping i believe .
in the messaging app , access menu > settings > text message limit and set it to a higher number you like . hope this helps .
as far as android is concerned , they are the same app , and hangouts is just a new update for talk which happens to change the user-facing name . ( apps also have a package name , which is how android decides if they are the same app . ) it works like any other update : it completely replaces the old version in your phone 's internal storage . like any other update , once you have updated , you can not go back to the version you had before . but in this case , talk is an app that is built into your rom ( assuming you are not on a custom rom : if you do not know , you are not ) . like any other app from the rom , you can uninstall all updates and go back to the original version . to do this , go to the settings app , go to the apps page , find hangouts in the list of apps , and click uninstall updates . this will not restore the version you had before the update : it'll go back to the original version that was on the phone last time you did a system update . ( if you have never done a system update , that is the version that was on the phone when you took it out of the box . ) there is no guarantee that such an old version will continue to work .
the chrome to phone extension is what you will be wanting . to get chrome to phone , install the chrome to phone extension in your google chrome browser and the android app on your phone , and you’re ready to go . chrome to phone extension adds a button to your google chrome browser that instantly sends the current youtube video , web page , map , or selected phone number or text to your android device running froyo ( or android 2.2 ) or up . for firefox users , there is a compatible firefox addon foxtophone , which sends urls etc . from firefox on the desktop . it still needs the same app installed on the phone .
have a look at this application book catalogue
this has basically been answered in the comments above but i will wrap it all up into an answer : no , you can not play songs that have apple 's fairplay drm protection on your android phone without removing the drm protection ( which technically violates apple 's toc ) . as edarerathis pointed out , songbird does not actually support fairplay drm'd media , quicktime does , so songbird ( like realplayer ) uses quicktime to decode the songs and play them . it wont work without quicktime installed and so you can not use this functionality in linux or android .
this is not an android problem at all . you can simply run the commands from flash-all . sh by hand , changing each one to name fastboot by its full path , or you can set the $PATH in your shell . PATH="$PATH:/Applications/Android Developer Tools/sdk/platform-tools/" ./flash-all.sh  you should also check that the fastboot executable is executable . this probably will not be the case if you have extracted the files onto a non-ext partition . the following output is a correct example : note the x in the fourth column , and that the files are owned by the user i am running as .
the best way to use two different languages either on a smartphone or on a tablet is from device standard settings , with device keyboard and also with external usb and bluetooth keyboard . to use more than one language follow the images : [ i can not post images yet ] General Settings -&gt; Language and input -&gt; Option of Samsung keyboard -&gt; Input languages  here you can chose between many languages . so you have setted correctly . now to use one or the other language when you write is very easy , you have to slide with finger on the spacebar of the device keyboard .
sms backup+ will backup ( and can restore too ) your sms messages to your gmail account ( you have to enable imap in gmail ) the nice thing about it , it does it automatically . it can also backup your call log too email too .
try this friendcaster for facebook app . this has a feature to upload multiple pictures from gallery .
enter the main device settings , and from the my device page , choose lock screen . click on the screen lock item to see the list of screen lock methods , and change it to whichever type you like ( perhaps swipe or none ) . you will have to enter the existing password ( or pin ) to make the change . if you are using your phone to connect to a corporate exchange server , or similar , then a security policy on the device might force you to have a password ( or possibly a pin , depending on the policy ) . in that case , you will have to speak to your network administrator to get the policy removed before you can remove the password .
no , for security reasons it is not possible to access android log files on the nexus 7 ( or any other device running jelly bean or higher ) without root access . google changed that with jelly bean . i would suggest you wait until logcat readers like alogcat and such get fixed ( i.e. . they will require root access to show all logs then ) . from aisec-tr-2012-001-android-os-security . pdf - 3.3 android permission model : the read_logs permission can substitute the following on many devices , depending on the android version and thus the standard apps’ versions installed : read_contacts get_tasks – every started activity is listed in the system’s logs read_history_bookmarks – opening new web pages is a browser activity and thus logged read_sms all solutions below require root access : you need to either run logcat as root in a shell or manually grant it via the shell pm command ( root required ) works also ( see xda , exchange org . jtb . alogcat . donate with the app 's pkg name ) : pm grant org.jtb.alogcat.donate android.permission.READ_LOGS this is for the lazy ones and not suggested : if you are desperate , careless and lazy , you can fix it by giving every app the read_logs permission by applying this ugly and insecure hack ( chainfire via twitter ) : chmod 04755 /system/bin/logcat to quote cyanogenmod developer koushik dutta 's g+ post : did the android log permissions/behavior change in jellybean ? it seems that if an application runs " logcat " now , it can see only the log entries created by its uid . log lines from other uids are not shown . basically , it seems to be filtered now . i have the same permissions as usual . also confirmed the same thing is happening in other log collector apps .
assuming you are using the default samsung touchwiz launcher : open the app drawer ( applications ) press menu , select view type -> customizable grid press menu , choose edit drag off the messaging icon , and drag on handcent . i have replaced it with gmail , myself .
i have a samsung galaxy s4 , but you should have something similar to this : System settings &gt; Connections &gt; More Networks &gt; Tethering and portable hotspot &gt; Portable Wi-Fi hotspot .
after giving thought to what geffchang said above , i came across with the app skitch which can be used to highlight webpages as you wish . added advantage for this app is you can directly synchronize your work with evernote , a widely used note-taking app .
what you are looking for is usually known as a ' receipt printer ' . a quick google for ' bluetooth receipt printer ' turns up a number of models from a variety of manufacturers ( quite a few of them are actually battery powered and portable - like you see at car rental places ) . the big problem here is that android does not really have any concept of local printing , so i think you are going to have to implement it yourself . android does have bluetooth communications apis ( docs ) , and i would be surprised if the printer manufacturers have not heard all this before , and have at least clues how to proceed ( after all , they like to sell printers ! ) . if you will be buying a significant number of printers , i bet they will happily help you talk to their devices . if that is too expensive for you ( and those printers look a bit pricey ) , then you could try usb . again , you can find usb receipt printers , which again you will have to learn to talk to . android does have a set of usb apis ( docs ) . on the plus side , my quick google for ' usb receipt printer ' turned up some sub-$75 choices right away , so this might be a good approach if you are price sensitive . i would also be willing to bet that at least some of the usb printers are actually serial devices with something like an ftdi chip bolted up to them . that means that talking to them is probably not very difficult . alternately , if you can find a cheap receipt printer that is serial or something , you could look at the ioio boards and software stack as a way to interface your android tablet to some funky printer . these are boards that adhere to the relevant android apis + software that makes them easy to talk to . the boards are available commercially , and the schematics are available , if you want to build your own , and they are designed to make hardware interfacing easy .
are you sure that this is camera ? it is more likely a light/proximity sensor . . .
so this turned out to be a pretty easy fix , once it dawned on me what it was . i just recently installed the xposed framework , and the xprivacy module . when i uninstalled the old hangouts , it must have deleted all the old permission settings in xprivacy , and then when i reinstalled it , it defaulted to maximum restriction . with access to the phone accounts restricted , hangouts was not able to see my google accounts . the fix was as simple as fixing the permission settings for hangouts in the xprivacy module .
osmand is an offline navigation app and should support geo intents since 2011 . it has a fully functional free version and a reasonably priced paid version in the play store . it is foss also , so you could ask for the functionality to be improved or you could send a patch yourself if needed . there is also nightly builds available on the project 's site .
setup the phone as a modem . still most android phones can be setup as a wifi hotspot . following urls may help you http://benchmarkreviews.com/index.php?option=com_contenttask=viewid=658itemid=38 http://blogs.computerworld.com/smartphones/20726/android-wifi-hotspot
the exact location of the contacts database might depend on your manufacturer 's " customization " . while " plain vanilla android " has them in /data/data/android.providers.contacts/databases , the stock rom on my motorola milestone 2 e.g. uses /data/data/com.motorola.blur.providers.contacts/databases/contacts2.db instead . a raw mask to check for is /data/data/*.providers.contacts/databases/*.db . the file is in sqlite3 format , and can be browsed on your pc with e.g. sqliteman , which is available for linux , mac , and windows alike . with this application you can browse the database in a graphical mode . of course you also can use the command line sqlite3 client if you prefer . crucial point to directly access this database is that your device must be rooted -- a precondition you already meet , as your question states . so you can either use a file manager to navigate to the database file , and copy it to your computer for investigation -- or directly pull it to your computer via adb pull . a third option would be to investigate it directly on your device , e.g. using the sqlite manager or asqlitemanager app .
in case you cannot find a device-specific driver , it is worth trying the universal adb driver . it should work with most devices , so i would even say this is the first one to try -- especially when having multiple devices , as this gets you rid of the need for multiple drivers .
usually your apps are downloaded using your browser . for accessing them you open your browser , press menu > more > downloads .
your contacts are automatically backed up to the google account you set up your phone with . so long as you have the " contacts " sync setting on , any changes you have made to your contacts should be mirrored in your gmail contacts online . after you wipe your phone , if you use the same account to set it up again the contacts will automatically download on the first sync . you can verify that your contacts are backed up by going online to gmail , clicking on " contacts " , and checking them against your phone 's address book .
firefox also requires an armv7 processor . the htc dream/g1 is officially unsupported because its processor is armv6 . see the supported/unsupported device list on the mozilla wiki : these devices have armv6 processors and are not compatible with firefox for android : . . . htc dream ( t-mobile g1 , android dev phone 1 ) . . .
as long as your phone is rooted , you can use the excellent button remapper app by appelflap as a convenient workaround . what the app will let you do is remap the camera button to work as the power button . after installing the app , find the entry for " ( camera ) " and set its action to " power " and its state to " wake_dropped " . ( wake tells the key to register even when the screen is off ; wake_dropped does the same but drops the key before it is sent to the running application . ) optionally , remap the " ( power ) " button to something innocuous like " home " and set its state to " none " — that way , in case the real power button becomes active in a jammed state , the button input should not mess up anything you are trying to do on the phone . after you are satisfied with your changes , click " apply " to reboot the phone for the changes to take effect . in case you messed up , there will be a notification from button remapper in the status bar , which will let you reset any changes you have made . note that even when using button remapper to remap the hardware buttons , the remapping will not take effect when the phone is off ( or you are booted into recovery mode ) . if your power button does not work , you will still have to use a workaround like plugging your phone into a charger in order to get the phone to power on from a shutdown state . seeing as how the power button design on the motorola droid appears to be partially defective ( i know of at least a handful of droid owners who have had the power button fail ) , on my replacement droid i made the point of remapping the camera button pre-emptively , in an attempt to minimize wear and tear on the power button . it is something to consider .
since rooting changes the system image , the ota update will not apply . you need to download the rom ( e . g . from sammobile.com ) and flash it by hand ( using kies ) .
the issue turned out to be with the charging cable . asus quickly swapped it over with a longer cable too .
i know ow hard it it to find the right camera and software combinations for cameras . i have written a few proprietary java applications for just such a thing . i have found that ipcamviewer is a okay app for looks but man that guy has added support for just about every camera known to man ! it is a really good app in that sense but lacks a professional feel to it . but i would stick with that app as he continually updates it and if you have a problem and email him he usually addresses it in the next iteration . one of the better companies for streaming video is axis their video encoding solutions is one of the more configurable options . each encoder runs a webserver and if you know a little linux you can get on the server and reprogram web pages and even the java serving up the images . they also have solutions for standard cameras . so depending on cameras you may have to buy a special camera and take the output to an axis video encoder and stream it to your phone . i have done this with some really special cameras like flir ir camera ( cost is around $80k ) , and sony and hitachi low light cameras . there are some really good network cameras too , like sony 's hd camera and the multiple ones that axis has .
titanium backup works fine with link2sd . i have been using them together for about six months , with around 100 apps symlinked . there is no reason taking a backup would uninstall linked apps as wolfgang reports , and i have also had zero issues restoring backups of linked apps , so it is clear that titanium follows the symlinks correctly . in fact , i have just finished restoring all my apps from titanium after flashing a rom . the only caveat is that when you restore in titanium , link2sd will not automatically link apps as they are restored , even if you set it up before restoring the rest of your apps . this is annoying , because it means you have to be conscious of your available internal memory and only restore in batches that will fit in your free space , then link the apps and do another batch . other than that , they work very smoothly alongside each other .
adding extensions will solve this type of requirements . but chrome for android does not support any extensions yet . look https://developers.google.com/chrome/mobile/docs/faq or else you can use dolphin browser to achieve this . it supports extensions . if you are willing to use dolphin browser instead of chrome , use this auto reload extension . you can set time intervals in it .
it is possible to create a personal layer in google maps and have it show up in the maps app . you can create a pin , and label it . however , you will only see pins on the app . but once you click on the pin , you will see your custom text . google maps site . log-in to google maps in desktop mode ( a pc maybe ? ) . at the top left beside the Get directions button , click the My Places button . then , click the red Create Map button . give your map a title , add some pins ( and custom text ) on it , then click the Done button . google maps app . if the app is open , close it and open it again . once open , click the Layers button at the bottom right . click My Maps and your list of custom maps will show up , together with the pins you put up . see if that is a suitable workaround . update : the My Maps option of google maps has been discontinued . as of 12th december 2013 , a new app , the google maps engine android app has features similar to My Maps option that allows you to create maps from the google maps engine site . this app lets you see it the created maps and layers .
can you uninstall the application ? or is it one of those pre-installed apps ? if it is preinstalled , you will have to get root access to remove it completely , see here . however , removing it can potentially cause a brick if you factory reset your phone . edit : it looks like there are no easy ways to disable this app . you have two choices : factory wipe . during setup process , do not enable the backup assistant . do some trickery using this method mentioned in this post ( quoted below ) . it does not require a factory wipe . 1 ) be sure to have all your contacts backed up to your gmail account . check online before proceeding to step 2 . 2 ) log into your my verizon account . go to the contacts tab , sort by list view and select all contacts . delete the entire list . there is a deleted contacts tab as well . select that and delete anything that is in there . 3 ) go into your incredible settings tab , select applications , manage applications . do not sort or filter , allow list to populate . select sync service , ( icon resembles backup assistant icon ) select clear data . 4 ) also in manage applications scroll down to backup assistant , select clear data . this should do it . 5 ) to verify backup assistant is now disabled , select settings , accounts and sync , then under manage accounts , select backup assistant . you should be looking at a license agreement screen .
well , the problem seemed to have gone away on its own after a few more synchronizations , so i guess the solution is to just wait a bit .
resolution easytether light ( no root ) is the best tethering software i have been able to find on the play store ; however , it blocks udp ports and secure protocols . updating to easytether full ( cost : 9.99 usd ) resolved the issues on all of the above-listed sites and services . it was very bothersome to go through all this and e-mail the developer , only to get a kind of boggled response from him . their faq does not mention this , and the message in the app was covered up by the " warning , do not scratch the camera " message i had written on my screen guard , up until yesterday ; so , i simply did not notice . i hope the developer will upgrade the app to include some kind of pop-up message indicating that this is the cause of the issue , or at least add the issue to the faq . thanks for all the comments and wonderful help !
this is a known bug , and it is not entirely clear if it is the sms application or android 's sms implementation itself . you can see the ticket here , which was closed on jan 29 , 2011 . the fix has been slow getting out to phones other than the nexus line because carriers have not released updates that include it . one option in the meantime would be to try an alternative sms app , such as handcent or chompsms . however , though many people say that it does help , others have reported that the bug still persists on 3rd party apps . there is also a reportedly related bug that causes outgoing messages to be sent to the wrong recipient . the " opening the wrong thread " bug was closed as a duplicate of the " wrong recipient " bug , as the fix for the latter apparently applied to the former ( according to google ) .
you can just save the numbers in international form . for example , bob 's would be +1-123-555-1234 and alice 's +52-33-33-12-34-56 .
there is an application which does it pretty well . check out at https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.argotronic.touchblocker
after searching for a long time and trying a lot , i found a solution : resolution unplug the usb cable on the cell phone , dial the number *#7284# . once the last # is hit , the phoneutil application is launched . choose usb -> modem and then usb -> pda mode . the good mode should be pda . even if the mode is pda , switch to modem and then back to pda . also choose uart -> pda and then uart -> modem mode . the good mode should be modem for uart . even if the mode is modem , switch to pda and then back to modem ( uart ) . plug in the usb cable . note : this is not only for samsung galaxy 3 - android phone , but it is also used to repair the usb connection for any samsung android phone .
simple answer : no . long answer : no , as these app use a native binary installed onto the system to reroute data through the proxy . this is done at kernel level ( actually it is done using the terminal commands , but it is done at kernel level ) , because of this root access is needed . there are 0 apps that allow you to use a proxy without rooting first . android 4 . x natively supports proxies however .
a true octa-core is basically a processor either with homogenous or heterogeneous multiprocessing architecture . the processor in the galaxy s4 ( exynos 5410 ) for example ( intl . edition ) has 8 cores based on the arm big . little architecture wherein 4 cores are slower with low-power and 4 are faster with relatively higher power consumption . under this scheme two possibilities are there : only homogenous multiprocessing , for example in galaxy s4 . this allows only 4 cores to run at a time out of a total of 8 . the processor can control which 4 run but all 8 cannot be utilized together . heterogeneous multiprocessing , for example in galaxy s5 . this allows all the 8 cores i.e. the low power as well as high power cores to run together effectively increasing the maximum achievable performance of the soc . mediatek 's processor is also based on homogenous multiprocessing but has 8 homogenous cores instead of 4+4 different ones . this allows these cores to operate in coalition with each other without the heterogeneous architecture . as far as fast or slow goes it depends on the flops which the processor can achieve . in this case , mediatek 's processor usually has a slower clock speed than qualcomm 's processor and a different architecture as well . thus it is impossible to make a direct comparison of two processor without either a benchmarking software or a datasheet , but in general qualcomm 's latest top of the line processors are better than mediatek 's and this is despite additional cores . one more reason which exists for this performance parity is that not all applications are built to utilize multiple cores i.e. parallel processing . if you want more information regarding the same , consider reading this wiki article on amdahl 's law .
the motorola update software will recognize the correct origin , so you could always try to get the official froyo upgrade . click around on this page to get instructions : http://www.motorola.com/staticfiles/support/gb-en/froyo/milestonenotification.htm
it seems that the code is specific for samsung devices . therefore , if your device is made by another manufacturer , it does not work ( if the manufacturer has not added it specifically ) .
there is an alternative launcher that purports to give the look-and-feel of windows phone 7 . i can not imagine it is more than " skin-deep " , however . some information ( and a video ) here : http://phandroid.com/2010/12/09/turn-your-android-phone-into-a-windows-phone-7-with-this-metro-ui-launcher/
quick look around shows that the alarm function is most definitely part of the clock app .
check out locale . it is not the cheapest app , but it is very well made and will allow you to do this . it switches to profiles automatically based on certain conditions too . for example , when it detects that you are at home it can automatically switch to your bluetooth/wi-fi profile and turn off the mobile network .
i guess this is by design as the majority of users do not have 4 accounts on their phone . the whole idea of those messages is to give the user the opportunity to download a new version as soon as it comes out . you may not want to use your mobile data when you do not want it to . maybe the update automatically tickbox would bypass this message , however it will probably still say that 3 updates have been applied . so what you maybe looking for is silent updates stackexchange-url looks like you can do it with a rooted phone . i too think that google can handle multiple accounts in a more intuitive ways across their products . since its out of our control to improve these closed source apps ourselves i will say its better than it used to be . i think the best solution for google would be to combine these messages into one notification ie "5 apps have been updated " . make some noise on the google support pages to improve this ux , this may be a good start http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/google+mobile/label?lid=551c5c4cca827a18hl=en
i9000 does not have an official rom , so i am assuming you are using a custom rom like cm10 . stock players from touchwiz are rarely availble , and for the most part do not work flawlessly on aosp based roms . try winamp and mplayer as alternatives , they work on any roms so you can move freely between roms too .
i found the answer here - it is a matter of adding qemu.hw.mainkeys=1  to /system/build.prop ( root required ) .
there is a faq from when ubuntu announced it was working on ubuntu based tablets . there , they state : the only way to get an ubuntu tablet is to buy a tablet built and supplied with ubuntu by an oem partner of canonical so i would say that ubuntu is not , and will not , be capable of running on any existing android tablet . full faq can be found at media faq for press pack : tablet .
is your sd card formatted as fat32 ? if so , that is why - it is a fat32 limitation .
the new update has made the size bigger .
i have solved my own problem . those search paths are all messed up ! i checked the installation path and it is installed in c:\program files ( x86 ) \android even thou i do have a 64-bit version of windows . but nevertheless , this is the default installation location . so i updated the path variable with following line . C:\Program Files (x86)\Android\android-sdk\tools\;C:\Program Files (x86)\Android\android-sdk\platform-tools\ and now i can start adb server from cmd regardless of where the prompt is at . i have no clue why they are referring to appdata\local\ folder in the guide for the 64-bit systems . that makes no sense at all . if anywhere , the installation location should be in " program files " folder for a 64-bit system . they actually put this in for the 32-bit systems . . . like i said , it is all messed up . i should point out that adb.exe has been moved from C:\Program Files (x86)\Android\android-sdk\tools\ to the new location C:\Program Files (x86)\Android\android-sdk\platform-tools\ . this has been done in later versions of android sdk . so if you are reading this in year 2013 then you can probably just get the latest sdk and use only this last search path . you do not need them both . at least not for adb and fastboot . if you are a developer then you maybe need to access tools from both directories , although if you are a dev then you probably will not need to read this at all . how to edit a system variable here 's a short how-to for the newbies . what you need is the environment variables dialog . click start ( orb ) menu button . right click on computer icon . click on properties . this will bring up system window in control panel . click on advanced system settings on the left . this will bring up the system properties window with advanced tab selected . click on environment variables button on the bottom of the dialog . this brings up the environment variables dialog . in the system variables section , scroll down till you see path . click on path to select it , then the edit button . this will bring up the edit system variable dialog . while the variable value field is selected , press the end key on your keyboard to go to the right end of the line , or use the arrow keys to move the marker to the end . type in ;C:\Program Files (x86)\Android\android-sdk\tools\;C:\Program Files (x86)\Android\android-sdk\platform-tools\ and click ok . click ok again , then ok once more to save and exit out of the dialogs . that is it ! you can now start any android sdk tool , e.g. adb or fastboot , regardless of what your current directory is in cmd . for good measure here 's what the dialog looks like . this is where you edit the path variable .
i think adw launcher has a setting that should keep the application in memory . also , cm has a setting to force the os to keep the launcher in memory . i dont remember where it is at in cm6 , but in cm7 it is in Settings -> CyanogenMod Settings -> Performance and it is called " lock home in memory " . i do not remember if it was in the same place or if it was called the same in cm6 .
does the phone begin discharging at 40% ? does it indicate that it is still charging , but the charge never exceeds 40% ? i have had charging issues with my motorol droid v1 . what i have come to understand is that the power delivered by the car adapter is less than the power drawn by the phone when the gps is on . i would suspect that a couple of factors might be in play here : connectivity problems if the connection between the charging cable and the phone might be poor , perhaps due to poor connector seating or swelling due to heat . it could be that , after charging for a period of time the phone heats up and expands to the point that the connection is lost . the phone stops charging , cools , and the connection is made again . phone behavior at or above 40% charge do you have tasker or some other automation tool running that has rules about which features / services to run at a particular charge level ? if so , you could be seeing that the services cause the phone to draw power at the same rate that it is charged , preventing further charging . these are really just guesses . if you have one , i would try hooking up a 3rd party charger that is rated for the same power output . if the phone charges completely this way , even though it is not a moto branded charger , it is a pretty good bet that your htc chargers just are not cutting the mustard with your moto phone .
the only things i know of are turning off images , javascript and plugins . you probably do not want to do all that but setting plugins to " on demand " is quite useful -- pages with flash ads and such will not waste your data or battery in addition to demanding less from your phone , and it is just one click to allow a particular object to run if you want to watch an embedded video or something .
it has to do with the site having an icon for " apple-touch " defined in the page . for example o globe has the following : &lt;link rel="apple-touch-icon" href="favicon.png" /&gt;  and it works . there are differences in how other versions of android handle this . here is an article explaining some how this works a bit . there could also be a " catch 22" to this though , as i see that the mobile twitter site does have the apple-touch-icon-precomposed but does not seem to show the icon . this could be because of something motorola did differently in their modified version of android , or it could just be a bug . if the site does not define the icon , then you can use a tool like any cut to change the icon .
as a solution to #2 , geotag security is a program you could use . it ( should ) run in xp , so you would have to copy your pictures to your computer first , or hook your sd up via usb , but it should do the trick ! here 's the site where i found it , the above is a direct link to their site .
from a google search for " mms creation mode " i found this ( among others ) which says : • mms creation mode — select restricted to have your device prevent you from including content in multimedia messages that may not be supported by the network or the receiving device . to receive warnings about including such content , select guided . to create a multimedia message with no restrictions on attachment type , select free . if you select restricted , creating multimedia presentations is not possible .
android uses a so-called media scanner to index your media files ( this also applies to your images and videos ) . this media scanner ships with the system , and fires automatically on certain system events -- such as after boot , or when you insert your sd-card . it does , however , not react on a simple " file-drop " via network . for such cases , it might need a little help to get to know it has to act : rescan media rescan sd card ! are two free example apps from the playstore which do exactly that : trigger the media scanner . once the media scanner has indexed your new files , they will immediately show up in the corresponding apps such as the gallery ( for images/videos ) or your music player .
private means you can not back it up . the developer decided that . some apps ignore it fileexpert &lt ; - my favourite estrongs file explorer not a file manager , but also titanium backup
you can try to reboot / remove battery . maybe resetting to factory settings will help . in addition , if everything else fails , you could try following ( read somewhere about it ) : turn it off and then back on ( the one asking you about using wifi to localize you faster ) the bluetooth and wifi are both 802.11 standards , therefore they are controlled by the same chip
two pieces of ground i want to cover here : /cache is typically a separate partition on your device , which would not be mountable by a pc via usb , which is why that is not working . the usb connection generally accesses a directory named " sdcard " ( or similar ) which is used as an external storage device , although this storage area does not have to be physically external to the device ( it may just be a partition named /sdcard rather than a physical card ) . if the ota is in /cache then you should be able to find it with a file explorer or shell on your device . once you have found it , you could simply move the file from /cache to your external storage and then copy it over usb . you will need root in order to access /cache , though . there are a number of file explorers that support root access , but i personally use es file explorer .
as long as you reflash both the boot partition and the system partition it will take you back to a stock version of android . the kernel is packed in the boot image , so that will overwrite a custom one , but a system image alone will not . you could also choose to flash back to a stock recovery , but that has no real bearing on the android system itself and custom recoveries are much more robust , so i would personally not recommend reflashing recovery .
if you try to leave a review again from the same account , does it let you ? does it show the previous review , or act like nothing has been input before ? reviews should not age off ( unless they are removed for profanity or other reasons ) , but some developers have noted that ratings suddenly disappeared from their app . maybe it was a one-time bug .
here is the useragent from chrome beta on my transformer prime mozilla/5.0 ( linux ; u ; android 4.0.3 ; en-us ; transformer prime tf201 build/iml74k ) applewebkit/535.7 ( khtml , like gecko ) crmo/16.0.912.75 safari/535.7
yes . cpu is not the only thing using power but definitely a major one ( when not idling ) . most android devices have a ' battery ' section in settings which lists what applications are using up your battery . i think it gets reset every time you plug in a recharger . there might be 3rd party apps which collect that information over longer term and display it moer pretty .
only the main user ( owner ) has access to Developer Options . related question : stackexchange-url
from the picture it would appear you are correct . note #2 , however . the baseband is the modem firmware .
you can use adb for this : adb backup -noapk -noshared -f gmail.ab com.google.android.gm  would backup all data of the gmail app to your pc , storing it in a file named gmail.ab in the current working directory . a restore of that snapshot then is as easy as running adb restore gmail.ab  note that this will include all the settings of the gmail app . if you prefer doing the same via an app on your device , take a look at helium backup . without root , it is not possible to access the corresponding folder on your device directly ( which would be found below /data/data/com.google.android.gm and be owned by the gmail app , which forbids access for other apps/users , including the shell user ) .
i think they changed the name of the stock clock app during one of the android os upgrades . in 2.1 i think it was called " desk clock " . in 2.2 it is just called " clock " .
no , it should not have any effect on your settings or apps . the faq from the project voodoo site notes : will i lose any settings or app ? none . but some sort of backup is recommended of course .
Settings | About phone | System updates it should let you know that there is an update available . if you still have the update . zip file on your sd card , these instructions should do it : http://geekword.net/manually-install-froyo-htc-desire step 1: download the android 2.2 firmware for the desire from here . step 2: rename the file update . zip and copy it to your microsd card via usb . [ note : make sure the file is named update . zip and not update . zip . zip . ] step 3: power down your desire . step 4: hold down the “volume down” button as you power the phone back on . step 5: a screen should appear showing your phone’s system searching for various files . scroll down to “recovery” and press the “power” button . step 6: when you see the triangle with an exclamation point symbol , press the “power” and “volume up” buttons at the same time . step 7: from the menu that appears , select “apply sdcard:update . zip . ” step 8: when the screen displays “install from sdcard complete” select “reboot system now” and wait for the phone to power back up .
in my phone ( moto g running 4.4.4 ) this symbol appears when the phone is set to use " high accuracy mode " ( i.e. . use the gps rather than wi-fi/phone network for location ) and some app requests the location .
this does sound like a network ( carrier ) issue , however , do you have any applications that intercept text messages ? if so , uninstall it , and see if that helps . edit : i just got this issue on an ics rom . what i think it could be - your network holds the text , and tries to send it if your phone is turned off , or has no signal . it then tries to send them . after it has sent , the network does not actually realise it , and sends it again .
install screen lock bypass ( free ) from web interface of play store . it'll not reset/remove your pin , but unlock your device on each reboot . if you want to permanently reset/remove pin , you will have to purchase its pro version . in the last , you can always factory reset your device if these apps are not working for you . factory reset wipes out all custom configurations including pin/security lock .
look in /system/media/audio/ringtones . the notifications folder one level up contains the notification tones .
this is an option in most launchers , but i think it is not available in the stock launcher . i would recommend switching to launcher pro , there it is enabled by default and can be toggled from Preferences -&gt; Homescreen settings -&gt; Homescreen looping .
there is 2 slightly different solutions . log onto your corporate mail account using outlook web access . go to the account settings , i.e. the options link . under that , select phone , and delete your phone profile from there . now delete and recreate the exchange account on your phone , and this time do not choose to sync contacts . exchange has a corporate addressbook or directory , and a local addressbook for your own personal contacts . get rid of the locally saved contacts in your exchange addressbook , so that on the next sync they will similarly be culled from the phone . you can always look them up in the corporate directory , and android can also perform a lookup against the directory for contacts that are not stored locally . this of course assumes that you do not actually need so many contacts on hand in your local addressbook , or that these are all company contacts and not external business contacts .
i finally succeeded ! ! ( youhou ! ! you can not believe how proud i am ! ) first of all , i want to indicate that links on xda ( those that goes in multiupload.com, that redirect to lnx . lu ) , sucks ! i can not believe it . you have to download a " download manager " , with so many related ads and apps you must install . it is a shame . ( i am very angry agains't them ( lnx . lu ) for wasting my time just because they are greedy ) . now , the real answer ! you need to downgrade your hboot version before running the ruu rom , for that , it is quite easy : first , you choose your rom on that page , and notice the rom version then , you go here ( if the link is down , you can download the source code here ! ) and define the cid and the rom version . for the cid , if you do not know it , just set to 11111111 or htc__022 . if you want to try something more precise , you can try the one related to your carrier from this link . keep the download file to a specific directory ( for this case , it will be /tmp/mtd0.img ) . now you need the flash_image tool , if you can not find one , here 's a link . download it to /tmp/flash_image now some command line . for that , you will need the android sdk and a correct usb driver ( adb should return a device when connected , with debug on ) . do these commands : once the phone is on ruu mode ( showing a grey htc logo ) , run the . exe rom you downloaded previously , wait for it to finish , and voilà ! you are done ! : ) here 's the doc i followed for the commands .
doubletwist with airsync will do this , as long as they are connected to the same wifi network and looking at the same location . for bulk file transfers , most file explorers ( like es file explorer ) allow you to browse devices from other devices on the same network .
i fixed the problem by switching cables . i am not sure why it displayed " charging " in android , or how it actually managed to charge about 10% in 6 hours , but it seems to have worked now that i am gaining about 10% every 5 to 10 minutes like normal .
as eldarerathis already pointed out in his comment on your question : if the app is already installed , and the certificate matches , you will be prompted whether you want to replace it . if the certificates differ , there is a conflict : the app cannot be updated due to the mismatch , and it cannot be installed along as the package name is already in use ( apps use an internal package name , which e.g. is shown in the url on its google play store webpage ) . if the package is corrupted , you again get another specific error ( telling you it is corrupted ) . so most probably , the .apk you try to install manually has been tampered with . if it was not you doing so , i would refrain from using it . if it was you , and you know what you are doing -- or you know the source to be trustworthy ( e . g . the developer of the app provided you with an unsigned testing version ) , you have to first uninstall the original app before installing the " tainted " .apk .
no . you should request the app developer to do so . on unix like systems , permissions are managed with something called uids . every process has one and it dictates what they can access . moreover , there are also groups that have permission that their members can use . when an app has permissions like Write to SD card they are put into a group that has this permission . the root permissions are an exception since they are not declared in the app 's manifest , but rather in its code . root is also not a group but a separate uid ( as it is a separate user ) so it is not that easy for an app to use it . apps that have root rights need to be explicitly written to do so . the way this works is every time an app wants to do something as root , it has to request the su binary to do it instead . su will then ask the app that manages these permissions ( e . g . , supersu ) whether the app is allowed to gain root access . if it is not , it'll prompt you to allow or deny it . then the action is carried out as root , not as the app user . these actions are not an integral part of the app but rather an external executable . while theoretically it is possible to add this to an app , this would be a non-trivial process requiring knowledge of writing smali code , which is the internal format of the dalvik virtual machine ( the part of the system that runs the apk file ) called smali . and even then , there would be a huge security risk if the app allows other apps to access it : it would not know how to keep the privileged root access separate from its normal access . so in reality this is not really feasible .
normally , the mediascanner should pick them up from any place , add them to the library , and your player should find them . that works smoothly and immediately if you use the means the designers had in mind ( connect your device via mtp , transfer the files , disconnect – the mediascanner will start immediately ) . but as you use a different way ( we are bad doing so – i am doing it as well ; ) , mediascanner is not triggered immediately . so you either have to wait until it decides to run – or trigger it manually : it runs on every device boot , so a reboot triggers it it runs whenever the sdcard is mounted . so if your device has an external sdcard , going to settings → storage , and un-mounting plus re-mounting the card will trigger it as both above solutions are not really satisfying : there are several apps on play which let you trigger it manually , by just tapping their shortcut . one candidate still working with kitkat is sd scanner . see also my answers here and here . alternatively , you could try a music player that does not rely on the mediascanner . one example for those would be the gonemad music player : here you can define yourself which directories you want scanned , and can trigger a scan yourself from inside the app whenever needed . those rescans are blazingly fast , as they only scan directories you have defined – instead of checking everywhere on the device .
for your sms : check if the notifications in " messaging " is turned off . maybe you , someone or an app turned it off ( untrusted app ) . turn on the app and make sure the " show notifications " is checked . go to : settings -> more -> application manager -> all -> messaging you can do the same process for emails and voice messages . now , make sure all the services are on for emails and voice messages . go to : settings -> more -> application manager -> turned off check if any emails or voice services are off . if these are off ( you prob have rooted your phone ) then you should be able to turn them back on . you might need to reboot for these .
what timezone are you in ? it sounds like when you back them up , it is saving them in a different timezone ( maybe utc ) . to answer your other questions : yes , sqlite is used for the messages /data/data/com.android.providers.telephony/databases/mmssms.db same way as sms messages : /data/data/com.android.providers.telephony/databases/mmssms.db you can use adb from the android sdk and copy it to your pc by doing : c:/android-sdk/tools/&gt; adb pull /data/data/com.android.providers.telephony/databases/mmssms.db c:/users/my-account/desktop/mmssms.db yes , you will have to root your phone to get access to that directory . maybe check out sms backup + in the android market . it will backup your sms messages ( does not do mms yet ) to your gmail account and put them in an sms label . it will also restore them too .
i would assume it is because there are still phone numbers that are distributed with convenience letters ( e . g . " phonewords" ) in them , and there are probably still automated call answering programs that use them . the letters on the numpad far predate t9 . for the us specifically , wikipedia also has an article that explains the history of telephone numbers and the various ways that letters have been used over time ( it was different in other countries , but i can not find a detailed article for that at the moment ) .
using adb , i believe it is possible : for example we have android program with manifest as under : to run the code issue command like this ( in one line ) : am start -a android.intent.action.MAIN -n com.app1.android.xtract/com.app1.android.xtract.Contact 
business calendar pro ( and maybe even the free version ) can move events from one calendar to another , even if they are on different accounts . i got business calendar pro when i was still using the samsung touchwiz ui because i did not like their calendar application . now that i am on a vanilla android , i still use business calendar pro . the agenda widget is nice and the ui and functionality exceeds the stock calendar app .
from looking at some posts on android forums ( 1 ) , ( 2 ) i think it is just not possible - to get more windows/tabs you will need to use another browser like dolphin hd/mini . edit : looks from this post on xda that it is hard-coded into the browser ; it can be changed , but not easily .
i am not sure about facebook events here because i have very few events ever listed in my facebook calendar . but if you sync your phone with facebook ( settings > accounts and sync ) and have it sync live feeds , it should display calendar items in your calendar . i know i have birthdays in my calendar that show up and that is how i have facebook sync setup . if you are setup the same way , try removing facebook sync , clear cache and data from the app ( settings > applications > manage application > all , then find facebook and click on it . there should be an option to clear cache and data . reboot . then recreate the account and sync . not sure if this will help but usually solves most issues . . .
the last three are gps receiver , data sync and screen brightness . as seen here . and it looks like the extended controls app gives you even more control ( android police article ) and here it is on appbrain .
no , mobile broadband is called such specifically to distinguish it from a cell phone data plan . you might be able to trick them by claiming your phone is one of the tablets they support , but only if you can get all its info ( imei etc . ) beforehand and they accept it , rather than requiring you to bring in the device . however i believe they are able to detect this sort of trickery on a network level , even if you are not an existing customer and they know that your device is a phone . i would not expect it to work for long . i did a similar thing on t-mobile and my service was cut after 2 days .
answering my own question as found the solution . we can edit build . prop from mobile . i downloaded es file explorer which is free . then from optin set " root explorer " and set " mount system as read/write " now edit build . prop and save it using es file explorer 's editor then uncheck " root explorer " and " mount system as read/write " for safety . . hope it wil help someone : )
i will answer my own question - i do not think there is such an email client yet that provides the facility to choose which internet connection ( s ) is/are used with each account . thanks for the droidwall mention @foleyisgood , but i would prefer not to have to root my device for risks of malware , also because i use some backing apps which will not run on rooted devices .
from what i can see , there is no way to re-associate a phone . it looks like your option is to disassociate/re-associate .
you can use the ' lasso ' option for that . it works real cool .
this is the expected behavior . queue is the " currently playing playlist " you have playlist a with song 1,2,3 and 4 . if you start listening to playlist a , the currently playing playlist will consist of song 1,2,3,4 . if you see song 1337 , then " add to queue " while listening to song 2 , the currently playing playlist will consist of song 2,1337,3,4 . if the next day , you start playlist a from the beginning , it will still only hold song 1,2,3,4 .
from the home screen , click the " all apps " button , then there is an app called downloads . by default , downloads are sorted most-recent-first , so the one you have just downloaded will be at the top . if even that method is one step too many , you can long-tap on the downloads icon in the apps menu , then drop it on the home screen to create a shortcut to that app . now you can open it from the home screen directly . additionally , if the wrong app opens a certain kind of file , you can stop that and go back to having a chooser to pick which app to open files with . open the settings app , then go to apps ( on some phones it is called applications manager ) . choose the offending app from the list : if it is a built-in app , you will need to swipe to to the all page . scroll down and click clear defaults . next time you open a file that would open with that app , you will get the chooser instead ( assuming you have another app installed that can open that kind of file ) .
the install button is greyed out if you have no compatible device linked to your google account .
also , some devices show up as mass storage devices , only when usb debugging option is turned off . see if that helps .
it turns out that the issue was that location reporting was enabled . disabling this misfeature increased my battery life almost three-fold , stopped the notification popups ( which i have since learned are called toasts ) , and now the spooks will have only a slightly harder time to find out where i have been .
you might be able to prepare ( see below ) your phone for google wallet by modifying the following parts in feature . xml : replace with remove &lt;CscFeature_SmartcardSvc_HideTerminalCapability&gt;eSE&lt;/CscFeature_SmartcardSvc_HideTerminalCapability&gt;  add note , however , that this will only prepare the nfc service of your device to be able to interact with google wallet . there are still some more problems : google wallet will still try to detect your mobile network operator and will typically refuse to work if you use a verizon sim card . ( possibly even your phone 's verizon-specific model number might be enough for gw to refuse to work . ) same applies for getting gw through play store . i am not sure that google has the keys for access to the embedded secure element on any of the isis branded versions of the s4 . if google does not have them , it is impossible for google wallet to install any of the on-card components of google wallet into the secure element . thus , a secure element based google wallet would not work .
your charger is fine . only your phone is running hot due to heavy usage . your phone has a few components that dissipate heat if heavily used : the processor when used heavily by an app ( yours has 2 cores ) the graphics chip when your app uses opengl ( also for screen composition ) the display when lit ( depending on the brightness ) the battery itself ( when charged or discharged heavily ) the modem also needs rather much power for 3g/4g/lte data transfers if this all above leads to a high battery temperature a safety mechanism kicks in for security reasons ( liion battery technology needs this supervision , you may have heard of burning or exploding consumer tech ) reasons : it is mostly a mix of all things above . maybe it is also a bad programmed app ( requires too much computation , keeps cpu awake , etc . ) . what you can do : lower screen brightness underclock your cpu via setcpu is force gpu rendering in the developer settings enabled ? if so , disable . try another app or file a bug report for waze ( maybe ) does the app work also when the screen is off ( i am not sure what it does , maybe it has speech output that does not require you to look at the screen ) maybe it is due to your model ( i heard the i9100g generates more heat ) switch to 2g only in the mobile networks settings : settings-> wireless and networks-> more-> mobile networks-> use only 2g networks ( saves battery )
try http proxy settings .
there are two applications that come preloaded on the device which can do this for you , " fit " and " heart rate " . you can start these apps by saying " ok google " or tapping the screen to bring up search , followed by the command " start fit " or " start heart rate " which launch the corresponding app . heart rate 's sole purpose is to show this information , so the button to start monitoring will be available immediately . fit also tracks other fitness data , such as steps you have traveled , so you will need to swipe to the left once to get to the heart rate section and expose the button which will start the reading . both of these apps will request that you stay still for 10-15 seconds as a reading is taken , and it is important to note that they only measure your heart rate when you ask for it , there is not a passive reading being taken . as a shortcut , you can just tell google to " show me my heart rate " to skip the " start fit " or " start heart rate " commands as well as the button press to start the reading . this will automatically launch the default heart rate measuring app and start taking a reading . you can configure which app does this by default by using the android wear app on your connected device .
some are drm protected , others are not . one way i am aware of to find out the ones that are drm , is when you try to download the file for offline reading : if the extension is .acsm then its a drm protected book . if the extension ends in .epub or .pdf then its not drm . protected . related reading : file types for reading on your device drm options for downloads of books on google play related to exporting the ebook to a certain format or have it restricted to be read on google play , the above first link answers your doubt , where they stat that you can read or download to read your ebook on other devices or applications .
to expand on @rossc 's comment , doing this yourself is quite easy if you are confident and comfortable with device disassembly , and have the correct tools . there are tutorials on how to safely and correctly replace this : ifixit : https://www.ifixit.com/guide/motorola+moto+x+battery+replacement/16974 etradesupply video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fd3azsxhof8 from experience , i strongly suggest you watch the entire video and/or read the whole article before ever even starting . that way no surprises creep up on you , and you already have an idea as to everything you will need to do . tools can be found widely online and may be worth the investment ( $2 kit on amazon , $1.35 kit on ebay ) . note that this might void any warranty you have from motorola or your device 's distributor . you could check with them first and see if the repairs might be covered for free or a fee . motorola can always help but may cost you more money ( if you are at fault for the damage ) or can take a while to complete due to shipping , service backlog , etc .
you can also run apex launcher from the app drawer of your default " stock " launcher . navigate to apex settings > advanced > set default launcher which will do the same thing - clear the default action and display the popup menu allowing you to choose from the launcher apps currently installed on your device .
i tried with a different usb cable and it is working stable now . unfortunately moto g does not come with usb cable as part of the accessories and hence we have to rely on the usb cables available in the outside market . currently i am using sony xperia 's usb cable which is working like a charm on my moto g for usb debugging . it is been couple of hours and the usb debugging is still on and going great : ) let me observe the same for another day before i conclude the issue . and another suggestion i received is - do not work on windows for android development but stick with linux as windows drivers are buggy in most of the times . i appreciate the suggestion as of now and may look at this option as well in the near future to switch to linux for android development .
the sensation xe ( which is externally identical to my sensation barring colour ) does have a hardware search button , located immediately below the touchscreen , furthest to the right : i have not noticed a setting on android 4.0 to allow you to customise the behaviour of the button , however . the default behaviour is to launch the voice search app .
i solved this by following the feedback from this phandroid post i used the next higher kernel that is LPD and it worked ! . LPH kernel as suggested by another answerer , did not work . the original solution : hi , i had the same problem which stumped me as well . i found the answer on a different thread ; just use the kernel that is the ' next one up ' , which in this case is lpd . works perfectly . adding it here just in case someone else comes looking .
a mini-sim is the same thing as a standard sim nowadays . the term was coined back in the day when sim cards were the size of a credit card . thus , the current-day regular sim was known as mini-sim . micro-sim is the next step ( used in newer smartphones , examples from gsmarena ) and then there is the nano-sim ( used only in iphone 5 , ipad mini and asus padfone infinity , as far as i know ) . see gsm sim card evolution for graphical representation .
without finding a way of doing this i ended up bluetoothing all the contacts from the old handset across ( a samsung b2100 ) . would be nice to find more information about this buggy/broken feature on the s3 .
this functionality is available with the developer toolkit . the post is a bit old so newer versions of android will have different icons and slightly different menus , but it walks you through getting the tools installed and then being able to capture screen-shots . also the tutorial is for windows , but it should work with any os that you get the android dev tools running on ( windows , mac os x , and linux ) . how to take screenshots of your android based phone from windows
the securedownload.bin file is from your email app trying to download/save an attachment . the app creates this file ( no matter what the actual name of your attachment is ) whenever you try to view or save the attachment . the FlashPlayer installer may have been automatically downloaded by your browser when you tried to view flash content . in either case , these files should be perfectly safe to delete from your downloads , since no apps are supposed to store critical files there . ( if an app places critical files in the downloads directory , the app does not deserve to be used ! )
as i mentioned in the comments the twitter app does not seen to have an in-app browser so i am using the reddit is fun app instead since i know it does . i think that all in-app browsing uses a webview so it should be the same across all apps . the webview and chrome both use the webkit engine but chrome seems to use a more up-to-date one . i tried out sunspider on a few different devices and on the s2 with the browser . nexus 7 Running Android 4.2.2, Chrome 26.0.1410.58 Chrome: 1747ms (WebKit 537.31) In-app: 1720ms (WebKit 534.30)  nexus s Running Android 4.1.2, Chrome 18.0.1025.166, Chrome: 3443.7ms (WebKit 535.19) In-app: 4307.1ms (WebKit 534.30)  samgsung galaxy s2 Running Android 4.1.1 Resurrection Remix v3.8 ROM. Browser: 1488.8ms (WebKit 534.30) In-app: 1614.2ms (WebKit 534.30)  i ran the tests twice as i was suprised at the speed of the galaxy s2 compared to the nexus 7 but got roughly the same figures .
i believe you are talking about the notification drawer , and the top row of icons that toggle functionality like wifi , gps etc . there appears to be no way to customize what appears in the top row when you are on samsung 's stock software/rom . you will have to switch to a rom like cm9 for that .
update : apparently there was enough of a hue and cry about it that they have added a button , although " ok maps " will still work . not the same as the old offline maps , but better than nothing i suppose . having come under fire for ( mostly ) removing the option to save offline maps in its new android app , google has pushed a new update that makes it easier for users to save local areas to their device . in a post on google+ , the company notes that its " engineering team has been working around the clock " to add a " make this map area available offline " card inside the app , mimicking the functionality of the ' ok maps " command . ( source : the verge ) at least i am not the only one who regrets the removal of this feature . the other problem with the redesign is that google ( mostly ) removed the option to save offline maps — a feature that was only a year old to begin with . power users still have a way to cache maps locally , however . daniel graf , director for google maps , tells us that the company 's engineers were just as unhappy with the loss of the feature as we were , so they built an easter egg . when you type in " ok maps " ( or " okay maps " ) into the search box , it will save a cached version of the visible map area locally . it is not as convenient or manageable as proper offline maps , but at least it is an option — assuming you remember it is there . ( source : the verge )
the superuser website explains it as such : ghost mode – hide superuser from your app tray and home screen . with ghost mode activated , the only way to launch it is by dialing a secret code into the dialer . the default secret code is *#*#787378737#*#* , but it can be set to whatever you want . note that this feature will probably be disabled if your device does not have a dialer ( tablets specifically ) .
i know it is typically frowned upon to answer your own question , but i have . this was a total pebkac . i use a different calendar app than the default , so i disabled the pre-installed samsung calendar in the application settings in order to stop it appearing in my application list . this is fine and does not affect anything , but i apparently got a little trigger happy and also quite stupidly disabled the calendar storage process . yeah , that'll mess up calendar sync something fierce .
as with imap mails are stored centrally on the server , you can see all mails from all imap clients . you can automatically store sent mails to a " sent " folder ( instead of only send them and not storing them ) , which is configured on a per-client basis . i cannot tell for your desktop clients how to do this , but with k9 you can select the folder in menu &rarr ; more &rarr ; settings &rarr ; account settings &rarr ; folders &rarr ; folder for sent objects just in the folders menu , you will find some more special folders you can define ( e . g . for drafts ) . having your " sent " folder defined on all your clients ( and always having defined the same ) , you should be able to easily view your sent mails from all clients , regardless of the fact from which client a mail was sent .
it stops for me as well , so i am lead to believe that it only stores so many in the database . looking at it , it seems to be limited to 20 pages ( it does not even get to ' c ' for me ) .
the feature i was looking for is called ( on the apps i’ve found that have it ) “auto-dismiss” . i’m trying alarm clock xtreme free , which offers this feature ; if i’m happy with it i’ll upgrade to the paid version .
when you first activate an android phone , there is a short tutorial that walks you through the home screen , adding icons/widgets to the home screen , navigating the home screen , etc . on stock android , there is also a helpful widget on the homescreen . for many phones , there is a small booklet ( often called the manual ) in the box when you purchase the device . these booklets can also be found online , for example some popular android 4.0 devices : galaxy nexus user guide , or galaxy s3 , or htc incredible . you can find manuals for your device by browsing the manufacturer 's website or googling for " ( device name ) manual " or " ( device name ) user guide " . manufacturer websites also typically have a knowledge base , support center , etc . for instance , htc support center for desire x or samsung support for galaxy note . finally , there are also android stackexchange and other android-related forums which contain lots of helpful people willing to answer your questions . if you are still unclear on anything specific , ask away !
if you are rooted , you could use an app such as mybackup root or titanum backup to backup opera mini , and then restore it on the new device . it is not possible if you are not rooted .
you could try and change it to a black wallpaper . there is a no wallpaper app on google play , which you install as a live wallpaper . it does not take a lot of resources .
if you do a cat /proc/filesystems you should notice tmpfs . so if you have access to the mount command , you shoud be able to create a directory ( mkdir MYDIRECTORY ) mount a tmpfs-filesystem there ( mount -t tmpfs tmpfs MYDIRECTROY ) per default a tmpfs-mount will use halv of the available ram on your system . so rather than " auto-growing " you can think of it as " auto-shrinking " - i.e. the more you use it , the less ram will be available . in the worst case your system might start swapping ( which you do not want ) . you can use options to use a different ram-size for that mount .
you do not need to back up anything under /system since a factory reset or flashing the original rom will restore everything there . and if you were flashing a different rom then the . odex files would likely be useless anyways , since they are for specific app/os/device versions .
the wildfire s uses a microusb cable , same as the galaxy sii , it should work fine
you can see a list of all apps in Settings -&gt; Apps ( or Applications ) and then select the All tab to see factory-installed apps in addition to downloaded apps .
did you have the required baseband and did you use cwm recovery to install the zip file ? if yes , flash the stock rom again and root the phone , intall cwm and install v2 zip file first and then v2.5 . i have been using cosmic rom v2.5 from the past one month and do not have any issues . you seem to be having issues only because of some goof up during installation . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2503230 he has given the . bin file for the supported baseband . flash it via odin .
you will need to get one of samsung 's hdmi adapters . the tab 7 plus , 8.9 and 10.1 do not support the old rca adapter , to my knowledge . the page for the adapter also has a search bar where you can enter your specific device 's model number to ensure that it will be compatible . at that point , i believe it works like other honeycomb tablets in that it will simply mirror to the tv automatically after being plugged in .
try Settings-&gt;Call Settings-&gt;Voicemail . on my fascinate this pops up with a dialog box where i can enter a new voicemail number immediately . on my evo ( cyanogenmod ) i have to go into Settings-&gt;Call Settings-&gt;Voicemail Settings-&gt;Voicemail Number to get the same box , so it is very similar but does take an extra step .
tasker should be seeing the event even if the system does not have it set as the default handler , so you should be safe setting smart dock as the default . ( that said , you could also have tasker handle the launch of smart dock . )
these things helped a lot : looking at which apps drained the most power . performance improved a lot after uninstalling facebook and a few other apps i had downloaded over time . upgrading to cyanogenmod 10.1-m3 helped . they fixed a nasty memory leak , which probably accounted for parts of my issues . a little before the first 10.1-rc candidates , the cm team tweaked memory settings that had changed without warning in one of the releases . if you are running low on storage , you might want to run fstrim /data on a root shell . it seems to be a technical limitation of ssds when they are low on space .
go to Menu &gt; More &gt; Settings , make sure that " email notifications " is checked then " select ringtone > silent " and " vibrate > for all gmail notifications " .
as izzy points out , /system is usually mounted read-only , because it contains the operating system itself . the only reason you are getting these errors is because you specifically asked the command to wipe both /system and /data: that is what the all means . if you actually did that , you had have to reboot into recovery to reinstall the os . if that is what you really want , you should first remount /system as read-only by running the following command in a root shell on the device : mount -ro remount,rw /system  if you just want to wipe user data , to get an effect like a factory-reset for a clean slate for testing , then the command you need is wipe data .
my answer for you is twofold ; there are innate downsides to off-brand devices but - most importantly - your use case ( development and application purposes ) might make off-brand android phones a poor choice . this is from my experience with the phones ( i have a lot , having lived in asia for years , and seeing a lot here in the states ) first , the general issues . cheap , off-brand phones like that can actually perform quite well - but those good phones can be few and far between . often , you will face issues with any/all of the following : screen quality - this is generally the first place no-brand manufacturers cut corners . many , if not most , of the devices will have low resolution and poor color reproduction . battery - this is the next big issue with these . there are many reasons that cheaper design , development , and manufacturing generally mean poor battery life . from the chips used , to the battery technology used , to the radios ( in your case , dual-sim is a known battery-drainer ) . local support - your mileage may vary™ . many , if not most , no-brand devices are quad-band gsm-devices - worldphones ! ! but many are not , and almost all are poorly documented . it may claim to be a worldphone , but who knows for sure ? slowness - these things are cheap . good nand is expensive , good socs can be expensive . most off-brand phones are much slower than the big-name phones from htc , lg , motorola , etc . . . customer support - almost universally non-existent when dealing with these things . long-term manufacturer support - you are almost guaranteed to never see an update to the android os on these phones . community support - the devices are , unfortunately , almost never supported by the hacking/modding/open-source communities . phones from big names almost all have communities for modding/roms/help built around them . that does not seem so bad , right ? you will be developing software for your organization . you do not care about watching movies - so screen quality does not matter - and it'll always be plugged into a dev machine - so battery does not matter either . you probably expected slowness too . you probably do not care about those issues ! let me tell you why you might want to care . screen - it is likely to be an old , depracated screen resolution . if you are going to be developing applications to publish then it could be a problem making your app compatible with standard screen sizes . ( your so question implies you are not , so this might be a nonissue ) . slowness - you mention that this will be a low-demand server and sms gateway . slowness may be a downside for you . the phone you linked is very slow . long-term manufacturer support - this thing runs android 2.3.6 . that is ancient . even though that version is still used on many android phones today , it could be very limiting for you with its old api . community support - it is very likely that you will need to use adb , perhaps get root , and a plethora of other generally-simple tasks that could be made difficult by the way the phone is engineered . usually , there is a community to ask for help when things like this get in the way . not so for this phone . tl , dr : you will probably be able to make a workable solution with the phone you linked . there are some very significant unknowns - hiccups you may run into with your project , and hiccups you may run into with the phone - that might be bad with this phone , or they might be no problem . if it was me , i suggest this little phrase : if you have to ask , " is this phone going to work ? " then you should probably consider a different phone . get a device that you know will work . nexus phones are made for this situation . and big-name phones , while not as much as a nexus , will probably be a better solution than the phone you linked . i realize the price of nexus phones in india is expensive , but i would say it is worth the added cost .
yes , there is , both from the device , or using google play on a ' regular computer ' . using your mobile device open the google play store app touch the play store icon and select my apps . visit the all category . select an app you’d like to install , then touch the install button on the app’s detail page . using your computer visit your my apps page on google play . select an app to view its detail page . click the button that says install or installed and select the device where you’d like to install the app . note : when an app shows an " installed " button on its detail page , it means that the app is installed on one of the devices associated with your google account . click install .
thanks all . in android 4.2 jelly bean , we should manage default app in same app we do not want it to handle sms . in tango 3 settings , there is an option to avoid sms handling .
as a final resort , i tried doing a full wipe and reinstalling cm10 m1 completely , without restoring any settings or apps from any old installations . the issue still persists ! any files created with my now " old " cm10 installation no longer appear , even when they are moved within a folder where other " new " files are shown and working . switching back to aokp also did not solve the issue , so the issue does not only persist over reinstalls of cm but also across roms . what finally solved this issue for me was reformatting my /sdcard partition with the newest version of cwm recovery . this might not be a very clean solution , but in my case i needed to clean up the sdcard anyway . if formatting is not an option , try the other answer posted here regarding .nomedia files , i had no success with it as i was unable to find those files .
the easiest solution would be to simply remove the battery . as far as i know , holding down the power button on the galaxy nexus does not force it to power down .
the launcher on the moto g is indeed almost identical to the stock android launcher - but not the google experience launcher that is seen on nexus devices running android 4.4+ .
digging through the logcat , immediately after the com.android.browser activity is launched , i found a " fatal signal 11 ( sigsegv ) " in vold , the volume daemon that handles storage . lots of other storage related issues in the log too . so i checked the virtual device settings one more time and noticed that the sd card size was not specified . i had assumed that the default settings should work , but apparently not . i entered 2 gb for the sd card , restarted the emulator , and the browser works fine now .
it looks like google is afraid of being sued by apple for using " square icon with rounded corners " . there is an issu on http://code.google.com/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=125076 . however there is information about fix version set to 25th release . i do not know if chromium and chrome versions have the same numbers , but last time i checked chrome it was on v . 22 . there is also a posted suggestion of introducing chrome specific android-icon .
afaik there is no built-in method to achieve that personalization . i would go with apex launcher by android does available from google play store , to use with android 4.0+ , it is free and among the features you will find : customizable homescreens and grid size scrollable dock infinite and elastic scrolling customizable app and folder icons multiple drawer styles drawer apps sorting hide apps from the drawer enjoy homescreen gestures backup/restore settings and data apex launcher homescreen settings : other features can be found if you go pro .
the reason it does not work is because there is certain data types that are allowed through such as jpg , png , zip , pdf , text , anything else is filtered out and denied for the simple reason of security and to prevent malicious exploitation of transferring a binary executable across it for example . you cannot edit them as they are baked into the rom and built at compile time . look in packages/app/Bluetooth/src/com/android/bluetooth/Constants.java: it is similar in principle to the mime types found in among web servers , such as uploading a png or jpg to a site . the filters would be in place to prevent window binaries to be uploaded .
after leaving it in the loop for days using 4 different wall adapters and a usb port , i found the wall-to-usb adapter that originally came with my device . i plugged my tablet in with that and it booted normally and started working ; i do not know why that fixed it , but it did .
try starting it in safe mode and see if the led still acts up . . link - http://www.myvusers.com/forums/samsung-galaxy-nexus/10880-safe-mode-galaxy-nexus-samsung.html
i do not think this is a design feature . . . i am not able to reproduce this at all ( except for scrolling down a bit : ) . however , as the android market app is not the most stable app on the android platform , you might want to try clearing the market app cache . go to settings - applications - manage applications - select android market app - click the clear cache button . restart the market app and check if the checkbox is present .
yes , you can connect an android phone to a tv or a computer monitor . at least if you have a new enough tv or monitor , and not a ten year old tv like i do . :- ) my android phone came with a hdmi cable to use when connecting phone to tv . i have connected it many times to my computer however , using a mini usb cable . but i would be able to use the hdmi as well , depending on what i want to do . i am for sure no expert , but i have a sony ericsson experia arc s and i have used it for over a year . i hope that this answer is good enough to offer some help . for newer phone , you may wish to use the following : micro usb to hdmi® mhl adapter reference link : http://www.monoprice.com/products/product.asp?c_id=108cp_id=10833cs_id=1083314p_id=8675seq=1format=2 video link : http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embeddedv=p5tjl_a_wcc in the reference link , it include information such as compatible mobile devices ( which you can retrieve from this link - http://www.mhlconsortium.org/workarea/downloadasset.aspx?id=5055 )
go to your phone settings menu . under Accessibility , click the checkbox for Power button ends call . be careful using this with bluetooth . i have accidentally ended calls because i wanted to put the phone in my pocket ; i pressed the power button ( do not want my touchscreen active : i might accidentally end the call ! ) , and the call ended .
its actually ok to install gapps , or any other zip packages ( if they are meant to be flashed ) , after cyanogenmod has been installed . you had use the install zip from sdcard option while in recovery mode ( presumably clockworkmod , if you followed cm 's install guide ) to flash the gapps zip file . then reboot your device and after that you will notice that it will take a little longer to start up with a message saying " android is upgrading " . wait for that to finish and then you will see all of the google apps installed .
take a closer look when swiping your finger to unlock the screen , there are a few apps surrounding the unlock area , swipe right to only unlock and not open other apps . to change these shortcuts , go to settings - lock screen - slider shortcuts .
if you disable the Off-road mode in opera then it plays the video rather than downloading it .
my answer ( s ) : ( these are limited to my experiences ) no , you most likely will not be able to apply a standard update to a rooted phone . as far as turning off the update , this is most likely specific to the phone , and if it is being pushed by your carrier , my guess is you can not just turn it off . i would choose ( now that you are rooted ) to just flash a new rom . if you like your stock stuff , you can probably find a rom that is the same thing you are using now , with the 2.3.6 update . this rom may be what you are looking for in the case i described . it does not require you to do a wipe either , basically the update for your phone !
there was an app that i had a while ago , i think they removed it from the market , but i found it here : tricorder . it is a little cheesey and geeky , but if you are in the first section ( "grav" ) it will show you the direction vectors from the readings it gets from the accelerometer . it does some other cool things too , but for your diagnostic purposes , it should work well ! update : here 's a screenshot of what you are looking for . i took this while holding my phone horizontally , and you will notice the " y " vector is 0.040 . it kept moving between 0.080 and 0.000 . i would say if it is much more than 0.150 off , you probably have a hardware issue . here 's the reading i got at ~0.500 . to get this reading , i held the phone horizontally and lifted up the left side almost a centimeter . here 's the screenshot , if it helps :
in my case the problem appears to have been caused by the " manage locking " section of juicedefender . turning that off solved the problem .
no , there is no common shortcut to close/exit any program . the " android way " is to let the os decide when to actually close/exit an application . just hit the " home " button or the " recent apps " buttons to switch to another application when you are done with the current application , or tap the physical power button to turn off the screen . the os will take responsibility for deciding when to suspend and when to terminate a background application . it generally does a good job of this , but some people cannot stand this behavior and so install task manager applications to explicitly terminate background applications .
open the camera app and press the button that looks like a camera with a circular arrow under it . ( original picture from this article about ics on thetechlabs.com )
as your phone is rooted , you could use titanium backup to backup app and data . then uninstall viber , re-install it , check if it works , and use tb again to restore only the data . keep in mind that when a mis-configuration is the cause of your problem , after restoring the app 's data your problem might be back . in that case , simply repeat the operation , but do not restore the data , if you want the app working again . of course , in that case your chat history would be lost ; but you might be able to manually pick the data from tibu 's backups .
the answer is . . . it depends . as a rough equivalent between android and windows pcs : ram = ram internal storage = c : drive external storage = d : drive etc . . . allocation of ram works differently in android , vs . say windows or unix . the usual notion of more is better does not necessarily correlate here . as i understand it , it is diminishing returns once you go beyond what is required . android basically tries to keep the apps/files you use most cached in ram . swapping in and out as it finds necessary . once you are beyond what is needed , then it seems like android just starts caching random and useless things . that is why if you use a task manager on your phone there always seems to be " stuff " running that you might feel inclined to just kill and free ram . . . but there is a lot of debate that says you should leave it alone and let the android os handle it . as for internal storage , i personally go for the biggest i can get in my budget . the android os files go there , all your settings , music , photos , and apps by default are installed here . nowadays though internal storage offerings from manufacturers are larger and larger and options to put files on external storage are getting better and better . considering today 's offerings and requirements , i would personally suggest when buying a new phone to get : at least 1gb , 2gb preferred ( as new apps with more bells and whistles come out , their ram footprint also increases . 2gb is still probably way more than most average people need , but it is quickly becoming the standard on newer phones anyway . ) internal storage at least 16gb ( again , as new apps come out with more bells and whistles and cameras with higher megapixels and recording high definition movies , they all keep demanding more space . the more you have now , the less you will have to deal with later if you have to start cleaning up or moving things off to external ) get whatever the cheapest option offered with the phone ( if it is offered ) ( buying the external storage from a 3rd party is much less expensive and likely faster and more reliable ) .
i have the same problem here in brazil . last year , i bought a galaxy s , and the photos had that red color in the center . i went to the store and exchanged it for another one , which had the same problem . i went to the store and returned it . i decided for an iphone 4 . now , i got bored with iphone 4 and this week i bought another galaxy s , it has the same problem ( red color in the center of the photo ) , but i decided to keep it anyway . for what i see in your post , the red color is a general problem . i just don’t understand why the samsung has not already corrected that problem . i have made some tests with the camera , and noticed that the problem occurs in low light conditions , especially under incandescent light , but outdoors the picture is normal . maybe the problem could be correct by some software or an update for samsung . i looked over in the internet and didn’t find any solution . so , if somebody knows a solution , please post it here .
i believe this issue has to do with installing a rom over another one without wiping . my particular rom is apex 9.3 . according to the associated xda forum thread , freezing problems with this rom have been solved by " a complete wipe including formatting sdcard , system , cache and data when flashing 9.0" . i have done so , wiping the data and cache in recovery mode , reinstalled the rom , and i have gone a week without a severe lockup ( severe meaning i have to restart the phone to get out of it ) . i have had an occasional 5 second freeze or so , but that is it . update : still had issues with freeze-ups . turned out it was the rom . went to a new rom and have not experienced freezes .
yes , on august 3rd 2012 google listen was discontinued and is no longer available on google play . if you already have it , it will continue to work , but on november 1st 2012 , the podcast search will cease to work . this project was very limited in functionality anyway . there are other apps out there that are updated and actively worked on . i think the last time google listen was updated was a couple months after it came out in 2009 . a lot of the podcast apps out there now can make use of the " listen subscriptions " folder that is in google reader . this is where google listen stored your subscribed podcasts . i continue to use reader to store my podcasts in this location , then i import it to the player on my phone .
try sliding the notification bar down , then long press on the ' new voicemail ' notification . there should be one option " app info " , go to this and clear cache and data . if your version of android / device does not support the long press notification , go to Settings &gt; Applications &gt; All &gt; Phone ' phone ' may be called ' dialler ' or similar on varying devices . clear cache and data . warning some devices ( very rarely to be honest ) tie your contacts to the dialler application , or your call history , clearing the data may clear some or all of these . ensure you have backups to be 100% sure that , however unlikely , if something goes wrong you have what is important . it is very unlikely and i do this all the time to get rid of that notification , but it is always better to be safe than sorry .
go to settings , applications , manage applications , [ menu button ] , filter , all find the media storage app , and clear data . this deletes everything ! artists , albums , playlists . ( data still on card ) plug in , mount usb . eject . go back into music , and wait ( a lot if you have more than a few tracks . ) note : if the music app shows no changes , try force stopping the media storage app . the app showed no cache or data to clear , but force stopping it then opening the music app worked for me .
google play services is a library used by other google and third-party apps . it allows apps to use : google maps layers to show maps in other apps google+ sign-on and sharing the new google+ gaming functionality for match-making , leaderboards , and to store saved games " in the cloud " google cloud messaging to sync data from the internet to your device efficiently location services to set up " geo-fences " so they can respond to locations and activities more efficiently than if they accessed your location directly it is a lot of functionality that could have been made part of android itself , but making it a separate library allows google to update it directly , so app developers can rely on it being up-to-date on every device : unlike android itself , which some manufacturers and carriers do not bother to update for older devices . if you were to remove it , any apps that rely on it would stop working or behave unpredictably .
it is now the morning after the evening i wrote this question . my lock and erase settings are now automagically present in android device manager . i have not changed any settings or powered off the phone , it was just ' sleeping ' last night . so it looks like the google servers needed some time to enable the settings .
go into the settings app . choose security , then owner info . uncheck show owner info on lock screen .
there are a couple of phones that support usb host mode . you could check the compatibility list of the app " dslr controller " over here : http://dslrcontroller.com/devices.php in the column " how to connect " are links to an adapter cable which enables you to connect a camera to your phone . if your phone is listed there or you verify via outher sources that your phone supports usb host mode then you could try one of the cables listed there . after that you would need an app that enables you to mount the camera storage so you can access it . today i ordered one of those cables and will try to connect a cardreader to my phone ( samsung galaxy s gt-i9000 ) . will post further updates once the cable arrives .
you can try to diagnose the problem yourself , or at least get a little more info by turning on a couple of developer diagnostics . in settings , scroll down to developer options . under the " input " section , check " show touches " . this will cause a small ( white ) circle to show on the screen where ever you touch it . if you do not see the circle ( which might be under your finger , so look carefully ) , you know it did not register your touch . if you see the circle lagging , then you know it registered your touch and is just being slow for other reasons . under " monitoring " , you may want to turn on " show cpu usage " and " strict mode enabled . " " show cpu usage " will show you what is running as a little overlay in the top right of the screen . the top line of the display shows the system cpu load . see this excellent write up of what the load numbers mean . if the load is high , your little nexus-7 " strict mode enabled " will " flash screen when apps do long operations on the main thread . " if your screen flashes , then you know something is hogging the cpu .
the android device manager application has access to many device permissions . some of those allow it enable gps capabilities in order to find out the device 's current location . once you enable it on your phone , you can log into adm 's web site , and provided your device currently has internet connectivity , you can send a request to your phone to retrieve this information and send it to google 's servers . google then displays see this information on a live map . as described in the help section of adm 's website , you can also choose to provide the phone number to dial once you lock the device remotely ( it can be any number that you currently have access to . ) this information is then sent to the phone , and is displayed on the lock screen with a dial button . you can also choose to wipe your device , in which case google will remotely instruct the adm app that is installed on your device to perform a full factory reset ( including wiping the contents of removable storage . ) in terms of privacy issues , it is definitely a trade-off . by using apps like android device manager ( there are plenty of alternatives as well , ) you are trusting that application 's developers with your location data . in return there is a small chance that you will be able to retrieve a lost or stolen phone , or at the very least erase your private data off of it . in this case you place your trust in google , since they are developing adm .
download ical import export 2.2 from the play store and you can backup the calendar on your phone . move the file to your pc and follow the instructions here : https://support.google.com/calendar/answer/37118?hl=en to upload to your google calendar online . or maybe you can just turn sync on ? that i do not know . but create the backup first if you try it ! good luck
there is no way to control the blink speed in the os itself . however , light flow provides a plethora of options for colour , flash rate , etc . there are probably other equivalent apps too .
i do not know that there is a definite way to answer this . it would be almost entirely dependent on how exactly the app was attempting to infect your phone and how successful its attempts were . in the simplest case , maybe the app is sniffing data or something of that sort . for that case , uninstalling would basically remove the threat since the app would be gone . nothing is left behind when you uninstall , including the /data directories for the app . slightly more complex would be an app that put a malicious payload somewhere on your system 's publicly writeable storage . in that case removing the app would not necessarily be enough , depending on what exactly the payload did and how it was designed . uninstalling could potentially cause the malicious code to become inert on reboot since the app may need to fire up a service on boot , but that is hard to say . formatting your sd card and doing a factory reset would probably clean it up in its entirety . the most nefarious case would be an app that gained elevated privileges on your device , either through an exploit or effective social engineering in which you grant access yourself . in that case a factory reset would not necessarily be enough , since the entirety of the /system partition would be unaffected . if the app were to stick a payload on /system then the only way you could really be sure you are clean is if you completely wiped all of the internal memory of the device and then reinstalled a new rom , i would say . even worse would be if it somehow managed to write a malicious bootloader or something of that nature , since in some circumstances it is possible to write to the bootloader partition from userspace ( given proper permissions ) .
es file explorer is one that can use the secure ftp protocol over ssh protocol . to get the settings , from es file explorer : hit menu key , show tabs , local , lan , ftp , net appears tap on ftp then tap on new that appears underneath , a dialog box will appear prompting the different ftp types , tap on sftp enter the details of the ssh server that hosts the secure ftp protocol es file explorer will remember the next time , so tap on the server , and then you can browse the file system of the remote server and upload/download files
yes , you should be able to install a wifi only rom manually , i`ve just gone to ics with 3g and its great . found these links useful : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bfhwd2nxw1u http://www.icsforums.com/forum/showthread/6398 http://forum.xda-developers.com/wiki/motorola_xoom hope this helps
sure . first find a text editor that you like , then launch the editor and open the html file . many editors will also show up as an option in the launch menu for html files if you open them from a file browser , so you may be able to just find your html file in your file browser and select your text editor when you open it . edit : per your comments , if you are looking for an " open with " style menu then i can recommend file expert . you can long press on any file and it will give you an " open with " option which allows you to choose from the list of your installed applications . there might be other file managers that do this , too , but i am not sure . astro has " open as " which is a bit more limited since it gives you a list of applications based on the file type you choose ( text , music , video , image ) .
currently i can only find customization options through mods or other updates to the rom . for example : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1999125 it would really be great if stock android 4.2 would provide functionality to add tiles , re-order tiles or change the function of long/short taps on tiles . this issue has some of those feature enhancement requests : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=40285
yes , that seems to be a typo : the conditions should be If %WIFI ~ on and If %WIFI !~ on ( or If %WIFI ~ off ) . the %wifi variable can only be on or off , not toggle . but the wifi action can be used to enable , disable or toggle wifi , i.e. if wifi is enabled , it will be disabled , and if wifi is disabled , it will be enabled . the example ( minus the typo ) talks about creating a " toggle wifi " widget : if wifi is on and you click the icon , wifi will be disabled and the icon will be changed to a " wifi is off " icon . and if wifi is off and you click the icon , wifi will be enabled and the icon will be changed to a " wifi is on " icon .
apparently themes on cyanogenmod are controlled by an app called . . . theme chooser . i did not even know they were customizable , and had never opened the app before ( and i would expect such a thing to be in the settings , not in an app ) . anyway , mine was on the " system " theme , which is green , and i can easily change it back to the " cyanbread " theme , which is the blue one i am used to . i do not know how or why it changed , but it is easy enough to fix once you learn where they are configured , and does not seem as big of a deal as i thought .
after looking over at the xda developers forums where the dev and others talk and problem solve for this module of xposed framework , your answer is there is no a way for tasker to enable and disabled the functionality of xvoice+ . i could describe for you an indirect way to achieve what you are looking for through simulating taps and swipes , if you are interested . if you are please post the phone you are using , android version , tasker version , xposed modules and tasker plugins you have installed . if my answer solves your problem please do not forget to mark it ask the answer as i am trying to build up rep as i am new .
take a look at this thread over at xda-developers forum . someone wrote a java app to extract the contacts out of the . sbf file into vcard files , which are a lot easier to deal with . also , in the same thread people report that with the latest version of kies you can execute a restore without having a samsung phone connected to the pc , and extract the contents . i personally have not tried either method , so please let us know if they work for you .
go to Settings-&gt;Sony Ericsson-&gt;Connectivity and un-check Auto connect in MSC .
i am going to try to give an answer that applies both to the nyt app and to apps in general . the short answer is make sure that you setup both phones with the same google account and sign into your nyt account in the app . if an app is properly designed ( and i would assume that the nyt app is ) then user settings , such as favorites , should get transferred to your new phone automatically . some apps use the data backup/transfer functionality that is built into android , which relies on you setting up both phones with the same google account . some apps instead sync user data to their own servers , which typically relies on your signing into the app with their account . the nyt does have its own system of users accounts and allows you to sign into your account in their android phone app ( oddly , this is missing in their android tablet app ) . if an app does not implement either of these then you should give it a low rating ( using the built-in android data backup/transfer functionality is super easy so apps really should implement it ) . the principle exception to this is cases where your data is very large , i.e. media files , in which case the app should provide functionality or instructions to assist you in moving your data .
it is , if you have root access . found the following solution on l0uy blog : open /system/csc/others.xml and add the following child to the &lt;FeatureSet&gt; parant : &lt;CscFeature_Contact_SetLinkCountMaxAs&gt;30&lt;/CscFeature_Contact_SetLinkCountMaxAs&gt;  the 30 is the limit , how much contacts you will merge . choose what you want . works fine on 4.1.2 .
dolphin browser hd allows you to search google from the address bar , and it shows suggestions as you type . it does not explicitly say that it has this feature but i use it all the time . if you type something in the address bar that is not a web address and hit go it will automatically search , just like chrome does .
this looks like what you want . basically , any rom that says it is a " gpe " rom or a " google play edition " rom will be what you are after . to get the google apps you will need to flash a gapps package such as the paranoidandroid ones - you can just choose the " stock " package . flash those after flashing the rom and you will have a pre-rooted , dev version rom .
android 2.2 introduces the app sharing app which is installed by default . i think this might be what you are looking for , however you will need a froyo device . for earlier versions you could use the app " bluetooth file transfer " to share the apk files , if you have these available on your memory card for example .
quicksshd works on rooted and non-rooted phones . there are some limitations on non-rooted phones ( running on port 2222 instead of 22 , etc . ) , but other than this , i have yet to see any problem with it on any device ( tested from 1.6 through 2.1 to 4.1 ) . costs approx . us$1.5
it depends . is it factory sim-unlocked , has it been unlocked through official channels , or has it been hack-unlocked ? if it is either of the first two , you should be fine through any software updates . if it is been hacked unlocked though , i would be careful of updates until someone confirms it working .
if you type on a terminal console : ls -l /d lrwxrwxrwx root root 2013-01-01 01:00 d -&gt; /sys/kernel/debug/  meaning /d is a symlink to that other folder , probably there for compatibility with old versions . so now the question is : what is /sys/kernel/debug/ ? that folder is used to mount debugfs filesystem and it is used , as the name suggests , to debug kernel . kernel must be compiled with config_debug_fs option set to yes , so that is maybe the reason why some phones have files in it and some do not . one important thing to note is that debugfs is a ram based filesystem , so afaik it is using ram space not disk space . more info http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/debugfs
we can now edit google docs with our mobile with the official app : ) more information can be found in this blog entry from the official google documents blog .
assuming samsung have made the same changes for the captivate as the galaxy , then fully opening an appointment in the calendar app and pressing edit , you should have a line labelled " calendar " that will say " my calendar " ( this is the local calendar on the phone ) , press the arrow beside that and it takes you to a list of your calendars and lets you select your google calendar to move the appointment there . also when you are in the calendar and want to create a new appointment there are two ways to do it . either long pressing on a day/time takes you to the quick appointment creation box , this always goes into your phone 's local calendar and then needs moving out to your gcal . however if you press the menu button and select " create " then it takes you to the same screen as the edit screen , and you can pick which calendar to save to from there .
i am looking for an xps reader too . two points . first , google docs viewer supports . xps files ( getting to know the google docs viewer ) but google docs mobile viewer does not , per my experience and this support page ( viewing files from within google docs ) . i spent time trying because this cached page ' s article title is google docs mobile viewer for android , iphone , ipad has been released and has this list of tags that made me think i would found a solution . article tags:xps android , xps viewer android , android xps , xps viewer for android , android xps viewer , android xps reader , xps reader android second , perhaps if enough people show interest there will be an xps viewer available from the android market . i added to the android market xps viewer feature request thread .
after much torment and due to an unfortunate accident , i went ahead and purchased one . the answer is : tilde close screen tap the input area long press a click tilde backtick ( grave ) close screen tap the input area long press apostrophe realize that you were pressing the voice search button since the apostrophe button is so small and cramped , so cancel the voice search repeat 3 until success click backtick this is a major pain . i may just make an alternate soft keyboard for myself that just has those two buttons .
did you remember to switch to swype from the default keyboard ? press and hold inside any text box ( like google search , for example ) . a pop-up should come up with one or more options . select the " input method " option and then select " swype " .
no idea about other apps but angry birds save data is stored to /data/data/com . rovio . angrybirds/files if you copy over the contents to a separate location , then re-install angry birds and move back the old save data into the same location after re-installing angry birds , you should have the same save state .
this article describes the next release of skype for android ( v . 2.1 ) which now supports 17 phones on video chat . the answer before was directing to other services or modified versions of skype , but this is official , so i thought i would post it .
/data/system/dropbox is not part of " dropbox " it is part of the android os dropboxmanager ( not related at all to " dropbox" ) . this puts data from application crashes and kernel logs and such in this log directory . i know the market uses this directory ( see #4 ) as well , probably to report application crashes . you could probably remove the data in this directory , but do not delete the directory and you may see logcat errors from parts of the os/apps looking for specific files in this directory . edit : i deleted everything from this folder and rebooted my device afterwards , i had no issues with any applications , and it actually freed up some space on the device .
edit honestly , i am not 100% sure that this was really a problem related to the kernel . i think that the " problem " could be also caused by the fact that pressing the home key in recovery mode results in a reboot . the correct way to select a recovery item is to press the power button . original post i had the same issue two days ago . the problem was the kernel . after switching to the kernel that was mentioned a few wiki changes before it worked like a charm . kernel : http://cmw.22aaf3.com/aries/gt-i9000/root/hardcore-speedmod-i9000.zip md5: afccda1f4efb560398dd5bc107bb7a69 i even ( re- ) added this information but it was again reverted . :- (
try putting sh in front of your command , eg . : sh ./scp  or sh -c ./scp 
i have installed 4.1.2 jelly bean xxemd2 firmware from the scratch . it is working now instructions : http://port135.com/2013/06/30/708/
apparently it was some bug in the app itself , i had to clink the options , go to more , and there select recreate scripts , then it asked me what file system was the second partition , restarted , and it worked just fine after it . and all of that without card reader , like they are suggesting everywhere
the best option you can use open the menu in play store and then go to settings and then mark the notification:notify me about updates to apps or games that i downloaded and then you will get the notification and update them whenever you want to . also unmark the auto-update apps so it will never update them automatically .
looks like you will need a 3.5mm connector to ipod proprietary 40-pin converter . there are some available on ebay here : http://www.ebay.com/bhp/ipod-female-connector ( note -- this link is temporary once the items are sold ; if someone finds a permalink to a product page please edit my answer and add it ) .
you can go to the play store and view the ' my apps ' section . this should list your most recently updated apps . you can check the top 27 or so and see if it helps you determine , which one may be affecting video playback .
the files ( if they are considered as such ) to which logs are written by the device are not in /system but in /dev/log . these " files " are reset at every boot , so unless the device you have has a boot-time script that automatically saves logs to a file in , say , /sdcard , there is sadly no way to retrieve the logs you want while in recovery .
android 4.0+ officially supports bluetooth tethering in both directions ( and allows bridging to whatever the internet connection is ( wifi/usb/3g ) ) . you need : 1x device as tether host running android 4.0+ that has wifi/3g/usb internet 1x client device running android 4.0+ both devices are bluetooth paired enabled ' bluetooth tethering ' setting on the host device : settings => wireless and networks : more => tethering and portable hotspot => bluetooth tethering you then can connect to the tethering profile : settings => bluetooth => paired devices/gn => profiles/internet access the gnexus fulfills all of that , however your p1000 cannot officially upgraded to android 4.0 though , so you are out of luck or you have to install an aftermarket firmware ( e . g . cyanogenmod9 , which is based on android 4.0.4 )
your carrier is responsible for sending ota updates . check their website , call them and ask , or try searching for your carrier 's name and " android update " .
cell standby being high means you have a really weak signal wherever your phone was . the phone cranks its radio up to maximum power to try to maintain a usable signal . there are several ways to stop it - none of them ideal : put the phone somewhere with a better signal ( near a window maybe ) put it in airplane mode to turn off the radio ( but you will not be able to get phone calls/texts ) switch to a carrier that has a better signal near your home/workplace as for why it is doing it now , it could be that you are leaving the phone in a different place in your house most of the time , or weather is affecting the signal strength , or sprint is extra crummy in your area lately .
android treats filenames that start with a dot as hidden . so , there is no way for any app to show them . however , you can still see them on a file explorer that can see hidden files ( may need root access ) .
if you are using your google voice for another purpose , such as a sip service for an obihai appliance or as a voip system on your pc , you will encounter problems with voicemail not picking up . you will need to disable google voicemail on your phone , create a new google voice account , with a new number , and add your android phone to that account . then select " use google voicemail " and follow the instructions for your provider . ( if you use straight talk , select either t-mobile or at and t as your provider , depending on the sim you purchased from straight talk . ) the number on the new google voice account does not need to be used for anything other than voicemail - calls to your cell phone will be forwarded to the gv number after 4 rings , and since there is no voip device listening at that number on the new account , voicemail will pick up . you will need to log into the new account in the google voice app , and go through the setup wizard again .
answer copied from drake in can i sync firefox bookmarks with android ? xmarks premium allows to synchronize all bookmarks between different pcs ( supports chrome , firefox and more ) and different mobile phones/tablet ( android , iphone , blackberry ) for 12$/year . edit #1: if you are looking for a free alternative , you can try dolphin browser ( it is available for both android and blackberry ) . dolphin lets you sync bookmarks .
i fixed it ! turns out it was a bug with vfat support . i had to format my sd to exfat , but now it is working again .
i found now a solution myself : first , cat /etc/resolv.conf is not a valid way to display the used dns servers under android . use getprop net.dns1 instead . in my case the dns server was not the google server as set in /etc/resolv.conf , instead it was one of my isp which accepts only requests from ips in its network but my openvpn server is in another network . to solve this issue i just modified /system/etc/dhcpcd/dhcpcd-hooks/20-dns.conf a bit : that will force the phone to always use the google dns servers for all connections ( e . g . 3g , wifi , openvpn , . . . ) . i have tested that for a few weeks now and it works perfect .
yes , stock rom does not support other file systems but ext2 for the second partition . so create an ext2 partition . the location of the apps , once linked with link2sd will be from the root of the sytem : \ ( which is root ) sd-ext and there you will find some directories or app-files , depending on your link2sd settings . about the question for mounting / rebooting : i cannot answer that because i do not know . about the size of thee partition : when you connect your phone to your computer , and have minitool partition wizard installed , you should be able to create the partitions like you want it and with the size you want . but to be honest : 6gb for apps is an awfully lot . . . i think the tutorial just points out that you probably never will exceed the 2 gb that is mentioned and you can use the other 6gb for normal storage ( which also can be read by windows when you connect your phone to your computer ) i hope i answered your questions . . .
it depends on several things as matthew read mentions , the hardware , your location , and the other fiddly bits about actual communication are important to the discussion . but , you also need to consider what you are doing with the phone . are you retrieving largish amounts of data often ? if so , wifi may be less drain on the battery by letting you finish sooner - remember the screen drains power while you are waiting for 3g to finish what wifi may have finished much sooner . ( but that depends on what brightness level you have your phone set to . ) in short , set your phone up the way you like to use it , in the place you like to use it . then run the best test you can to see which uses more battery . keep everything as much the same during the tests as possible . ( know exactly which apps are running , plan what data to use , and time how long you use the data after it is retrieved . )
is colorised what you are looking for ? this is a demo , but there is also coloroid and color flood if you are still looking : )
no , performing a factory reset will not affect your hboot version . you should , however , be able to follow this guide instead ( which uses revolutionary ) . there is another page with instructions here which describes in a bit more detail what revolutionary does and where to go from there . the standard disclaimers with regards to possibly bricking your device apply , of course , and i can not guarantee 100% that it will work .
i asked htc what it is about and they responded with : the dcs utility services and components are the programs on your telephone that allow connection to the internet provided by your mobile carrier . it stands for data connection service . a little vague . it also cannot be removed , they told me . and as the sense ui was constantly crashing i decided to install cyaogenmod . best decision ever : not only is my data usage halved , the user interface is stable as a rock .
i just tested quickoffice pro and it will do this . it did not seem to ruin my existing google doc either .
these days , the google play store ( renamed android marketplace ) does in fact have review filtering based on the rating . just click on " user reviews " and the "5 stars " , "4 stars " titles for the bar graphic are now clickable , and clicking them displays only reviews with that rating . thanks , google !
assuming you are on a network that is available on the location you are going to , you could check the Automatic date and time setting under Date and time settings . that should update the time accordingly .
verified that this bug does indeed exist on the razr maxx hd ( running 4.1.1 )
the reason it does not work properly is this : the init.rc script resides in within the ramdisk attached to the boot image . hence the init.rc script that was edited and pushed across is now overwritten by the boot image 's own script upon reboot - effectively changes are lost ! you need to extract the boot image , using every boot image has the kernel and the ramdisk . the tools available to do this can be found here . extracting when invoking the script split_bootimg.pl on a boot image it will recreate the following : boot . kernel boot . ramdisk . gz the two files are obviously self-explanatory . to extract the ramdisk , create a directory called ramdisk and from that directory , invoke this : gzip -dc | cpio -i , to recreate the directory structure that is used in the ramdisk which gets flipped over to the live file-system upon boot . in there , the file that is of pertinent information is init.rc . now that can be modified to your heart 's content . putting it back together go back up a directory level , and issue this - mkbootfs ***RAMDisk*** | gzip &gt; my_custom_ramdisk.gz . then , to " attach " the original kernel to the boot image , issue the following : mkbootimg -base 0x.... -kernel boot.kernel -ramdisk my_custom_ramdisk.gz -o my_custom_boot.img . at this point now , a boot image has been constructed , then that boot image will now have to be flashed via fastboot flash boot my_custom_boot.img . tl ; dr changes are lost upon re-boot because the script is not properly edited which required extracting the boot image and modifying it and re-packing it . once re-packed and then the boot image is re-flashed , the changes will be permanent . this is done every-time the changes are needed .
clockworkmod is a custom recovery software . if you want to revert to the original rom , then you can download the official ics rom for nexus and flash ( install ) it if you donot have a backup taken previously of the phone . and afaik , you can still root your phone again on ics and then the phone will again be at your command ( you can even install custom apks ) . also you can try a file manager like , astro file manager which i personally have not used it but you can get it from marketplace and use it to install non-market apks by simply transferring the apk over usb to sd card and tap on the apk .
apparently , in the sdk the 7" form factor has the phone layout and tablet apps . the 10" form factor will still be tablet layout and tablet apps . i also heard that in 4.1 they expanded the functionality of the notification area so that notifications can do more ( e . g . reply to sms from notification area ) . i do not know how true that is though .
this is one of the reasons mtp was introduced for : independency of the file system format used " behind it " . you can compare it to using " standard sql " to retrieve data from a database via an odbc driver : your application does not need to know whether there is a mysql , oracle , postgresql , or whatever database behind it . as long as it sticks to standard sql commands , it simply works . similar issue with mtp . other than with using ums , your computer does not access the file-system directly , but uses a kind of " command layer " . on the android device , mtp then plays the role of our above odbc driver , translating everything to the underlying file system . so as long as your computer knows how to deal with mtp , you do not have to even think about what file system is used . it should simply work . but on the other hand , mtp has proven tricky sometimes : it requires extra drivers on windows , and does not work out of the box on macos or linux systems ( also extra installs and adjustments required here ) . so there are alternatives you might wish to take a look at for file transfer , such as using apps like airdroid , ftpserver , davdrive , or similar .
there is a one-way google-to-outlook sync built into outlook 2010 and 2013 , where you generate a link to your calendar via google calendar website , and then add the url to outlook as an internet calendar . this way any changes you make on google side get synchronized to outlook . step-by-step walk-through instructions are here : log into your google account , click on the apps launcher icon apps launcher icon and select calendar from the list of apps . hover over the needed calendar in the calendar list and click calendar settings . this will open the calendar details page . click the ICAL button and copy the calendar 's url . open your outlook and switch to calendar -> manage calendars ribbon group . click open calendar button and choose " from internet . . . " from the drop down list . paste your google calendar 's url and click ok . if you are looking to sync the other way , i.e. outlook-to-google , your options are much more limited . microsoft tells you how to perform a one-time transfer by exporting your outlook calendar and then importing the data into your google account . however , this is not a permanent solution , as it requires you to do this every time you make changes in outlook . google used to have a service called google sync which would perform a true two-way sync between your google account and outlook via a small application that you would install on your windows machine . unfortunately that service has been discontinued a while ago . it is still available for paid google accounts such as google apps for business , but not for free google accounts . in terms of 3rd-party applications , since you have already ruled out kies as unreliable , gsyncit comes highly recommended , but it is not free . it is a ms outlook add-in for your pc ( no android app required ) that allows a true 2-way sync of e-mail , calendar , contacts and tasks between outlook and a google account .
no you cannot . to do that , you need access to app ops from where you can disable certain operations on a per-app basis . there is no way to do this right now without rooting your device .
if you as a user experience such crashes , and want to help the developer to get them fixed , you can use tools such as alogcat ( free ) - logcat or bug reporter to catch a log of what happened : while alogcat allows you to restrict the log closer to the crash event ( by letting you define what to capture ) , bug reporter enables you to send other useful information along , such as device specifics and the like . edit : as liam pointed out correctly in his comment , due to permission changes in jelly bean ( 4.1 ) some of those log viewers where no longer able to see anything but their own log entries . if your device is rooted , the easiest way to get them working again is to convert them into system apps ( e . g . with titanium backup ) . if your android version is 4.0 . x or lower , you should not be affected by this .
i figured out why this is happening . the problem is due too a bug that most other android users are having running 2.3.5 and higher . it happens when more than 50 apps are installed on the sd card . to which it seems there is no work around for as of yet . so we are stuck atm .
that is decided by google , more precisely by the google play team . google today announced editor 's choice for android market , aimed to help you find the best applications on the android market . google 's also going to begin awarding the " top developer badge " to help show users who are the best , and most trustworthy apps . for consumers , it is a way to help find new apps . for developers , it is another way of promotion and to monetize .
are you perhaps using the volume control and going all the way to the " bottom " ? that turns on silent mode in my droid . are you hitting the wrong option on the menu when you hit the power button ? i am not familiar with the lg ally , so i do not know if they might have added an extra feature to make it easy to get into silent mode . did you check the manual ?
have you tried this guide from rootgalaxynote ? this answer is pending an edit . site is currently blocked at my location .
from your contact list , select the facebook contact that you would like to edit . click the menu button and choose edit contact . you will see an indication that the user is a facebook contact and may not be edited . now click the menu button again and choose new contact . this will create a new contact in your address book and merge the facebook profile information with that contact . you may now edit the contact to have additional details , such as a phone number .
i just downloaded caldav-sync beta and it took some fooling around , but seems to be working now .
you can try installing a different launcher app via the android market web interface . on your pc go to play store and sign in with the same google account as on your phone . find any home replacement app . click on the install button to send the app directly to your phone ( if you have several android devices you will need to select the phone . ) after a few minutes try unlocking your phone . it should ask you to select a launcher app , so pick the one you just installed , or the default one .
you can do either way . the safe method is to update and then root the phone . but you can also root and then install the ota update . but ota will fail if you have custom recovery modified any part of the system like removed bloat , xposed , etc still there is a post in xda to update ota with custom twrp recovery .
the issue is not with your device but with the wireless provider . that is the typical behavior when connecting to a defective hotspot , either over capacity or just a tad too far for a reliable connection . . . sadly there is nothing you can do about it . it happens a lot to bt hotspots in the uk , in london most of them are overloaded during working hours .
you have to go to the store where you bought it so they can have it checked . maybe the battery must not be totally drained . have them checked your phone since it still has warranty if you just bought it few months ago .
moon+ reader reads chm 's and almost anything
if you are running a stock rom , i suggest you root the phone ( the warranty 's way gone ) and upgrade it to cyanogenmod 4 ( android 1.6 ) or cyanogenmod 6 ( android 2.2 ) . battery life is very good on 4 ; 6 is more recent version of android -- however there are some additional hoops to jump through to get it installed . the first step in most dream rooting instructions is to downgrade it to a vulnerable version , so you will lose data stored on the phone . you might have luck with one of the " one-click root " programs but if you can not kill the " power options " dialog every few seconds , you may just need to flash it with the rc29 dreaimg . nbh .
root is only required if you are installing a system app within the confines of the android os . if you can flash your own rom , you can bypass any restrictions that the os has , because you are able to do anything you want with a custom bootloader before the os has a chance to load and restrict things . if you are creating a custom rom ( off-topic for this site ) , you can edit the rom on a desktop and flash it to the phone . you could simply flash a file using a custom recovery ( such as twrp or clockworkmod ) . if you are on a stock phone with a locked bootloader , you could always root your phone temporarily , remount system as read-write , add the application , then remove root . as far as updates go , as long as the application in the system directory is signed by your key , you should be able to update it ( root not required ) . you will need a way to get updates out , though . you could post in the google play store , use a 3rd party store ( such as amazon app store or f-droid ) , or have the user download the app and side-load it . if you also wrote the app in question , you could probably program a way to self-update as well ( also off-topic for this site ) .
i think you are saying you want the pc to be the host for the usb hub ( so that it can connect to your phone ) but for the phone to also be the host for the usb hub ( so that it can connect to this other device ) . no , that will not work . usb connections are based on a tree structure . given this : PC----Hub----OtherDevice | | Phone  Phone can not be the parent of OtherDevice unless it is also the parent of Hub and therefore the PC . you should connect the phone directly to the other device , and access the phone over the network from the pc as ryan says in his answer .
there is a known hardware issue with the htc g2 . mine used to be hung at a black screen randomly when i tried to turn the screen on and unlock it . if your warranty has not already expired , start the process to get a replacement . the replacement i got has not experienced any of those issues .
if you are talking about when your phone uploads to google+ automatically using the built-in instant upload , then you can just switch that off in the google+ notifications . in fact i think that you must have switched that on at some point because i am sure it was off by default for me . open the google+ app , press menu , select settings , press notification settings , and then scroll down to the photos category and take the tick out of " photos added from instant upload " . you will still get the red notification box at the top inside the google+ app , but will not get notified in the standard android notifications bar any more . the other notification settings are there too , if you want to tune any of the others .
there are two methods in order to factory reset your device : ( here is the source youtube video ) if your device is working but cant navigate or you got problems with screen . . then use the hardware method here -> follow the steps here : hold the volume up button with the power button and the home button , all at the same time , till you feel your phone vibrate . note : you can release the power button after the mobile vibrate . after the menu appears , use volume up and down to navigate to ' wipe data factory reset ' then select it by pressing the power button . then use the volume buttons again to select ' yes -- delete all user data ' and press the power button on it . now just wait tell it finish wiping , it will just wipe then the menu gets back again , after it gets back just select reboot the system . if your device is working and its display appears well , follow the the steps here : go to settings , backup and reset and select ' factory data reset ' . make sure that you made backup for your data . press on the ' reset device ' button appears at bottom of the screen . you will have to confirm your pin , enter your pin then go next . now confirm your decisions , if you want to factory reset your phone just press the delete all button .
the media scanner " indexes " the music , videos , images , etc on the sdcard so other apps do not have to scan the entire sdcard to know about them . another feature that uses this is the ringtones/notifications , if it does not scan , you will only be able to select the ringtones/notifications that are located on the device , not ones that are on the sdcard . you can prevent media scanner from indexing a specific folder by creating a file called " . nomedia " in the folder you want ignored . i do not believe that this file is recursive though , so if there are sub-folders , and you dont want them scanned , you would have to create it there too .
the problem here is that adb forwarding attaches itself to the local loopback interface ( 127.0.0.1 ) , and you have no forwarding from the lan interface ( 192.168.43.198 ) to the loopback interface . the method you can use to achieve this depends on your platform . i do not know what you could use in windows , but on linux you can use rinetd and on osx you can use ipfw linux : add the following lines to your /etc/rinetd.conf: # bindaddress bindport connectaddress connectport 192.168.43.198 40000 127.0.0.1 40000  then restart rinetd with service rinetd restart or /etc/init.d/rinetd restart . osx : ipfw add fwd 127.0.0.1,40000 tcp from any to 192.168.43.198 dst-port 40000 
you can open a telnet connection to the avd : telnet localhost 5554  then once connected : power capacity 100  or power status full  source : android developers : using the emulator
since you do not have a dialer app in the tablet , ali kabiri 's answer can not be directly used . but there is a way to get into a mode where you can enter these " service codes " . see this blog post for images . open the contacts app exit the initial setup if it pops up go to menu -> settings long-press the blank space in the bottom of the screen , in the middle ( see images in link ) a button called " enter service code " should appear tap the button to get a " dialer " enter the code *#*#73556673#*#* demo mode should now be deactivated !
an app like root firewall ( needs root ) should work . ☆ block internet access for any apps :
google now is guessing , based on where and when you spend your time . if it is wrong , simply edit it . once manually set it will not guess anymore .
answering your questions : the beta is still running http://beta.swype.com/ the beta is currently closed
by menu , i am assuming you are referring to the app drawer . i do not know if the stock samsung launcher gives you the ability to hide apps , but several 3rd party launchers offer that functionality . apex and nova both give you the ability to hide and create custom app groups in the drawer . there are free versions of both in the market with each offering a paid version with expanded functionality .
version 1.0.7 is significantly larger than previous versions . even after moving to the sd card i am showing 14.5mb taking up system storage . that'll account for your 2mb reduction in space . google generally has not allowed for their apps to be moved to the sd card , presumably so they can be sure widgets will work or other performance considerations . however , since this version weighs in at over 24mb i guess their hand was forced .
a backup never is a bad idea , so right after you get root access , you should : do a full nandroid backup ( which creates images of your partitions , so you always can revert to this state by simply restoring them ) use titanium backup to make a full backup of all your apps and their settings ( so you can re-install a selection when needed ) freezing does not remove anything , and it is fully revertible . i always recommend to first freeze a single app , then check for potential side-effects , and only remove it if there were none . titanium backup even offers to create a homescreen shortcut to freeze/unfreeze an app ( like a toggle : if frozen , the app gets unfrozen and vice-versa ) , which is nice for apps you rarely use but which always annoy you ( for me , this is google maps , which i need maybe 2-3 times a year but is running permanently in background -- so i freeze it when not needed , and simply unfreeze it when i need it ) . basically , freezing an app simply hides it away from all activities . i am not sure how that works technically , but i compare it with the " execution flag " of a unix/linux binary : if not set , the binary does not get executed . so no background services or any other activities from this app , though it is still installed . in short : freezing is the safe variant , as it easily can be undone . it also does not touch the apps data . removing an app is final : without a backup available , it is simply gone , including its data . additional ressources you might want to look up for this topic : unistall a system app without root ? how can i uninstall applications that are locked by phone vendor ? how to remove / disable the bloatware apps in the htc one x bye-bye , bloatware : disable system apps in android ice cream sandwich
am start -a android.intent.action.MAIN -c android.intent.category.HOME  more info about shell commands : an archived version of the androidwiki page
no , there is not . the official product website does not offer this as a feature , and i have tested with its little brother , the moga pro . incidentally , i have never noticed any lag or unresponsiveness when using a moga pro with a nexus 10 on 4.2 or 4.4.2 . perhaps your lag can be blamed on a specific app you are running ?
no , what matters for clarity is acuity , or the " number of pixels versus screen size versus viewing distance " . a 800x480 image shown on a 100" monitor seen 30 cm viewing distance would look awfully pixelated , while 480x320 screen on a 2" monitor seen at the same viewing distance would look very sharp . lg optimus s has a 480x320 pixels on a 3.2 inch screen ( i.e. . 2.66x1.78 inch screen ) . the pixel density of lg optimus s is ( 480/2.66 = 320/1.78 ) = 180 pixel per inch , iow the size of a single pixel is 1/180 inch . on a viewing distance of 20 cm ( the typical viewing distance for a phone ) , 180 pixel per inch translates to 0.04233 arcminute per pixels . for comparison , human eyes can resolve 0.3 arcminute in a good lighting condition . the extra resolution gives programs two options ; it can either use it to fit more stuff in the same area , or it could use higher resolution images and produce sharper display . home screens often do not do the first since it will make the icons smaller and more difficult to press , instead they calculate the amount of stuff to fit from the actual physical size of the screen instead of the resolution .
angry birds save data is stored to /data/data/com.rovio.angrybirds/files . i do not believe it is backed up to google . normally all that is backed up is your list of apps , certain settings , contacts , etc . so your wipe data would have erased it . i always use titanium backup to save my apps and their data . and when i do something risky like flash a beta rom that might wipe the phone storage , i back up titanium 's backup folder to my pc .
no , you do not have to reload or delete anything . however do make sure you take a nandroid backup before you install one of those kernels . you can potentially get into a reboot-loop that can only be broken by flashing another ( lower mhz ) kernel or restoring to a previous nandroid backup . i went from stock kernel to now running the ultra low voltage 800mhz chevyno1 kernel . i could not get it go any faster with ultra low voltage without a reboot-loop . basically you will start with the lowest processor speed kernel at a certain voltage and work your way up . so try ulv 800mhz , if it runs stable at 800mhz , try the 1ghz , then the 1.1ghz , etc . if you are wanting to conserve battery , then try the ulv kernel . if you are wanting processor speed , the lv kernel should be just fine . your mileage will vary because no two droid processors are made exactly a like ( because these kernels are going outside of the processor 's design specifications ) .
contact your hosted exchange provider to turn the push off . they are enforcing it . another way : turn your email notification off or set its ringtone ' silent ' . but , its inconvenient .
from command prompt you can enter the following command adb kill-server  and then try ejecting .
you should be able to go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications , find the launcher , and clear data for it . hopefully that will restore it to default .
i am on a custom rom using android 4.2.2 and i can change exactly that behaviour in system settings &gt; lock screen &gt; maximize widgets ( translated naming from german version ) ( i am using novalauncher if that matters )
yes , there is . the first one coming to mind ( forgive me , it looks like this is one of my standard answers here meanwhile ) is tasker , the most complete automation tool for android . it lets you define actions based on events ; so for your case , you could let the event hardware -> camera button pressed trigger the action " display off " . you want to turn it on again the same way -- so simply make it two " profiles " , and combine two events : " camera button pressed " and " state -> display : on " ( with the " task " to turn the display off ) , and with " display : off " the other way round . remark : there is a 7 day trial version available on the developers website , so you do not need to buy tasker straight away without being able to test it . as soon as you have got everything configured , export your configuration . so if after those 7 days you still cannot decide whether to buy , simply uninstall tasker , install it again , and import your configuration . before you hit me : that is what the developer himself wrote , so nothing illegal .
from the homescreen hit the menu button and select Settings . then select Applications , and then Manage applications . find the app you want to uninstall and select it , then clear the data associated with it by tapping Clear data and then tap Uninstall . voila ! edit : i actually just noticed this in amazon 's official help documentation for their appstore ( from june 14th , 2011 ) : . . . amazon tested to ensure the highest quality apps in our catalog , we take all submissions through a series of tests . in this process we screen the apps for known viruses and malware , test the app to check that it actually does what it claims to do , and test whether the app affects the stability of the other functions of your phone . these tests include ( but are not limited to ) : installation : the application installs and opens , upgrades can be installed and the application can be uninstalled by following the phone 's regular uninstall method . . . . ( italics added by me . ) clearly they intentionally left out an amazon appstore-native method of removing apps you have downloaded and installed from them .
depends entirely on how many contacts you have , how often they change , how often you set it to sync , etc . paying for data as you go is generally a bad idea with an android phone , they use a lot . you should be able to shut off 3g though ( probably dependent on the phone ) and just use wifi . although , it might be more difficult to prevent it from using 2g data . some phones let you use wifi while the phone is in airplane mode , which would shut off both 3g and 2g . android has the ability to store wifi credentials and connect automatically .
google contacts supports max . resolution of 98x98 apparently . hope they will fix this soon . anyway if you set high res . photos in the phone they will be displayed accordingly until you restore again your contacts from google servers .
for all that they have improved the facebook app for android lately , it is still woefully underpowered . i do not see any way to filter anything within the app .
you might wish to run adb logcat for investigation . but that might only be helpful if you know how to trigger the issue . another approach would be , as you already indicated : start with a factory reset . you know that with a " fresh device " the issue does not happen , as described by your question install back only a part of your apps ( the ones you feel most essential ) , but not more than ~50% . see if the issue still happens . yes : the problematic app was in this batch no : the problematic app was not in this batch start over at 1 . , this time with the other half . does the issue show up again ? if 2 . + 3 . are answered " no " , it might as well be a combination of apps . if the issue shows up only in either 2 . or 3 . ( but not in both cases ) , start narrowing down . i will assume here it was part of 3 . , switch items if it was the other way around : starting over with factory-reset and installing the first half of your apps . split the other half in two again , and repeat as above this procedure should help you finding the culprit , while still being able to use your device and as much of your apps as possible . of course , you could also start with factory-reset and then install each app one-by-one ( which might be the safer approach ) – but as the issue might not show up immediately ( may even take a day or more ) , the above might be more practical .
being aware it is not a full fledged solution but rather a work-around ( it is still unclear what is causing the underlying issue ) , this answer sums up what we figured being a work-around at least : as the files/directories do not show up the usual way via " sharing the sdcard " , they can still be accessed by other means . one example is using adb : using adb pull files can be transfered from the device to the computer , and with adb push in the other direction . examples : adb pull /sdcard/Sounds/ E:\audio\phone would take the entire folder /sdcard/Sounds and save it as E:\audio\phone on the computer adb push E:\audio\phone /sdcard/Sounds/ for the opposite culprit : types of " source " and " target " must match . if " source " is a file , " target " must be a file as well : adb pull /sdcard/Sounds/some.mp3 E:\audio\phone would fail as the source is a file and the target a directory . other draw-backs can be worked around as well : if you prefer a graphical solution over playing at the command line , there are several good guis available , e.g. qtadb droid explorer ( by our member ryan conrad ) and several more . as a side-effect of installing adb , you have got a powerful tool ready which will certainly help you with many other things ! for getting adb to work without installing the full sdk , please refer to is there a minimal installation of adb ? more adb related information can be found via our adb tag and its tag-wiki . alternatives include several " wifi file managers " , which are too many to be listed here . so if you rather want a " simple app installed " on your android device , and then do everything with your browser , you might wish to take a look at the following lists : manage your android device from your computer ftp server various file servers
it turned out , that when i set system language to russian , smart dialer adds russian letters . i used morelocale2 to add russian system language . and i had to use the " pm grant " trick to make morelocale2 work .
"100%" is not as straightforward a concept as you might think on android . have a read of this : http://phandroid.com/2010/12/25/your-smartphones-battery-gauge-is-lying-to-you-and-its-not-such-a-bad-thing/
you are correct : an app called tasker can do this . the feature you want to turn off/delay is called keyguard : turning this off disables the password/pin lock screen . so you could setup a task turning that off on the condition the screen is turned off , then wait 10 min , and re-activate it again . additionally , you might want to take a look at the secure settings addon for tasker , which gives you some more fine-grained options towards this ( and plenty of other benefits ) . using this addon , you could e.g. have your device require the pin/password unlock only once , and then not asking for it anymore ( useful e.g. at home ) .
lifehacker suggests an app called ssh tunnel : ssh tunnel is an app that allows an android phone to connect to the internet using an ssh tunnel for a completely secure connection . it is great for those times when you have got no data signal , stuck at work or a coffee shop that only has public wi-fi available , and you need to be sure that nobody is snooping your sensitive personal information as you connect to sites .
you are almost right . capacitive screens can detect anything that is conductive or has a dielectric difference to air . here 's a good wikipedia article about this . if you carry your phone in a pocket , you can easily activate the screen without noticing it . try this : put some cloth ( eg . jeans ) between your hand and the screen , now if you press it hard enough the touch will register . if a button is accidentally pressed while you slip it into your pocket and you have lockscreen disabled , it is that much easier for your butt to dial someone . and you do not want that do you ?
well , nobody seemed to be able to answer this question , so i went ahead and applied the update . overall , i am glad i did . i have not noticed any significant change in performance . i could take or leave most of the ui changes included in touchwiz , but there are a few things in the new ui that are very nice . one is that toggles for things like bluetooth , wifi , and auto-rotation are now immediately accessible in the notifications pop-up when you touch the notification tray . another nice thing is a dedicated screenshot button that appears next to the regular android buttons in the control bar at the bottom . press it at any time for an instant screenshot . i have not noticed that any features have been disabled . i do not have a 3g-capable tablet , so i do not know if the " portable wi-fi hotspot " functionality would be affected by the update . but everything else i have tried functions as it did before . also , an unexpected bonus to the upgrade is that samsung released a bunch of new apps bundled with the new ui , some of which are very useful . the ebooks app especially is nice for me , it reads epub and pdf files , and it formats epubs better and performs faster than some of the other apps i have tried ( like fbreader ) . there is also an app for making adjustments to photos , and a few others that i have not really used . the new touchwiz ui also includes a handful of mini-apps that can be launched from the android control bar at any time . these apps appear in small windows that float over whatever other apps you are running , and they can be moved around . none of these apps are really awesome , but some are useful . for example , you can bring up a mini-view of your calendar , a small music player , or a note pad you can type into or draw on , without leaving the app you were using before . it is kind of a neat idea , although i am glad this is not a standard android feature or there would be way too many apps written this way , and android would lose a lot of its ease-of-use .
it seems that it is hw issue . unfortunately it occurred at the same time as i upgraded to ics , but it is a hw issue .
you can that following these steps : select the image ( s ) you want to upload click on " copy " , it is in the lower bar , at left in another tab , open the folder where you want to upload your image ( s ) click on the clipoard icon at left click on " paste all "
google now has a device manager as part of google services where you can do a remote wipe : https://www.google.com/android/devicemanager at least put a pin lock on your device so that it will be harder to access . do not enable developer options / keep adb on all the time .
make sure you are making the second partition primary . both partitions need to be primary , just because it is the second one it still is primary .
the only tethering methods currently supported on blackberry services are via usb and bluetooth , and even then the only supported method relies on the blackberry desktop software . they do not currently support any wifi tethering or wifi hotspot functionality . i am not aware of any third party software for wifi tethering either , unfortunately . now if you had a froyo android phone you had have no problem :- )
the app has to support moving to the sd card . the feature should be in android 2.2+ . your phone does not have to be rooted in order to do it .
i have followed this guide and my phone is now unlocked . i would not recommend it for a beginner user , because it involves pretty advanced commands and procedures , and uses roms and tools from untrusted sources . proceed at your own risk ! the performed steps were basically : create a complete nandroid backup on the sd card . google for a stock rom for the specific phone model i owned , and the specific carrier that it is locked to . i found one on a random forum . this is not recommended for obvious security reasons , but i was desperate . if your carrier provides an official stock rom , i definitely recommend you prefer using it . googled for the adb drivers for my phone model . in this case , the motorola drivers worked fine . connected the phone to my computer and flashed the stock rom . in my case , this actually downgraded my phone from android 4.0.4 to 2.3.3 and unrooted it . performed the unlock procedure using the unlock code i had . rooted my phone again , and installed a new recovery menu applied the nandroid backup from the recovery menu . result : phone is back as it was before , but unlocked .
it seems that the messaging app has its own contacts app , with no way to configure it . how about using 3rd party alternatives ? i use go sms pro as replacement for the messaging app , and go contacts ex as replacement for the contacts app . with this combination , you can hide the sim contacts .
holding Power + Vol Up for 10 seconds or so will reboot the phone into recovery . from recovery , i already have the option selected to reboot phone , so i can press the power button again . not sure what users can do if they do not have clockwork recovery .
i just did this , and it works . go into Settings &gt; Applications &gt; Manage applications &gt; All &gt; Market then clear data , and cache . i had to reboot the phone after . but once it reboots , go into the market , and the music section should be there .
[SMS/MMS/APN] Dialer Storage 2.2 .
the hacked apk from here works : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=18058380postcount=147
i have rooted my sgs with z4root and it was a very smooth process ! i can highly recommend z4root ! and while you are at it , continue with installing one click lag fix to make your sgs lag a lot less ! i did it , and have not looked back since . oclf is made by the same guy who made z4root , but for some weird reason , oclf can , by itself , only root pre-froyo phones . but that is not a big problem , you just need 2 apps instead of one : )
i use ftpserver ( http://www.appbrain.com/app/ftpserver/lutey.ftpserver ) to browse and copy files to and from my phone over wifi . on ubuntu you can connect to an ftp server and browse it as if it is a directory .
you will need an app like tasker than can assign actions with activity launches . action com.google.android.finsky.VIEW_MY_DOWNLOADS package com.android.vending class com.google.android.finsky.activities.MainActivity you can use qcustomshortcut to create this shortcut ! i tried several different shortcut creators with no luck , but this one actually works . use the above information and you will be set !
tasker can switch on/off the lock screen and can trigger events based on the orientation of your phone . so you could set up an event in tasker that enabled the lock screen when your phone is oriented vertically but upside down , then always place your phone in your pocket that way up .
this mechanism is described at the android developers site as follows : zipalign is an archive alignment tool that provides important optimization to android application ( . apk ) files . the purpose is to ensure that all uncompressed data starts with a particular alignment relative to the start of the file . specifically , it causes all uncompressed data within the . apk , such as images or raw files , to be aligned on 4-byte boundaries . this allows all portions to be accessed directly with mmap ( ) even if they contain binary data with alignment restrictions . the benefit is a reduction in the amount of ram consumed when running the application . in short : .apk content can be easier/faster/more optimal accessed due to the order of data inside the packed file . for deeper information , there is a " complete guide " available at addictivetips : what is zipalign in android and how to make apps zipaligned , which answers the second part of your question : quite understandably , situation would be reserved for unaligned application packages . resource reading would be slow and memory usage would be on the higher end of the spectrum . it would also depend on how many unaligned applications are present . for example , if less number of applications with an unaligned home application , you’d see slower application launch times . this is the best case scenario . for a worst case scenario , having a number of unaligned applications will result in the system repeatedly starting and killing processes , struggling with lags and huge battery drain .
the images come from your gmail contacts so you would need to create a contact for the " the nudge " and assign a picture to it . to easily create a new contact for that email , open it up and click the icon next to the name . you should then be prompted to " add to contacts ? " .
as a power-saving strategy , radio chipsets can sleep -- meaning they stop actively listening for a wi-fi network to connect to -- when they are out of range of any network , and will wake up to search for a network once every few minutes . it may simply be that the radio on your android is doing this , and that you have not waited long enough for it to wake up once you come back in range of a wi-fi network . a quick search tells me there is a powersave disabled setting in the wi-fi settings on the archos that might help .
i finally figured out how to fix this . what i did i did a double factory reset : nothing happened . downgraded to android 4.2.2: nothing happened . downgraded to android 4.1.2: nothing happened . upgraded to android 4.3: nothing happened . factory reset : gallery appeared ! upgraded to android 4.4.2: gallery did not disappear !
it is the most frequently used apps while the earphones are plugged in . just open the app you want to show up 4 or 5 times in a row while the page buddy is active ( earphones plugged in ) and it will show up in the recommended apps . repeat for the next 3 apps you want to show . there is usually 4 recommended apps . this goes for all of the page buddy pages , earphones , docking , roaming , and spen ( on supported devices ) .
install a sensor app like androsens or androsensor . they both are able to show you the proximity information . note : the sensor only distinguishes between near and far proximity ( 0-5cm and > =5cm usually ) . it is ok that you will not get accurate distance measurements .
click on the handle ( a solid dot ) on the right side of the red horizontal line above the orange line , and drag it down to 500mb . that adjusts the scale of the graph . look for the lime green arrow at right to see the handle .
the game 's creators did not take right precautions for the version of android i have and it ran into some issues . unfortunately , it is not recoverable with format ; the problem is not obvious at first sight though .
for galaxy nexus these are different builds : takju : devices sold through the play store in the us . contains the google wallet aplication . yakju : devices sold through google outside the us . yakjuxw : devices sold by samsung . if you buy yakjuxw i would recommend that you update to yakju with factory images provided by google . this way you will get the updates in time . i was not aware that there are similar builds for the nexus 7 .
your mention of ' reset ' is a little unclear , if it is : you did a reboot and it is still broken : it might be broken settings , but that is not easy to debug and fix manually backup via recovery first ! do a wipe dalvik cache via recovery else , reinstall your current rom and google apps , maybe this helps see what adb logcat outputs during boot/runtime , maybe this sheds some light ( hacky , via adb shell ) you can also forcibly rename /system/app/phone . apk to phone . apk . off and reboot , then do a backup of all needed stuff and then reinstall your rom and gapps if all that does not help , consider wiping . titanium backup pro allows extracting backups from your saved nandroid dump ( from step 1 ) fully wiped and still not better : has to be something different than settings , either a faulty rom or a hardware issue backup via recovery first ! install cm7.2 ( see last sentence ) , wipe cache and dalvik cache via recovery ps : cm7.2 is out since june 16 , 2012 .
i had trouble downloading the latest update . what i did was from the list of applications in the market , i did a long press and cancel download . after that i was able to select it and download it successfully .
i have not seen this particular issue before , but kevin purdy 's " holy trinity " of steps to take with apps that just are not working properly is : from settings | applications | manage applications | &lt ; application&gt ; force stop if that does not help clear cache if that does not help clear data and if that still does not help , try the nuclear option : uninstall and re-install
another fool-proof method ( no need to worry about having a specific backup app ) is to grab the game 's data directly . the data for all user-installed apps can be found in /data/data/*package name* . this will be all settings , saves , and anything else . just browse into there and copy the relevant directories to somewhere safe and put them back when you are done flashing and have reinstalled the app and run it at least once . yet another way , which will work without root , is you do the same as above , but using adb . turn on usb debugging , connect up to your computer , and run adb pull /data/data/*package name* C:\where\you\want\the\files . then once you are done with your rom flashing and have reinstalled the apps , do adb push C:\where\you\put\the\files /data/data/*package name* , or if you now have root with your custom rom , just copy the directories you pulled to the sd card and put them back in /data/data on the device .
have you made sure that your " music volume " is actually turned up ? only then you will be able to hear the talk-back . to make sure it is , go to the stock music app , hit the " volume up " key on your phone a few times , then go back to google voice search and try again .
create a dummy apn and select that as default . with this , even if you enable data accidentally via toggles , it would still not connect . ps : added as an answer as suggested by op
two things are important here : 1 . ) even if you would not install clockworkmod , you had lose your warranty since you replaced the pre-loaded operating system with unsupported one . 2 . ) clockworkmod ( or any other alternative recovery ) is what actually installs cyanogenmod on your phone so it is required . in short : replacing your phone os with cyanogen will void your warranty in any case . you will need some way of installing cm and clockwork is probably the easiest around .
you can obtain the apks for flash for all versions of android directly from adobe in their old version archives . http://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/archived-flash-player-versions.html scroll down a bit and you will find " flash player for android 4.0 archives " and " flash player for android 2 . x and 3 . x archives " . these include the last versions of each released before abode dropped flash for android .
yes , you actually can do this . it is kind of kludgy looking when you inspect the clipboard , but it works just fine . first off , you can inspect the current clipboard contents with service call clipboard 1 from an adb shell ( or , without shelling in first , adb shell service call clipboard 1 ) . it may start out initially blank after a reboot , for example : you can put text into the clipboard using service call clipboard 2 , which basically takes 3 parameters - two ints and the string you want to put on the clipboard : # service call clipboard 2 i32 1 i32 0 s16 "Hi there" Result: Parcel(00000000 '....')  to be honest , i am not sure what the first two parameters are . one answer on stack overflow has suggested the first int is " number of items in the parcel " ( one in this case ) and that the second is the length of the string . however , i have used 0 for the second parameter and it works fine , and i can not find any documentation that matches up with this particular function . . . so take that for what it is worth . in any case , it is basically creating a parcel object with 3 fields , then passing it into the clipboard . the clipboard then unpacks the parcel and sets the string value passed in as the clipboard 's contents . you can see this when you go to retrieve the value afterwards : similarly , if you long-press on a text entry field and hit " paste " after doing this , you will get the text that was set via the call service clipboard 2 line above ( and it will look completely normal ) . ( the above examples come from my htc evo , running cyanogenmod 7 )
i am pretty certain the wifi drains more when scanning than when actively connected to a network . so when you are not going to use wifi , it is better to turn it off and use cell network ( which you will be using anyways while not actively connected to a wifi ) .
the icon that is displayed on the action bar is called a favicon . it is a low resolution ( usually 16x16 ) icon made to be displayed next to the name in a bookmark bar . android understandably does not use this as it would look hideous on your homescreen . for a website 's icon to show up they need to add another icon : the apple-touch-icon . this one was meant to be used as an icon on the homescreen . originally for idevices , but android adapted it . unfortunately i am not aware of a way to add an icon yourself if the site does not supply it .
i do not know what your app did , but i find it strange that it is no longer booting . i would suggest trying to get your device in to recovery mode . i have never done this on a non-rooted device so i am not 100% sure you can do a factory reset from the " stock recovery " . but i know you can do it on a rooted device . i found these steps , but again , i am not sure if this pertains to only rooted devices . turn your desire off , now hold the volume down and power button in to boot into hboot . now use the volume button to navigate to boot recovery and select it by pressing the trackpad button .
first , look at which apps are runnng ( including services ) . then use titanium backup to freeze on of those apps ( exclude regular system apps/services , unless you have determined nothing else is the culprit ) and see if your problem stops . if you have not found the offender , un-freeze and try another .
i have been using my galaxy nexus with kubuntu 12.04 and 12.10 and have not needed to use a specific eject command . saying that , here are instructions which will let you mount and dismount your galaxy nexus safely . with this method you can safely mount/dismount and you should still be able to use adb to pull and push files to/from your device . ( source ) : connecting your ice cream sandwich phone or tablet to ubuntu for file access before you begin , try plugging your phone in and see if it works straight away . at the time of writing , the only official android ice cream sandwich phone is the galaxy nexus , and mine doesn’t work . but future ics phones might work , depending on whether they have an sd card slot or not , and whether they support exporting the card as usb mass storage . if it works , you should be good to go . first up , install the necessary tools : sudo apt-get install mtp-tools mtpfs  now , connect your galaxy nexus to your computer . on your phone , open up the notification drawer , and click on “usb connection type” . make sure that mtp is selected . then , run these commands : mtp-detect | grep idVendor mtp-detect | grep idProduct  you shall get an output like this : note down the numbers written in front of idvendor and idproduct , you’ll need those later on . now , run this commands : gksu gedit /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules  a gedit window should open up . type this text in it , all in a single line : SUBSYSTEM==\u201dusb\u201d, ATTR{idVendor}==\u201dVENDORID\u201d, ATTR{idProduct}==\u201dPRODUCTID\u201d, MODE=\u201d0666\u2033  replace vendorid with the idvendor you had noted down earlier . similarly , replace productid with the idproduct you had noted down . in my case , they were 04e8 and 685c respectively , but they might have been different for you . also , remember to re-type the quotes in the line after you’ve copied and pasted it , otherwise udev may output an error . if you’re in doubt , you can copy the same line from this pastebin instead and then replace productid and vendorid as needed . save and close the file . then , disconnect your phone and run these commands : sudo service udev restart sudo mkdir /media/GalaxyNexus sudo chmod a+rwx /media/GalaxyNexus sudo adduser YOURUSERNAME fuse  replace yourusername with your ubuntu user name . now , run this command : gksu gedit /etc/fuse.conf  in the gedit window , remove the # at the beginning of the last line ( the one that begins with “#user_allow_other” ) like this : you’re almost done ! now , restart your computer , and then run these three commands : again , do re-type the quotes in each command after you’ve copied , otherwise the command won’t work . connect your phone again , and then make sure your phone is using mtp , then run this command : android-connect  voila ! you can now browse your android phone contents using nautilus . just fire up the file manager , and then in the side bar click galaxynexus to browse your phone contents just like you would do with a usb stick . you can also add , remove and modify files just like a normal file system . you might have noticed that you cannot use the nautilus eject icon to disconnect the phone . instead , to safely remove the phone , just run the command : android-disconnect  from now onward , you just need to run android-connect to mount your phone and then android-disconnect to safely remove your phone . everything else should be handled automatically . i tried many ways of getting the mount and unmount to happen automatically on cable connect , but this was the best solution i could come up with . these two commands won’t require root permissions to run . all users who are members of the fuse user group should be able to run these commands without root access .
the web market and the honeycomb tablet market app now have a whole set of pages listing the " top x apps " for a whole set of definitions of " top " . i can not see any way to get to all of these categories in the current gingerbread phone version of the market app , presumably they have less screen room to show all of these different views . here are some direct links to the web market 's pages , if you are on a tablet most of these should show up as links on the market app 's home page : apps top free apps top paid apps top grossing apps ( see this question regarding confusion over what defines " top grossing" ) top new free apps top new paid apps games top free games top paid games top grossing games top new free games top new paid games apps and games combined editors ' choice trending apps to directly answer your question i would guess that most of the " famous " and " must-have " apps and games would show up in the " trending " and " editors ' choice " areas .
( edit ) this answer is only really helpful for unlocked tablets . . look after this paragraph if that is already the case . otherwise read on . " fastboot oem unlock " also does a factory reset , you need to have it unlocked before you need it , alas . this is both good for privacy and bad for recovery from half-bricked devices . . . the factory reset does in fact a secure erase which nullifies all your data . according to android : building for devices : $ fastboot oem unlock the procedure must be confirmed on-screen , and deletes the user data for privacy reasons . it only needs to be run once . ( end edit ) you can boot a temporary custom recovery and create a backup of your device . it should also be possible to wipe it afterwards and recover from your problem without having to send it back at all ( provided it is not a hardware issue ) . steps : install the sdk ( if not already done ) and have working adb + fastboot executables ready download a cwm recovery image from here unlock your nexus 7 's bootloader : fastboot oem unlock here 's how to enter the fastboot mode ( the nexus 7 's codename is grouper ) : press power for a second , and press volume down when the bootloader logo appears boot into a temporary cwm recovery : fastboot boot recovery-clockwork-6.0.1.0-grouper.img create a nandroid/cwm backup from your broken installation ( backup and restore-> backup ) after the backup is complete , try to pull all data from your device : adb shell mount ( should list something like /dev/block/mmcblk0p1 on /sdcard or so ( not really sure however ) adb pull /sdcard backup/ ( replace /sdcard with the above noticed directory , this should extract all your data to backup/ ) check if everything is transmitted correctly ) you can buy titaniumbackup+prokey afterwards ( it allows extracting data from nandroid backups quite easily ) if that fails you can alternatively leech everything manually with adb : i assume you use linux . . final step : if you are really sure that you got all your data back , boot back into the cwm recovery ( see step above ) and issue a wipe data/factory reset command . then reboot and re-setup your tablet ( hopefully you do not have a hardware issue ) . optional step : relock your bootloader via fastboot oem lock
can you download another home launcher like launcherpro ( i highly recommend it ) and see if the widgets also do not work there ? it could be a problem with the launcher you are using ( adw or launcher2 ) . or you could re-flash cm6 with the other launcher than the one you chose . if these are the official twitter/facebook app widgets , then i doubt it is because of htc sense no longer being available . additionally it sounds like you are running a test build of cm6 , so it may be a bug . check out their forums to see if anyone else has your problem or to report the issue .
check the microphone . can you record yourself with the voice recorder app ? if not , i would suspect you damaged it somehow .
here is what i ended up doing , it works well : on your computer 's firefox , install the gmaptogpx bookmarklet . prepare your itinerary with google maps itinerary . while still on the google maps page , click on the gmaptogpx bookmarklet . it opens a gpx conversion dialog . click on the blue tab buttons to make them read like this : " route track points about " . it will not work otherwise . copy-paste the xml text in a new file , for instance myitinerary . gpx on android , install maverick . copy your gpx file to /sdcard/maverick in maverick , select the track file scroll your way along the route at appropriate zoom levels to store the tiles in the cache . the free version of maverick allows 3 tracks files .
i had a problem with a secondary calendar which sounds similar . on edit the time zone changed . i went into the calendar and made sure all of them were set to my time zone . each calendar has changeable time zone on google calendars .
gameloft has been reluctant to publish on android market because of their own drm policies , but lately they have been changing their stance and putting more of their games on android market . ea has plenty of titles up for sale as well ( in europe , see ea netherlands ) . some other big names like id software and epic have mentioned a strong possibility of bringing ports to the likes of rage and unreal engine to android some time in the future as well . and then of course , there is zynga , if you are not getting enough spam from their apps on facebook .
it is not possible to get it in english . you will always get the text as it is " locally " . it is also a known annoyance .
after checking this on a samsung galaxy s 3 , a nexus 7 , and a nexus 10 , with several different keyboard apps , i could not see a similar issue , so i suspect this problem is specific to that model of phone . perhaps htc skimped on the touchscreen for this device , or did a poor job with the touchscreen integration . if that is it , there is probably nothing you can do but hope that a software update will fix the problem . alternatively , it could be a problem with that particular phone . try giving the touchscreen a wipe with a damp cloth . try to get access to another phone of the same model and check if it has the same problem : if it is only your phone , you should take it back to the shop and have them fix it .
a permanently unlocked boot loader ( bl ) on a nexus device is a big security risk . it is only recommended for a pure developer phone . an insecure bl enables all sorts of fastboot commands that can be used for e.g. doing the following : conduct a cold boot attack to recover the key for android 's full disk encryption make a copy of the device e.g. by booting a custom image ( adb boot boot . img ) , then copying partition dumps erase data using fastboot erase flash arbitrary android firmware , recovery images or radio firmware fastboot flash radio|recovery|boot| . . . install a root kit ( boot custom recovery , then modify system files ) steal google/facebook/whatever accounts stored on the phone etc . in case someone has their device encrypted , full access is not immediately possible . however there exists cracking software to brute force the used encryption pin/passphrase . altering the firmware is always possible ( i.e. . an evil maid attack , aka . installing a rootkit/password logger/etc . ) this is the normal process of modding a nexus device : unlock the bootloader ( fastboot oem unlock ) boot/install insecure/open custom recovery install custom firmware to secure your modded device you should do this afterwards : install a safe recovery image again ( custom recoveries like twrp/cwm are unsafe ) use the extracted recovery . img from google 's factory firmware file , available here relock the bootloader ( fastboot oem lock ) this breaks the usual update mechanisms like rommanager . in case you need to upgrade , you can run flash_image recovery recovery . img ( as root on the regular android os , it bypasses the bl lock ) to install a temporary custom recovery again and use this once to upgrade the firmware and then remove the custom recovery again by doing a flash_image recovery stock . img . i know , this is not very user friendly right now , but let 's hope the situation improves at the custom recovery front . some background on what is possible : http://hak5.org/episodes/hak5-1205 and http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=um2_cpuzq0o
in the end , it turned out it was working for the original usb cable , while the generic usb cable did not allow data connection , only charging . for the original cable , the problem disappeared on its own , and i do not know what caused it , or what caused it to disappear .
like on any os , although the app code itself is isolated in its own process container , it is possible for the app to trigger problems in the os itself or in the hardware . for example , if the crash you are seeing is caused by a hardware problem such as a damaged heatsink , then any heavy workload will make the hardware fail , and there is not much the os can do to stop that . the least reliable part of most operating systems is the drivers , so if there is a bug in ( say ) the gpu driver , that could make the kernel hang regardless of which process caused the situation that triggered the bug .
go to Settings -&gt; Security -&gt; Screen lock , enter the pin once more and select Slide ( or what ever you had before ) .
i did some tests , and turns out that the contacts are grayed when your phone 's app is not able to communicate with google talk servers . this is also the behavior when using google talk on other systems , or even from google web pages , like google+ . you did not noticed this before , most likely because you never had a communication issue with their server , witch is good . i have my grayed contacts all the time : (
P5110 is the galaxy tab 2 while P7510 is the original . the difference is that the newer ships with ics and has a different soc along with a slightly larger battery , while it is a lightly ticker . the P7510 came out almost a year ago . if you want future software upgrades the P5110 is a safer bet . see that datasheets for more info .
you can add widgets to your home screen if your phone supports . you can also try widgets from play store like 2g-3g switch data on or off
it is unlikely that any twitter app offers a way to do this . in general , intents are used to start an action that requires user interaction to complete , or at the very least ask you for confirmation . if an app offered a way to send a tweet automatically via an intent , it would also have to require the app sending the intent ( llama in this case ) to have a permission created by the app handling the intent ( the twitter app ) . otherwise , any app on the phone could send tweets without your knowledge or permission . llama would have to be written to ask for this permission , and since it is not , it would not be allowed to send the intent anyway . alternatively , it would be possible for the twitter app to offer such an intent , but ignore the intent unless it was sent by llama ( or better yet , using a configurable list of allowed apps ) . this is how many apps ' tasker integrations work . since this is a pretty niche need , i do not know whether you had be able to find an app that works this way . you might find that there is an app written this way specifically to act as a llama plugin .
if you see " join latitude " then your latitude options are already " off " . if you also now see " location sharing is not turned on " , then your account is not set up to share the location information and it will not be sharing the information . if you do not already , turn off wifi and gps when you are not using them , mpas will be less likely to try and get " pin point " information if you do not have these running .
the root permission exists inside the recovery , but not in the normal system , you need to root it in there . there is usually , two partitions recovery and system , as the op indicated , was booted into the cwm recovery which resides on recovery hence is rooted , but not the normal android system .
you have multiple options to solve this : go to settings-> apps , scroll to skype , open it , and hit the " clear defaults " button if that for some reason does not work : simply install some other voip app , try to call a person again ( now you should be able to chose ) , hangup , and remove the other voip app again try default app manager lite , defaultapp reset , or similar apps to reset single default actions chuck-norris-mode : try clear default app for action to reset all default actions last ressort : uninstall and re-install skype all above solutions should reset the default app selected . besides : same procedure works for multiple web browsers , home screen replacements ( launchers ) , image viewers . . .
we had similar issues in our office router which had expired security certificate resulting in denial of https urls . when we updated our certificate this issue was solved . i guess your issue should be similar . i stumbled on a web page that claims the solution . but looking at the solution i very much doubt its worth .
the answer is not to copy to the directory named usbStorage . probably , just for galaxy s2 . create new directory named Media in / and move your music in it . then , reboot ( optional ) .
got same problem . here 's a fix . go to the advanced settings by typing " about:config " in the url string , filter settings by " font " substring and change the values of font names corresponding to your codepage from " sans . . . " ( not mono ) to " roboto " . restart firefox
as mentioned in comments , when you tap some text to set the insertion point you should get a blue indicator " tab " just below where the cursor has been placed . it is usually then fairly easy to drag this " tab " ( and corresponding cursor ) a couple of characters to the correct position . unfortunately , unlike some other keyboards , the stock android keyboard does not have arrow keys .
if the dustbin animation is shown the voice note probably is deleted . or you can check all the saved voice notes on the sd card . the path is Whatsapp/Media/Whatsapp Voice
that is a known bug with kitkat , not only affecting the nexus but other devices as well . we discussed that on chat lately . a work-around is using an app like appchooser , which replaces the share menu . as a side-effect , it even gives you several improvements above the built-in share menu , as e.g. the possibility to chose between grid and list display , or have the list sorted alphabetically versus last-used ( where the latter would have your most frequently used share-targets always on top ) . you can even hide apps you do not want to see in the share menu ( and make them visible via the " show all " button ) . appchoser ( source : google play ) the only alternative i know of is andmade share , which offers comparable features .
i reconfigured the router to resolve the problem . the settings that work include : g rather than the other options being b and g/n . this looks like the setting for the suffix on 802.11 . wpa-personal aes of course other settings may also work and might be more secure but i did not try them .
Settings - Account and Sync - &lt;your exchange account&gt;' - Account settings - (scroll down) Incoming settings' - password field . on my samsung galaxy s - running froyo 2.2.1
short answer : no . explanation : this action would involve multiple steps : re-mount /system read-write write the hosts file to /system/etc/hosts re-mount /system read-only each of the step requires root permissions , as the file belongs to system:system and usually is read-only to other " users " .
if you mean that thingy in the notification bar that upon touching let 's you chose your desired mode -- that is still there with launcher pro as it has nothing to do with sense and launcher pro has nothing to do with your notification area ( unless of course you decide to disable it )
lockscreen calendar is a fairly lightweight app to display your next few upcoming events on your lockscreen . unfortunately , it does not currently support recurring events .
as far as i know , it breaks down into this : other : this is ram that is unavailable right now because it is in use by services that are actually running ( it might be ones that can not be killed , in fact ) . using your example , there is 78 mb of ram in use by 4 processes , hence "78 in 4" . avail : the first number here is the amount of ram that is completely free and not allocated to any process ( the 109 mb in your example ) . the second number is allocated but the process is in a state where it can be deallocated . thus , "58 mb in 8" means there are 8 processes that are currently holding 58 mb of memory , but they are paused/frozen in the background and that 58 mb can be reclaimed by the os if an active process needs it . edit : as jake pointed out in the comment below , you can find a description in this entry on the android developers blog ( scroll all the way to the bottom ) .
summed-up solution from above comments : you can use a filtering proxy like e.g. filterproxy , which lets you define what urls should be blocked . to prevent other users from simply disabling the proxy then , you could protect it using an app locker like e.g. app lock .
app updates notification can come from the app themselves , but most commonly they come from the play store . play store will notify you for any updates to system apps ( i.e. . apps that originally comes with the phone ) and apps that are installed through the play store ; it will not notify you about updates to side-loaded apps our apps installed by third party market . third party market may also have their own update notification mechanism ; which is completely unrelated to the play store update mechanism . they may or may not provide update to system apps , although most do not . amazon app market for example also provide updates notification . note that update notification on third party market depends on the app developer updating the app on the third party market , some developers might update their app on play but not on third party market or vice versa for various reasons .
maybe not exactly what you had in mind , but coming close : there are several clipboard-action apps available which might come close to that . i did not try them , so no guarantees – but their descriptions are promising they can do that . two examples would be : speaklip auto speak clipboard 2 hopefully one of them proves helpful to you . good luck !
i solved this by reinstalling the store update ( i.e. . switching it back to the basic market app and let it update again )
i transferred the cm9 files with dropbox and flashed . the issue did not persist after flashing .
the reason the pictures remains visible in the gallery is because the android 's mediascanner is a bit weak in this regard . what happens is this - when android boots up , it runs the mediascanner , which goes off and checks all the images , ringtones , audio to sum up , and keeps tab on it . this is only done once on boot . you can get around this , by unmounting the sd card , do this safely ( settings > storage > unmount sd card ) this will take a few seconds , once its unmounted , you can pop out the sd card , pop it back in again , this in turn will force the mediascanner to run again , and then all the images that you have deleted are no longer there in the gallery . mediascanner is a service that acts as a caching service in that it caches all media ( images/audio ) . on some roms , there is a facility to force it to run again without having to do the above .
if you have windows pc try this . back up any data in sd card and save it in pc . insert your sd card in any card reader and insert in pc press Windows Key + R and the run dialog should popup . type in diskpart and hit enter . once diskpart comes up , type list disk . ( this will show you all the disks that are attached to the system . you will want to note the number of the one that is your sd card/flash drive . you should be able to distinguish it based on it is small size compared to your hard disks . ) select the sd card by typing select disk number ( eg:select disk 2 ) type list part and it will show you what partitions are already on the disk . next to remove all the partitions from the disk just type clean . afterwards type list part and the console should say that there are now no partitions on the disk . ( if you need more than one partition goto step 8 ) type create partition primary and this will create a new partition that fills the available space on the disk . you can type list part to confirm that the new partition has been created . goto step 11 if you want it a particular size add the size parameter size=20 eg : create partition primary size=100 ( with the size in mbs ) select the new partition select partition 1 ( you can list partition using list partition command ) now format it to fat32 format FS=Fat32 label="SDCARD" repeat 8,9,10 to create more partition ( you can use exfat instead of fat32 if you have more than 4gb sdcard , you can omit the label part if not needed ) thats it now you can close diskpart and eject the sd card and insert in your android
it is a froyo rom , according to comments i have read around xda . a custom froyo rom based on jpa blog entry detailing the european froyo update rollout , references jpa
uninstall setcpu and adfree if you do not want to use them . beyond that , you should do a factory reset to erase your data and apps -- if the rom/os is vanilla , then that should be the only thing different from how your phone came in the box .
i installed the disk info app and in the options , i enabled expert mode and unmounted partitions . it does not say " swap " , but it shows clearly that it is the only other partition on the sd card and it is the right size , so /dev/block/mmcblk1p2 must be the one : swapper 2 is configured to use /dev/block/mmcblk0p3 by default , so i am glad i did not go with the default .
so it turns out that there is no other way than to do it manually , and it is not difficult at all : ) get myphoneexplorer ( i am sure you can do it using the phone portal too , but myphoneexplorer is just so convenient : ) go to the contact tab , right click on any contact , click on export/import , export all contacts , and select the csv format check that the csv file is ok opening it in excel for example open gmail , go to the contacts link and click on import , select the csv file and import now return to the phone explorer , and delete all your contacts click on android 's settings - accounts , click on the gmail account and click on synchronize contacts . all your contacts are restored to your phone , but now they are linked in gmail .
use one of those : <code> cat /proc/mounts mount # free disk space of mounted fs ' df # this shows you available devices cat /proc/partitions </code> ps : lines containing asec are moved-to-sdcard apps ( it is each an encrypted volume per app for security reasons )
in Settings-&gt;Accounts and Sync-&gt;Your Google Account make sure google photos is selected this is in Settings-&gt;Google in 4 . x . edit : i just checked , and reinstalling the google+ all fixed this . uninstall the app , then install it again . you then need to go into the settings menu and enable instant upload .
have you tried using an alternative sms app ? handcent is very popular . it has always notified me of a new sms even with the message still open . edit : if you do not want to switch sms apps , you can also use sms popup .
es file explorer has support for several cloud storage providers . it allows to " copy " folders from your dropbox folder to your sd-card etc in a similar fashion as you would copy files locally . the " network " tab allows you to add an account .
the recent applications list show only what applications have been recently used , it does not check whether they are still running or using memory/cpu . therefore , this list does not affect battery use one way or the other . instead , you might want to check Settings -&gt; Apps -&gt; [swipe to the right] to show running applications , processes and services . here you can see the apps that are using your device and consuming battery , and kill unnecessary processes by tapping the app and then Stop .
there is now .
go launcher ex looks like you can turn that on , at least for some apps . related is the next notification plugin for next launcher 3d .
officially : this is not possible , except for certain ( older ? ) archos tablets . inofficially : there is the autopatcher project . it includes patches to enable 3g modems on wifi-only tablets ( it may be possible to use those on phones too , but ymmv ) . autopatcher supports these android firmware flavours : some 3rd party firmwares ( cyanogenmod , aokp , paranoidandroid , pacman ) aosp 2.3- > 4.3 ( e . g . , google 's nexus line ) . . . and others not supported are original htc , samsung and other branded firmwares .
well , to put this another way : for gingerbread , storage space weighs around 95mb , give or take , including google apps , source code 6.5gb , compilation taking up approx 14gb space . android 's storage space for ics , weighs around 160mb , give or take , including google apps , source code 9.5gb , compilation - takes up approx 20gb space . as to jb , have not yet built it , but source code is 12.5gb , compilation takes up around 25gb space , various official jb images hovers around 200mb mark . the above ball-park figures above , reflects from gb , ics and jb . as for the future versions of android , only time will tell how much more space will be taken up , it will increase , no doubt ! as for the final image build output , this would be dependent on handset , as rom developers/manufacturers love to add their own bits , hence the inclusion of the " give or take " in the above sentences , not to mention carrier bloat-ware so the mileage will vary .
a subscriber identity module commonly known as sim card has a storage for text ( sms ) messages and contacts only . settings ( i presume you are talking about access points and gprs/3g configuration - clarify it you mean something else ) about your phone are not stored , except the carrier related parameters like message service center number , value added services codes etc .
if you did not explicitly configure your device to automatically use " open " and unprotected networks , it will only connect to those you explicitly tell it to -- so you need not worry about this . as for your "3g turning off " issue : that is very strange . something in your device still seems to think that , as soon as some wifi is near , you are going to use that . probably you can avoid this by turning wifi off . you need not do that manually everytime ( you might forget , and you might be annoyed when it is not on when you need it ) -- but rather let smart wifi manage this for you . this app remembers wifi networks you connected to . when you get disconnected , it will switch wifi off . as soon as it detects you get close to it ( it remembered the cell towers near , so this is it detects the area where you have been connected to some wifi ) , it switches wifi back on . it just could get weird with " mobile hotspots " , if you connect to another android device 's hotspot functionality in the middle of a desert , it would always turn wifi on at that place , even if nothing 's around . oh , well : no cell towers close ? so this will not happen : )
the android version of winamp seems to do a fairly decent job of this . i barely use it ( this particular aspect is not that important to me ) , but i have just fired it up after about a week , and it picked up exactly where it left off .
if you do not depend on a data connection , there may be some solutions around : the google playstore has a lot of automation apps to offer , which you can use to set up more than this . in your case , this would be a time-based scenario : from 11pm to 7am , disable wifi and mobile data no data connection => no new mail => no new mail notifications . apps capable of things like that include e.g. timeriffic ( free , and one of the top-apps in this section ) , llama ( also capable of location-based and other rules ) , and -- my favorite -- tasker . though the latter is not the cheapest one , it is the most flexible , and you can get a 7-day-trial at their homepage . for examples what else you can achieve with tasker , you might also want to take a look at <a href="stackexchange-url what is cell standby and how can i keep it from eating my battery ? , and the examples at the mentioned homepage . also , a google search on tasker profiles will list you a lot of goodies . to accomplish your goal using tasker , simply create the following profile : context : time ( fill in your " from " and " to " to define the time frame ) task : net-> mobile data : set off net-> wifi : set off that is all . say you defined it as described above ( 11pm to 7am ) , tasker would switch off wifi and mobile data at 11pm , and return to the previous state at 7am . more solutions can probably be found here : is it possible to only silence certain notifications ?
how about advancedbrightness ? it is not automatic - you had have to configure it accordingly . however , since you said " adjust throughout the day , " this may well be a suitable app for your needs . oh , and it is free and very small ( 33kb ) .
a factory reset will not remove a custom rom unless the backup image in the custom rom is for a rom other than itself . this would be pretty unlikely . i think we had need to know your phone model and the rom you used to help you figure out why it did not write over the system apps . that is definitely not normal . normally virtually no trace of the old rom should be left .
i did an adb install -r [ apk ] thanks to the comment by @eldarerathis and i got an install_failed_container_error as the reason for installation failure . . . further searching got me to this link http://eatingbits.se/articles/2010/11/16/install_failed_container_error-when-installing-an-application-on-android/ the solution being a temp file inside . android_secure folder not getting removed . so once i deleted the file app installed properly . thanks everyone for helping out ! !
from your mentioning of titanium backup i assume your device is rooted . so my absolute recommendation here is autorun manager ( and yes , you will need the pro -- second yes , it is worth it ) . having that installed , open the app , use the " advanced mode " , look for the app you want to modify ( in your case : google maps ) . expand it . arm will show you all its listeners -- disable them . that is it . nothing is waking it up anymore unless you explicitly start it . but : before you start it , you may need to enable those listeners again , or you may experience strange side effects ( i did ) . on the other side , at least this does not require a reboot . for technical details , you might want to crosscheck with the question how can i manage intent associations with apps , or directly dive into the intents section of the aosp developer manuals .
"0-click " batch restore ( as the market page describes it ) is one of the features of the pro version . you cannot do it in the free version , but purchasing a key for the pro version allows you to perform a batch restore unattended .
make sure " usb debugging " option checked and your driver has been installed properly . you can try following step command : 1 . adb kill-server 2 . adb start-server 3 . adb devices hope this help .
as your device is rooted , button remapper might provide a solution . it allows you to re-assing actions triggered by buttons , so you should be able to re-map the home key accordingly .
you can repartition the internal memory . in essence it can be done , but what many others have answered is basically correct . not only is it quite difficult and risky to perform it , it also requires specialized skills which the average user may not have . there is one solution to the problem though . the easiest way to do this is to look for a custom rom for your phone . many custom rom providers recognize the issue already and have a fix for it in some way or the other . your phone model can provide more information if you like .
as far as i know , this is simply a bug in the htc email application . you can try using a different client ( k9 supports signed messages , i believe ) , but beyond that you will have to take it up with htc and hope that they decide to fix it at some point . here 's a related xda thread where someone includes what he says is a response from htc regarding the issue . there is also a thread on the android central forums where someone reports the same bug ( and no solution ) . those threads are a little on the old side , but i do not believe htc has fixed this yet .
to answer your question , see this previous question for options on changing the country that the market think your phone is in : how can i circumvent regional restrictions in the android market ? for the second part of your question about which country to change to , from the app 's description : currently for u.s. and canada based phones only . but from this description : the application dials to our service , which dials to the other party , showing your phone number as the caller id . the service then records the call at the telephony level , and sends a very high-quality recording straight to your email box . i think that even if you get it to install , it will only work properly if you are currently in the us or canada , as it seems to work by redirecting your call through a landline call forwarding service , which either will not work in other countries , or will be using a hideously expensive international rate call for that purpose .
i googled the file name and found this post on xda : i am still having the storage is running out error from 3.8 . i found out it was caused by the signal lost issue because inside the log folder located in data folder , it will generate many dumpstate ril reset by . . . . . . . . xxx . . once my signal is lost . so , i am wondering what is the best worldwide modem for 3.8 or lates nightly that will not cause signal lost thus my phone will not generate the dumpstate ril reset error and indirectly generating many dumpstate ril reset . i am using dxlpa modem . looks like your phone might be affected by a bug in cm . i would switch rom and see if it goes away , if not , you could try an app like getril to find out what radio interface layer you are using , and if there is another you can use that might help you not lose connection over and over .
i think it is by places , the application . just try closing the application and then trying .
of course a keyboard app can capture your passwords as you type them , along with everything else you type : naughty text messages , credit card numbers , web searches , everything . you could not have a mechanism to stop it , because in a sense , that is what it is for . it can only send this or any other information across the internet if it has the appropriate permission , " full network access . " almost all apps use this permission , though , and a keyboard might want it in order to download new language files , or to show ads if it uses that revenue model . swiftkey , for example , has a " cloud sync " service to let all your devices share the same training data . this can only work by transmitting words you have typed , and statistical data about text you type , across the internet to their servers . android warns you that this is the case every time you enable a third-party keyboard in the language and input settings . nexus devices show a dialog with the message : this input method may be able to collect all the text that you type , including personal data like passwords and credit card numbers . it comes from the app highway . use this input method ? but as i mention in another question , manufacturers can replace the message ( perhaps with one that is not entirely true ) or disable it completely .
first a few things on the symptoms : on unix/linux/android , " free ram " is considered a " wasted resource " . if ram is not occupied by running processes themselves , the system uses it to buffer and cache other things , like the file system . this should speed things up , as usually ram allows faster access . for more details , please check out ram tag-wiki . " task killers " are discussed controversely . while most ( if not all ) people agree they are fine to stop " rogue processes " , it is certainly not their job to " free up ram " or even " save battery " . in these terms , they are rather contra-productive , as most killed processes simply restart themselves ( which costs more battery than if they had kept running , and fills up the " freed ram " again as well ) . for details on this , closer information can be found in the answers on e.g. do i really need to install a task manager ? , do task killers actually work ? and is it advisable to run a task killer app on android . and finally , to the issue itself ( experiencing lags ) . as you describe it as a problem " growing with the time " ( i.e. . it was not there in the beginning , but slowly became more and more visible ) , you will probably find some help in the answers to my device is getting slow , apps start misbehaving/crashing . what can i do ?
unfortunately android does not offer this functionality out of the box . there are several 3rd-party apps on the market that can help though . i personally use app protector pro on my son 's tablet . this app allows you to set a pin and then set up a " block list " of any installed apps , including system ones . among other apps , i added settings and package installer to this list . this presents the " password " prompt upon installation ( or un-installation ) of any apps , including from alternative markets ( amazon appstore , getjar , etc . ) and even side-loading apks . app protector pro itself is also by default set to be on the " protected " list . of course if your device is in the hands of a person that is somewhat knowledgeable of android os , they can do a bunch of things to circumvent this sort of protection , such as a factory reset from recovery console , for example .
the ssh server does not set all the necessary environment variables so it is easier to use a shell script . when successful : # rescan-media Broadcasting: Intent { act=android.intent.action.MEDIA_MOUNTED dat=file:///mnt/sdcard } Broadcast completed: result=0  this works on cyanogenmod 9.1 . depending on your system the environment may be slightly different . note : in later versions of cyanogenmod / android the sd card may be mounted at /storage/sdcard0 . make sure you know where your card is mounted or this will never work . diskinfo may help here . thanks to dan hulme for pushing me in the right direction . references : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/content/intent.html http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1752749 http://intwoplacesatonce.com/ http://kennystechtalk.blogspot.co.uk/2013/08/start-android-media-scanner-from.html
do you really want to do that ? that might lead to you no more being able to see your images in the gallery . but if you want to try : open a file manager of your choice and navigate to the DCIM folder delete the .thumbnails directory create a file named .thumbnails open the file 's properties , and set it " read only " now , as there cannot be two objects with the identical name , the gallery cannot re-create the folder . as the existing object is a file , it cannot put its thumbnails in there , either .
warning : i have not tested this procedure . you would need to have fstrim in system/bin . this xda post has a dropbox download link . start up adb and then switch users to root . $ adb shell from your os terminal . $ su to switch to the root user . to copy fstrim to your /system/bin path you first need to mount the system path as read/write from adb or some other file manager # mount -o remount,rw -t yaffs2 /dev/block/mtdblock3 /system to mount /system as r/w then copy fstrim to the system path . # cp &lt;pathtofstrim&gt;/fstrim /system/bin next you need to change permissions of fstrim to include execute . # chmod 766 /system/bin/fstrim to make fstrim executable by root after setting the correct permissions on fstrim you can run these commands from adb ( as root ) : # fstrim -v /data # fstrim -v /cache # fstrim -v /system or , you could go the easy way . install the lagfix app , and trigger fstrim on demand , provided your device has fstrim support !
are you running the stock rom , only rooted ? if so , you have a few options . ruu to the latest ota and reroot . available here . ( requires unrevoked 3.22 ) install a pre-rooted rom . available here . if you are running a different rom , you should be able to do a build . prop edit to keep from seeing ota notifications ( and burning your battery , redownloading the ota constantly , etc . ) . this post describes what needs modified . finally , you can flash a rom based on the latest ota .
press and hold the ' o ' key . at first you will get a pop-up showing the left parenthesis . hold it longer and you will get another popup showing accents for the character .
not to say a root terminal , most of such methods are utilising adb ( android debugging bridge ) to push root-related files and binaries into your phone to get it " rooted " . sometimes , there are also methods where you are required to boot into recovery to " flash " zip packages that contains those files , but this method is mostly device specific .
this has never been a feature of the stock launcher . perhaps you were using a phone on jellybean where the manufacturer had replaced the stock launcher with their own launcher , which had this feature . since android supports third-party launchers , just install a launcher ( home screen ) app which supports this feature . there are many to choose from .
i had similar problems and used llama , then expanded my use of it to cover other events . it is similar to tasker , and sufficient to my needs , while still a free app . most automation can be triggered by entering/leaving cell tower range that is recognized as " home " . it has options to turn on airplane mode automatically when the phone leaves a cell reception range , and take it out of airplane mode when it re-enters . btw - i am just an enthusiastic user - not the developer .
this can ( and certainly will ) happen when installing apps on sdcard . normally , the system should prevent this ( or rather the dev , by defining the " install-location " accordingly in the app 's Manifest ) . so if the apps were installed on sdcard , go to settings→apps , scroll to the apps ' entries , open them ( one by one ) , and move the app to internal storage . if the widgets do not appear right away after that , they should do so at least after a reboot .
since the fbi cannot bypass the screen lock , i guess you will not . check out http://wired.com/threatlevel/2012/03/fbi-android-phone-lock
ok . i found a even more strange thing . the differences are due to the language . if i set my browser language to portuguese suddently i see all the comments that i saw on the other account ( that i was seeing on an android device set to portuguese ) . this is very strange as all comments are written in portuguese . i have not discovered yet how they associate the language to the comment . . . my guess : comments are only visible on the language that they are added . for example : ( this is a guess ) if i add a comment with my browser in portuguese , only people with browsers/devices in portuguese will see it should not the market show all anyway , with somekind of language filter ( our language vs all ) or use google translate to translate all from the start ? does anyone else has a clue about this ? !
i ended up doing a factory reset on my tablet ( after doing a backup of my data with " app backup" ) . as far as i know the downgrade would probably have worked , but i decided not to risk it .
you have got to do 2 things : first , download the s-on tool from unrevoked 's site and run it according to the instructions . the main thing to keep on top of is the radio compatibility , particularly if you have flashed any of the evo 's radios to your incredible . once you are back to s-on , flash the latest ruu . right now , it is 4.08.605.2 . this will replace the rom and recovery with stock versions . be careful doing this , last i heard there is no way to permanently root the incredible and regain s-on after you have flashed a stock gingerbread rom . if you would like to re-root in the future , at least keep s-off .
no need to worry . as of google+ v4.1 , this is going away . 5 . messenger is going away , hangouts is sticking around now that hangouts provides messaging and video calls across android , ios and the web , we’re removing messenger from the google+ mobile apps ( first on android , then on ios ) . later today you will be able to download all of your messenger conversations ( including text and photos ) from google takeout . the new app is rolling out now and you should have it in the next few days .
there are apps that can backup your bookmarks , e.g. gmarks or titaniumbackup ( needs root ) . you could also sync the p500 bookmarks with google ( by default on ) and also set up sync for a regular desktop chrome browser ( very prominently accessible in the settings ) . you should be able to export your bookmarks then .
the permissions are entered by the developer , yes . but the android os only grants those specific permissions , and no others . therefore an app could try to do something it was not allowed to , but it would fail ( barring a security exploit ) . see http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/security/security.html#permissions for more details .
i am not sure if it is part of a truly vanilla ics build ( though i think it may be ) , but the early cm9 and vanilla ics builds i have played with all have a " developer options " entry in the main system settings . this contains several options which relate to overall graphics effects such as : window animation scale : can be set to " off " to disable window animations transition animation scale : can also be set to " off " force gpu rendering : apparently tries to force gpu rendering of 2d textures/effects . may improve performance according to some ( this generally caused my evo to overheat , though ) it also has an option named " background process limit " . setting a lower number should help improve performance overall , in theory .
it looks like all of the default ringtones and notification sound files are in /system/media/audio . if you can not get to them when mounting via usb , you should be able to use something like astro file manager to copy the files to your sd card and then get them that way . they just appear to be ogg files .
i have found it in the android api : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/view/view.html#setsystemuivisibility(int) a flag , system_ui_flag_low_profile , can be passed to indicate that certain ui elements be put into a low profile and offer less of a distraction to the user . if i had a nexus device ( really any device with soft buttons across the bottom ) then i would also notice those buttons being replaces by the same dim circle i am seeing in my navbar . this has been available since 4.0 and is intended for book readers , games , and other immersive applications .
to replace htc sense completely you will have to root your phone and replace the rom completely . please see this post for more information : stackexchange-url if on the other hand you are looking at replacing your homescreen/launcher then there are plenty of options . launcherpro adw . launcher helixlauncher plenty more . . . i personally have launcherpro and have upgraded to the plus version . the plus version has 90% of the widgets sense ui has but is in my opinion far quicker , more stable and has way more features . nb : i do not believe any of these launchers allow you to utilise the widgets from sense ui . edit : just to answer your comment . launcherpro is an app you can download and install from the android market . once installed clicking the home button will prompt you to select which launcher you had like to use ( either launcherpro or sense ui ) . all you would do from there is check the " default " checkbox and select launcherpro .
this is only any use to you if your pc has an hdmi input , which is very unusual . you will only have such a thing if you deliberately bought video capture hardware and attached it to your pc . if you have such hardware , you should use the video capture software that came with it . trying to use camtasia to capture it would be like trying to use camtasia to capture from a webcam . in addition , depending on what adaptor you use , your video capture hardware may also need to support mhl ( the wire protocol used to send video data over the micro-usb and hdmi connectors ) . see my answer on how does mhl work ? for more details .
usually this should be an easy task – provided you have got a custom recovery on your device . turned out , it was not as easy in this special case , so i will list multiple options here . in combination , they finally lead to success – as one can see in the comments on the question itself . variant 1: custom recovery that is a one-liner : put the gapps archive on your sdcard , boot into recovery , chose " install update . zip from sdcard " , and select the gapps archive . done . after the next boot , google apps should be there . trouble in this case : no custom recovery . ok , next one . variant 2: use adb to side-load it this variant was even figured by the op himself . requires adb to be installed on your computer ( see : is there a minimal installation of adb ? ) , and your device setup ( device drivers etc . ) as well as connected via usb . for a detailed how-to , please see how to : use " adb sideload " on your android device . here , in short : place the gapps zip file in the directory where your adb executable is make sure you have usb debugging enabled in settings → development on your device boot your device in recovery mode , and connect it to your pc on your device , use the volume up / down keys to select " apply update from adb , " then press power to select it on your computer , open a command prompt window and navigate to the directory from 1 . , then execute adb sideload &lt;zipfile&gt; ( replacing &lt;zipfile&gt; with the name of your gapps file ) when the installation is finished , select to " reboot " the device . done . once the device finished booting , your google apps should be there . or not , as in our case . services got installed , apps were missing . ok , let 's trick the remains . variant #3: doint it manually preparation install es file explorer on your device . this will help us a lot . unpack the gapps archive into an empty directory on your sdcard . might be an optional step , as es file explorer can deal with zips directly , but might make things easier do it launch es file explorer on your device . tap the menu button , tap " root-explorer " ( the text , not the switch next to it – though you must make sure that is switched to " on " as well ) . a popup should open , where you should find a " r/w " icon ( second to last entry ) . tap that . this should remount your /system partition , so you can write to it . now use es file explorer to navigate to your ( unpacked ) gapps archive . copy the .apk files from system/apps/ to /system/apps/ on your device . similarly , files from data/apps/ should be copied to /data/apps/ . now back to the menu , and re-mount your /system partition read-only . reboot . now , the google apps should be there . still not ? bang . variant 4: get another device . . . or at least another rom . . .
on my android 4.0.4 if i click on the picture of the contact , i get option to save it .
i have looked a number of products and i have got to say touchdown by nitrodesk always comes out on top . i have just returned to android after a short spell with wp7 and fogot how much i relied on touchdown . my favourite is the fact it will read out emails , which is useful !
you do not need to remove default google account or factory reset to ditch double notifications . use any one of following methods which suits you best : from Settings ~> Accounts &amp; Sync , choose the default google account and turn off gmail sync . after that , you will receive notifications from k-9 mail , only . in some android versions , if you turn off all sync options listed under a google account , a sign out button is appeared . all you need is to tap it . go ahead to try it . if you are rooted , delete /data/system/accounts.db file and restart the system ( on jelly bean , its /data/system/users/0/accounts.db and the location can vary with android versions ) . next time , you will be asked to add google account again .
using the heimdall one click collection , i was able to restore my device back to the stock rom . in windows , it requires the visual studio c++ runtime . after putting the phone in download mode , all you need to do is to press the flash button .
on samsung galaxy s ii ( and possibly other similar phones ) the stock music player app can do this . just open the mp3 in any file manager , choose to play it with the stock music player , hit menu and select Use as... and Ringtone . another option is to use doubletwist player to show the music by artist/album and long-press the song you want , then select Use as ringtone . this way you do not have to select from one long list , but the downside is you can not use your file manager to browse , you are stuck with artist/album grouping . also , you could check out ringtone maker , you can browse files in menu -> browse . . . . this also has the ability to play , chop and edit volume/fade .
if you look at this video from the google i/o conference and the slides you can see that they show how much wifi , the cpu , screen , gps , accelerometer etc . use in a device . here is the video and the slides . a quick summary in case the links go down : this shows the amount of battery used by the components in milliamps ( ma ) . another unit needed is milliamp hours ( mah ) which is what battery capacity is measured in , a typical smartphone might have 1600mah capacity . having just the screen on we can see how long the device may last by dividing the capacity ( 1600 mah ) by the usage ( ~100 ma ) giving us 16 hours of use with just the lcd screen on . it is an interesting video if you take the time to watch the whole thing . it discusses wake locks , where an app will wake up the device to update itself , and how they affect battery life which is an aspect i do not usually consider about applications .
i think the only reliable source for roms is xda-developers . ask your question there . they have a special forum for the att s3 . http://forum.xda-developers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=1705 btw : that does not mean that you cannot trust this source !
not really an android question ( rather linux/shell/bash ) , but i give the credit of the missing executable . so : for i in * ; do j=`echo $i | tr '[a-m][n-z][A-M][N-Z]' '[n-z][a-m][N-Z][A-M]'`; mv "$i" "$j"; done 
from what i can see from this site ( in spanish ) : this is a specific advertising service that only the Movistar network seems to push to phones . the only solution i found is to disable the " sim toolkit " application , Settings &gt; Applications &gt; SIM Toolkit but this may require root access to your device . removing sim toolkit according to android forum users can be removed without any issues . i would Disable it rather than take the nuclear deletion option personally . from the link : has not been on my phone in a year . . . no problems without it - that i am aware of . and i know for a fact that 4g works without it . . . has not been on my phone for the last year - and every rom i could flash made no difference . i am really temped to believe that simtoolkit is for metro 's various services/bloatware ( where they monitor data usage - for whatever reason ) from wikipedia : sim application toolkit ( commonly referred to as stk ) is a standard of the gsm system which enables the subscriber identity module ( sim ) to initiate actions which can be used for various value-added services . these so called ' value added services ' are what you want to remove . alternatively you could contact movistar and see if they can stop it , tell them it is crashing your device or causing you issues and ask what can be done . depending on your contract you could move to another network also .
gingerbread is adding support for " extra hdpi " and " extra large screen " devices , but this primarily geared towards tablet devices than actual phones ( but who is to say that will not change ) . more information can be found here on the updated dev guide on supporting multiple screen sizes .
after i posted this question , i found out that ' playerpro ' music player allows you to choose the type of ratings it saves to . mediamonkey is one of them , so this basically is what i needed . unfortunately , it is not a free app , but for me although this is a tiny feature , this is something i am willing to pay for .
the problem has been solved by updating " google search " after the 4.2 announcement . so it was definitely a bug : )
go launcher , launch the drawer , click application settings , click app drawer scrolling orientation , set vertical continuous or vertical loop and then vertical waterfall . win .
export DISPLAY=:0  when you type " xterm " a terminal should appear inside x but does not work very well , because some x11-features are not implemented in this android-xserver .
here is what i use that do not need an internet connection : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.androidintercom https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.remaller.android.wifitalkie_lite
if you use mv on a directory containing files and subdirectories , it will move all of them . but in this case you may not want to move the amazonmp3 directory itself , so the command would be mv internalmemory/amazonmp3/* /sdcard/music/ , assuming the internalmemory directory is correct . the actual names for the internal memory and sd-card depend on the device , for example on my old galaxy s they were /sdcard and /sdcard/external_sd/ .
the menu for each file ( the one you get by clicking the down-triangle-in-ring icon , or by long-tapping a file ) should also have a move item between rename and export . clicking it brings up a selector you can use to select where to move it to . i can not imagine why you might not have that item .
require root for some reason it requires root because the global proxy setting is a secure system settings ; on nonrooted devices , only system apps ( like the settings app ) can modify secure system settings . imagine if just any app can modify your global proxy setting , you can inadvertantly be redirecting all your internet traffics to some shady server somewhere across the globe . your alternative is to set up two browsers , one that uses normal internet and another that than can have per-app proxy configuration . you can set firefox for android to use a proxy by changing the network . proxy . http and network . proxy . http_port setting from within about:config . more details : https://support.mozilla.org/en-us/questions/757976 .
the information below is from a developer website , it is the closest i could find to a definitive answer . from website : if you are using api level 7 or lower , use getexternalstoragedirectory ( ) to open a file that represents the root of the external storage , then save your shared files in one of the following directories :
i do not think there is any way to prioritize threads/apps in android . programatically you had set thread priority here , but it would be your threads in your app . you should not be able to do this against someone else 's app unless you had their developer signature as all applications are sandboxed from each other ( unless permission is given ) . instead , i would focus on trying to improve overall performance on your phone : conserve memory : reduce the number of running services delete apps that you do not use ( especially those that are spawning services ) overclocking ( requires root and will drain more battery , but could be allieviated some by running an under voltage kernel ) or installing a custom mod with performance tweaks as a side note , overclocking the motorola droid makes it hell of a lot more responsive than the default 550-600mhz clock speed , but i find the battery drain to be too much unless i have my phone plugged in to a power source . if you carry a spare battery around like me , it may not be that big of a deal you are right to not use a task killer . the android os was built to handle tasks appropriately and you would otherwise waste resources running an auto-kill service every x minutes ( because those killed tasks are just going to re-spawn ) and potentially cause other problems ( killing a task that is writing to the sd card , for instance , could cause file corruption ) . the only thing task killers are good for are for what you would normally use one for : to kill hung up processes .
i do not see how the duration of the charge would relate to whether or not it is harmful to the smartphone . i have never seen any documentation that keeping a phone plugged in perpetually ( whether plugged into usb , ac or dc ) would cause any harm to the phone itself . an argument could be made that it is harmful to the battery . constant charging is not generally a problem for lithium ion polymer batteries ( which most new cell phone batteries are ) . it is in fact better to frequently charge them , and not let them fully discharge . one factor that does degrade the battery life of all lithium ion batteries is heat . the more heat it is exposed to the faster it will lose capacity , so i can see how keeping it plugged in may keep it warmer longer and theoretically degrade the battery life . here are a couple good resources discussing battery life : http://batteryuniversity.com/learn/article/how_to_prolong_lithium_based_batteries http://www.droidforums.net/forum/tech-issues-bug-reports-suggestions/1974-understanding-battery-life.html
i would assume this is due to the cell radio firmware , not android . but i am not sure . in many cases you can flash older modem firmware using odin or clockworkmod , so you could test and see if the froyo firmware affects this under gingerbread . there should be a thread in the galaxy s forum on xda with the modems , i will update this if i remember to look for it later .
ultrachron stopwatch lite . it does not time stamp each lap but does the start time .
mx player does hw video / sw audio .
never heard it was , and i am pretty sure if it were i had heard . ( originally " ximian evolution " , by the way ; ) neither have i heard of something comparable . mail , calendar , todo etc . are available as separate apps , sometimes also in combinations , but then mostly only combinations of calendar + todo , not with mail . closest coming is probably pocket informant ( usd 10 ) , joining calendar , tasks , and contacts : pocket informant 3 ( source : google play ; click image for larger variant ) i personally favour a combination of business calendar ( bought the pro ) , business tasks ( integrates neatly into their calendar app ) , and k-9 mail instead on my android devices ( and yes , on my computer i use evolution ) .
just to close this issue , i exchanged the device at the vendor ( same model ) , upgraded to kitkat , and everything seems to work fine . sorry for not having a more technical answer , i would love to have one , but in the end i needed a phone that works .
if it came pre-installed with your phone then its a system app . you cannot uninstall it ( unless you have your phone rooted , which i think you do not have ) . best option for you is to disable the app . in this case , the app will not run and will not consume any cpu or battery ( if that is your problem ) . if you are concerned about storage space running out then this will not solve the storage problem .
the purpose of the lockscreen is to prevent someone from accessing your data , which would be erased by performing a factory reset . a fingerprint scanner is not more secure than a password , it is only more convenient . a few cases where it falls short as a password are : you leave your fingerprints everywhere its easier to obtain your fingerprints by force , than a password its harder to change your fingerprints than a password and fingerprint lock in samsung galaxy 5 easily defeated by whitehat hackers
if you had contact sync enabled and you added the account on this rom too your contacts should appear . if they do not , try titanium backup pro . it is a terrific backup solution and it is pro version allows you to restore individual items from cwm backups . it costs more than your average app but it is super well worth it .
do not use full image at recovery ! it contains recovery too ( cm can repair itself , but reflash of bootloader is not needed ) . use fastboot and flash partitions : system , data you will lose all of your data on the tablet , but it is needed because of the different filesystem structure . without reflashing data you will get a bootloop .
if the phone is new and in the box , then it has probably never been turned on . you can tell because the first time you turn it on ( after fully charging the battery ) , it will go through the initial setup process , inviting you to enter or create a google account , and showing some pop-up tips about adding shortcuts to the home screen . if it is second-hand , then the shop or the previous owner should have factory-reset it already , but you can tell in the same way . if you turn it on and get the initial setup process right away , then you are already starting from a fresh state . if you just get the home screen , with no setup screen inviting you to enter or create a google account , then you need to factory-reset from the device settings .
you can download the documentation of ice cream sandwich ( android 4.0 ) by the sdk manager . sdk manager--> android 4.0.3 ( api15 ) --> documentation for android sdk it will download all the documentation in &lt;android-sdk&gt;\docs of your pc .
awesomeplayer is the built-in media player , part of android 's media playback engine . it is also referred to as the stagefright player . you may be seeing the player 's entries in the log while not playing any music or videos , because it handles all media playback , including ringtones and notification sounds .
not with the regular playstore app , afaik . if you want to do so using an app , you might want to take a look at market comments reader . from within the web browser , androidpit allows to show comments of all languages at once , i.e. without selecting each language separately .
in the end i fixed it using the old " have you tried turning it off and on again ? " on one of the aps . make sure to try that first . ; ) so here is my little checklist , least annoying first : ( if you have other suggestions or things that worked for you let me know and i will add them ! ) recheck the password it is almost always the problem ! ( hint to the android devs : a more descriptive error for this case would be great . ; ) ) reboot all devices . yes , even if it works for other computers and if it will cut their network connection . try adding the network manually and entering all the data manually . try restricting all devices to specific channels and bands instead of using automatic discovery . if you use multiple devices make sure they do not interfere by setting them to different channels or selectively turning them off . try using " adb logcat " to get more information . try resetting your phone .
the reason for " phone calls " might be quite easy : looking at the app requirements , they list " android 1.6 or higher " . with that , this permission is automatically set -- whether the developer wants it or not . reference : android 1.6 changelog . an interesting discussion on this permission can be found at stackoverflow : android permissions : phone calls : read phone state and identity . of course this might not be the only reason . if the app e.g. lets you take " call notes " for an ongoing phone call , it might want to connect it with the contact or at least the calling number . to get the contact , it needs the number . to get the number , it needs . . . yes , READ_PHONE_STATE . not using evernote , i cannot say if it offers such a feature . personal information : a possible reason for contacts i just explained . some additional reasons , taken from the app description , could be : email notes and save tweets to your evernote account ( email taken from contacts ) share notes with friends and colleagues via facebook and twitter ( again , your friends data is probably stored with your contacts ) take meeting and class notes ( meetings are probably among your calendar entries , so they could be connected ) plan a trip : keep track of travel plans , plane tickets and passports ( again a clear candidate for calendar : travel plans ) as for accounts , pick reasons from above : how to share on your twitter and/or facebook accounts without accessing them ? so all mentioned permissions could be easily explained . could , as it takes some guess-work . you may be able to tell my assumptions are true if you investigate the described features . but the devs should be able to confirm or deny -- and imho it is their responsibility to explain . my suggestion to developers always is : if there are sensitive permissions involved , split the connected functionality into addons/plugins . my standard example : locus maps . it needs internet access to load maps , that is crucial to the app . being a navigation app , you might want it to navigate you to your friends -- so accessing your contacts makes sense . but that together with internet , well . . . you might be concerned . so menion ( the dev ) moved this part to a ( free ) addon . choice is up to you : trust him ( and install the addon ) , or enter all addresses manually . and for another thing i agree with a point mentioned here a couple of times : a 4.7 star rating with almost half a million downloads , i would say if that app were malicious , we had have heard about .
use es file explorer https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.estrongs.android.pophl=en free . how to use go into your pc and set up a share folder . use this as reference http://www.techrepublic.com/blog/windows-and-office/how-do-i-share-folders-in-windows-7-with-the-shared-folder-wizard/ either place your file to transfer in the shared folder or make the shared folder where your file is located . now install es file explorer on the device and run app . goto the quick access menu ( 3 dash button in the top left corner ) . select network> lan . bottom of the screen select scan , might take a minute to acquire connection . select your shared folder . select your file ( long pressing file and select copy at the bottom ) goto the quick access again and select local pick your destination location from there and tap paste enjoy ! !
it comes with an ac adapter and a charging/data cable which can plug directly into the tablet , though it does still use their proprietary cable connection since it plugs into the same connector that the keyboard dock uses ( the other end is male usb ) . using proprietary charging cables is not unheard of - samsung and apple have done this ; i do not personally like it when companies use proprietary cables , but in this case it is mostly because the charging/data port doubles as the dock connector . here 's an image from engadget 's unboxing/review of the prime . the ac adapter is at the bottom .
it does not store creation time because unix filesystems ( generally speaking ) simply do not store this anywhere , and android does not seem to be any different . this stack overflow question has some discussion about this fact ( you can ignore the fact that it is talking about python - the answers are still relevant ) , and the man page for stat describes what times are typically stored in the data structure . as for the last accessed times . . . well it does keep track . try ls -l in any directory you have proper permissions for : if you have busybox you can also use the stat command for more detailed info . it also lets you use some additional ls flags like -u , -c and -t ( see man ls if you are not familiar with it ) . here 's a sample from stat:
the screenshots of the cn version are all in chinese , also the language code for chinese simplified is " cn " .
when you are talking about an android rom , you are really talking of a group of programs , including the android base system , that are put together to work with your phone and that once installed are what you see and use when you start your phone without installing any app from anywhere else . you can imagine that the rom is the operating system of your phone plus the “default applications” that come with it . the thing with android is that is open source , so come people have managed to build systems configured to offer the user some things the original manufacturers of the phones don’t offer . this is the case of cm7 ( cyanogenmod 7 ) . if i install gingerbread , is that a rom like cm7 is ? gingerbread is the codename of a version of android , the 2.3 , to be exact . andorid 2.1 --> eclair android 2.2 --> froyo android 2.3 --> gingerbread android 3 . x --> honeycomb ( only for tablets ) android 4.0 --> ice cream sandwich android 4.1 --> jelly bean cm7 is a rom that uses as base system the android 2.3 system , so you can say that cm7 is a rom based on gingerbread . confused as to what exactly to do after a root , can i install gingerbread without rooting ? that depends . if htc offers an official rom upgrade to gingerbread ( version 2.3 of android ) , you can . if htc doesn’t offer this update , then you can only install an unofficial rom ( like cm7 ) . if i want to install htc sense , is that a rom ? htc sense is a pack of applications developed by htc to customize their phones and make themselves unique . htc sense is not a rom , but you can find roms for your phone that are based on the official rom with sense and some of the other parts of the system changed . rooting a phone is the process to gain full permissions . it is the equivalent of being the administrator of the system . once you are root you have full access to the system , so you can change it .
i have noticed a lot of vehicles that do not recognize any android devices but they do recognize iphones/ipods . this is something the manufacture has to add support for . these manufacturers usually use a proprietary system in the vehicle and they do not seem to think anyone uses anything besides an iphone or ipod . you may be able to use bluetooth to transmit the audio from your device to your vehicles stereo .
autoupdates brick a lot of transformers when on cm . bad sounding situation , in my opinion . fastboot and adb are the only ways you could recover your device if you have a bad bootloader and recovery . have you tried holding vol-down while resetting with a paperclip ? that should force fastboot . if not , we can try adb . do you have adb access while your tablet is plugged in to your computer ? turn on your tablet so it is in recovery , and on your computer , run adb devices to see if your tablet is available . if so , adb -d reboot-bootloader should force your device to reboot into fastboot . from there , run fastboot erase x where x is : system recovery userdata boot misc cache and then after that , you can flash your files and/or restore your .blob files .
for adb devices to list your device ( and other adb commands to be able to work with it ) , you need to enable usb debugging in your android device . this will start the required services ( the adb daemon ) on the android device , which is what then responds to adb commands issued from your computer . besides : if you are not going to use all the development stuff from the sdk , but simply wnat to interact with your device using adb commands , you do not need to install the entire sdk overhead . see is there a minimal installation of adb ? for details : )
it looks like i may have found the problem . the latest update from at and t ( 4.5.141 . mb860 . att . en . us ) which they pushed a few weeks ago appears to not handle a " forever " dhcp lease properly or my router does not properly handle a dhcp lease renewal when configured for " forever " . one does have to wonder why the phone was renewing a lease which had no timeout , and especially after only 150 seconds ( allowing for the 30 second network request timeout ) . coincident with the wifi dropping , the logs show the phone tearing down the wifi service and restarting it after a failed lease renewal request . because the router has always had a " forever " lease time , my money is on the update introducing a bug in the phone . from my phone log ( note there is a large time between the request and the renewal only because the log captures only a couple of minutes , so i had to capture a number of small log fragments before i tumbled to the dhcp connection ) : since changing my router to use a two week dhcp lease , the phone has had a stable wifi connection for an hour and a half , which is considerably longer than i have seen since i started monitoring this condition . assuming there are no further problems , i will accept this in a couple of days , indicating that the problem is indeed resolved . ( btw , the log collector i used is " log collector " by xtralogic inc , and " wifi analyzer " is by farproc ) . update : 2012-03-29 am : the root cause seems to be an inability to renew a dhcp lease - changing the lease time to 30 minutes caused the connection to drop precisely 30 minutes after connecting the phone to the router . update : 2012-03-29 pm : that there is a general problem renewing dhcp leases is born out by testing all day with a short lease time ; every ( or very nearly every ) attempt at renewing the lease fails , and then disconnects and reconnects the wifi service . now knowing precisely what the problem is and what to search for , it may be that this is a long-standing problem with the android wifi service , present since 2.2 and still a problem even in 4.0 .
it is impossible to boot directly into cwm recovery by key combination . however one can boot into " download mode " ( as described in question ) and then ( re ) flash recovery with odin , this will automatically reboot phone to cwm recovery
provided it can read the cpu temperature , the linux kernel will detect an overheat condition and gracefully shut down the device in the event overheating occurs . however , android does not contain built-in mechanisms that selectively disable components or reduce heating in the manner ios does , such as by dimming or turning off the screen , stopping charging , reducing the power of the cell antenna , or disabling the camera flash .
wow , i had this problem just this week ! and just got access to my microsd . . . accessing your microsd the problem : my microsd card works great on my phone , but when i inserted it into my card reader and plugged it into the computer ( ubuntu 12.04 ) , it did not read ! well , this microsd card was a 16gb , class 4 so i thought maybe it was due to the class that it did not work . since , when i plug in a 2gb microsd , it works great ! works on my phone as well as using the card reader . what i did : updated my usb drivers as well as my computer and it is all great ! here 's the command that i used : sudo update-usbids &amp;&amp; sudo update-pciids  and then use the software center and just do a full system update . that is it . the post where i got the info from : ubuntu 10.04 usb drives not mounting ! - these are instructions for ubuntu 10.04 but it worked for my 12.04 . *i did not have anything to do with mount-manager at all . accessing your internal storage this is something that i am not an expert at but i am quite sure it is what the rooting program using the adb connection did to my android when it needed to install the sudo binary . but here 's a link i hope will be of a great help to you - how to access intenal storage or internal memory of android while conecting to pc ? !
what you are referring to are called htc scenes ( hero scenes link ) . off the top of my head i do not know of anything like that and only htc devices have the htc scenes . i just did a quick search of the market and did not come up with anything so my initial guess is : no , there is nothing like that currently . you would either need a sense-based custom rom ( not sure if there are any for the droid x ) or an htc device .
i think this might simply be something of a misunderstanding regarding how " download mode " works exactly . when you reboot into download mode , your phone does not automatically reflash itself . it is not capable of doing that , and in general this is a rare feature ( nook tablets can do this , notably , though not with " download mode" ) . instead , it is simply listening for commands from a pc , delivered via the odin or heimdall utilities . the reason your phone has been sitting in download mode for over an hour is because you have not yet told it what to install . again , it will not do anything by itself , so if you did not use odin to install the rom then it is waiting for you to do that . you will need to get odin ( or heimdall ) , find a rom to flash , and then hook your phone up to a computer and actually perform the installation . once that is done , it should reboot into the new rom , but until then it will just hang out in download mode waiting for commands .
there is no manual or faq i have found for the program so i am not certain if this is the way they intended it to be used . it does work , though , and i can not see an alternative method of using usb . you need adb installed along with the proper drivers for your device . this varies with platform and phone , so check google or xda . enable usb debugging on your device -- settings > applications > development > usb debugging plug in , start droid vnc server on a command line , run these commands : adb forward tcp:5801 tcp:5801 adb forward tcp:5901 tcp:5901 visit http://localhost:5801 with a browser or point your vnc client to localhost:5901 i do notice that performance is not any better over usb vs a 802.11g , so i would only recommend going to the trouble of this if accessing your device via wifi is not feasible .
i managed to get spotify working by the following method provided by the official suuport : hello there , try directing the browser on your tab to the following page - https://www.spotify.com/download/previews/ - and then downloading the preview version of spotify on android from there . this might get it up and running on your device . please let me know how you get on . kind regards , david spotify customer service
without changing the person 's name in their contacts , adding a " phonetic " name appears to work .
have a look in the ouya store for an app called autopilot , that allows you to specify an app that will run on boot .
i think you had require root for this sort of functionality . if you have ics and later on your device , you can check the data usage and identify apps . go to settings > data usage . a list of apps and the data that they have consumed should be displayed there . that will allow you to see which apps have accessed the mobile data connection . screenshots here - http://www.tech-recipes.com/rx/22583/android-ics-control-limit-data-usage/
on your phone go to people . ( or phonebook ) choose your contact card . press menu button/edit . press on your photo/facebook . and it will be updated .
you lost all your contacts as it was tied to the old one , registered a new one , then when ics sync'd , nothing there . . . as it was on a newly registered account . question is what happened to attribute you to getting your previous google account closed ?
the freexperia team have added fm radio in their latest cm nightlies , and it seems to work .
i am working from memory here as i am now running ics on my phone so i may be a bit off here . if you go into your phonebook settings , you should be able to stop it showing your gmail contacts . now , to get them into gmail contacts just do the following . go to your phonebook , this will now just be showing you the contacts stored on your phone . you should be able to export this as a vcf file . copy this file to your computer . now just log into your gmail account , go to contacts and then import the vcf from there . then delete all the phone contacts and re-sync your phone to gmail . you may still have to do a bit of merging if you have part of a contact saved in gmail and saved in the phone memory but this will take most of the hassle out of getting them into gmail .
an android device in " mass storage " mode behaves just like a usb flash drive : it presents itself as an block device that can be mounted ( i.e. " used" ) by the host pc . just like an usb stick does . additionally " usb debug mode " can be enabled , which creates a new usb endpoint for the android debug bridge ( adb ) . this allows an user to get in-deep access to the connected android device and furthermore it allows the debugging of apps . this is the reason why you should never attach an android device with debug mode enabled to an untrustworthy pc . as usb is able to provide more then one endpoint per usb device , this " services " , mass storage and adb , can be used simultaneously .
had the same problem . solved it by clearing defaults in my gallery application .
closest thing i have been able to find is : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.burningthumb.premiervideokioskhl=en video kiosk display a folder of videos , continuously and robustly in a loop . video kiosk was designed with android tv sticks in mind ( tested on mk808 and mk812 ) but also works with any android device that you want to use to display a continuous series of looping videos . video kiosk can used to run the big screen at a gym , shop , or anywhere where you need to run an unattended display , so you can be sure it will work simply and easily . the only thing other people need to know how to do is turn the tv on and off - video kiosk takes care of the rest . simply put your video files in a folder , launch video kiosk and pick the folder that contains the video . optionally enable the launch at startup option so that when the device is ( re ) started , video kiosk automatically launches and starts playing video .
from what i read a few days ago , tablet cannot run android market ( and therefore will not be distributed with it ) until 2.3 is released in the early part of next year . i have heard of a few tablets being released using the manufacturers own market-type application but nothing using the official android market . i think we will have to wait until 2.3 is released before we hear about tablet support = ( gary
do not confuse the app-cache with the dalvik cache : app cleaner refers to the app-cache ( e . g . cached files from the internet , aka " webcache " , or from other components of the app ) , while the dalvik cache is .dex files are placed on app installation ( they are an optimized version of the app code ) . so basically you compare apples with oranges . as for your problem : e.g. titanium backup offers to cleanup the dalvik cache . there might be other apps available providing this feature ( e . g . systemcleanup ) , but in all cases this requires root -- unless you want to do a factory reset , which completely cleans the dalvik cache , amongst others .
a good application to do that is the samba filesharing . it shares your sdcard , making it easy to transfer files from/to your phone . settings after installing the application from google play , open it and fill a password by touching the password menu . the default username is sdcard and the default workgroup is workgroup . you can leave it that way or change it in a way that suits you . i would recommend enabling and selecting your wifi in the wifi white list . that way it only enables samba sharing when connected to your preferred network . that done , you only have to go to your network shares and look for a device called android . login name : sdcard pw : ( the one you defined earlier ) open the shared folder and it will ask again for credentials , and you are done . here you have a video that completes this information .
sounds like a hardware problem ( assuming the lines extend all the way across the screen ) . could just be a bad connection .
until android 4.2 there is no stock countdown timer , with android 4.2 there will be one . some alternative interfaces like touchwiz ( samsung devices ) have added a countdown timer for a long time , but stock android ( aosp ) had this first in 4.2 .
gtasks allows you to work with you task list offline on your phone and then sync when you have internet as do most task managers that sync with google tasks . i have never tried any of the others but i can say from experience that gtasks works well .
please feel free to use a folder structure which suits you . it is better if you create a seperate folder for pictures , inside media folder or on the primary folder itself . ( where the folders such as dcim and media are located . ) as your title asks , there are no hard and fast methods to transfer data to your phone . standard file transfer safety measures apply . about keeping seperate folders , do not use too many folders which might result in slowing down the phone . no matter where you put the images , the album app finds them . ( just make sure that you do not copy them in to folders that you do not know of ) have fun with android .
there is an app for this called secure deletion for android , which can be used to overwrite the data . another way to obfuscate the data would be to encrypt the device before using factory reset . this encrypts all your data , and after the device is reset , it will be very unlikely that the data can be recovered .
go into the people or contacts app . at the top of the list is a heading me with a special item to set up my profile . click that item and it takes you to the " new contact " screen . on this screen , to the right of the " name " field , there is a little grey " contact icon " box . if you click that you can replace the photo with a picture from the gallery or by taking a photo .
the gpsfix app is known for this kind of spam ( see its comments on the playstore ) , even antivirus/antimalware apps classify it as adware ( taken from those comments , again ) . hence , my recommendation is : optionally post a comment on the playstore to warn other users uninstall that app delete that icon ( do not " start " it , as you cannot know where it takes you -- it might introduce more problems ) these kind of trouble-makers are no unknowns . please see the questions tagged malware to find similar reports . the playstore has enough replacement apps not offering those " unwanted side-effects " ( take e.g. a look at gps status and toolbox ) . so no need to shed any crocodile tears over that one app : )
this is a known issue with the market / apps accounts . i believe google has upgraded some apps accounts to allow market purchases , but if yours has not been upgraded then i believe you are out of luck and should create a regular google account to use with the market .
handcent sms is the most oft-recommended sms replacement app on this site , so it is probably good to try . if you have no issues with it , then i would assume it is just a buggy sms app that you have and not a deeper problem . if you do not mind losing all your messages you could try going to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications , finding the sms app ( "messaging " or similar ) , and clearing the data for it . there may also be something like " messaging storage " that you need to clear . i do not know of any app that will improve performance of the existing app , and replacing a messaging app can be tricky . i would recommend a custom rom that has had some of these bugs worked out . this xda topic has a good overview of roms for your device .
it turns out my probably was solved by something as simple as clearing my cache . which makes me feel pretty stupid , because i should have done that before even bothering to ask . i never suspected this could happen straight out of the box , guess i was wrong .
you can use the ping utility from terminal emulator or adb shell . also : https://market.android.com/search?q=pingso=1c=apps
no more unwanted unlock screen . something might have been wrong with the firmware .
1 ) go to phone app 2 ) tap overflow menu ( triple verticle dots ) > settings 3 ) tap quick responses
the folders are already there , by default your inbox is shown , while inside your inbox , choose menu => folders and you will see a list of all your corporate folders . pick one to switch to viewing it .
after the latest update , the samsung messaging app provides an option to disable google talk messages . exactly what i was looking for .
go into the gmail app . from the overflow menu ( the three dots in the corner ) , choose settings . in the settings window , choose the gmail account you are using . ( if you have more than one account , do the following for each in turn . ) notifications is the third option down . turning it off will disable mail notifications . in general , you should look for a notification setting inside the app first , and use the settings app 's show notifications option as a last resort for apps that will not behave . if you disable notifications within an app , it can save battery power by not creating the notification at all , and possibly by turning off some background syncing in that app . if you use android 's override , the app still fetches all the data and creates the notification , which wastes battery power when android throws the notification away . as a footnote , i guess that the reason you can not find gmail in the apps list is that you are looking in the list of downloaded apps . that list does not show apps that came with the phone . swipe right twice from that list to see the list of all apps , which includes gmail . you can also get to the app info quickly by long-pressing a notification from that app and clicking app info .
i found the solution . i had a xposed module named accountsectionremover active . my fault !
ah , cripes . i do not know what on earth put this .nomedia file on the root of my sd card . problem fixed .
ok seems adb shell ran-as "package-name" ...  should do the trick , but because of a bug , this cannot be done on 4.3 system . bug : https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=58373
i found this page on google 's support site which states the following about restoring your phone 's settings during the initial setup : " important : if you want to restore your settings , you must do that now during setup . you can’t restore data after setup is complete . " based on this , i am guessing there is no way to restore my account data at this point , short of doing a factory reset on the phone and starting over ( undesirable at this point ) . i would love to be wrong though .
short answer : yes , it is possible . different techniques can be used for this purpose ( some of them are described e.g. in andrew hoog 's book android forensics : investigation , analysis and mobile security for google android ) . it especially gets easy when usb debugging is turned on . long answer : please forgive me if i do not give this . just a hint : there are exploits , and there are custom recovery images . . .
try updating your jawbone 's firmware and see if that fixes it . you can also try installing jawbone companion and see if that helps . it does not have the og droid listed as being compatible when i click on install on the google play site , it has my og droid as one of the options so it is worth a shot .
accuweather has two apps that give you " realfeel " - accuweather and accuweather quick .
the samsung n5110 is the galaxy note 8 . the " espresso10wifi " is a galaxy tab 2 10.1 ( your device ) . it is not flashing because you are flashing the wrong file for your device .
this was fixed somehow after switching back to cyanogenmod 7.1 . sorry i do not know exactly what caused it , but for anyone with the problem , i would suggest flashing a more stable rom ( if you are rooted ) .
you can do this with adb ( android debug bridge ) . enable " usb debugging " on the phone ( settings > applications > development > usb debugging ) type adb reboot in a terminal in the directory where you installed adb platform-tools
the emulator is a program on your computer like any other . the program can connect to the internet in just the same way firefox can . in particular , this means it makes no difference what kind of connection the host is using . from inside the emulator , there is a ' fake ' network driver . it appears to android like a mobile internet connection , but instead of communicating with a cellular modem , it is actually using the usual network api of your host os to send and receive data , just like firefox . it also does emulator-specific things like simulating packet loss .
ok , so it turns out that you need a different boot . img file for the motorola xoom wifi only model than for the 3g model . click here for instructions if you have a 3g model click here for instructions if you have the wifi only model ( including how to fix it if you have already tried using the wrong boot . img and you are being stared at by a non-responsive boot screen that has the moto logo and the words ' dual core technology' )
there is no official way to install a " pure android " rom : the only official rom is that provided by the manufacturer . as sameer says in the comments , you can disable bloatware apps from the settings , with almost the same effect as uninstalling them . if you want to start from a clean slate , you should look for an aosp-based custom ( unofficial ) rom . although they are not always as reliable as the manufacturer 's rom , because they are made by third-party volunteers , for the more popular devices with better manufacturer support they can be very reliable and even better tuned than the original rom . start your search at where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ?
i think this is more than enough . flashing your rom again should be more than sufficient . this not only allows fresh installations of any old apps to prevent spyware , but also dormant any other app data from existing apps to be largely overwritten or deemed as corpses . you can also perform a cleanup using sd maid just to be sure .
there is no tool with this feature . but it is possible to crop the picture in the gallery .
it looks like having the screen turn on when sms messages arrive is a stock feature of the samsung galaxy s4 on verzion ( possibly applies to other models and carriers as well ) . i saw threads here and here discussing the problem . there is no setting to disable only the screen turning on . the workaround that i ended up using is as follows : 1 ) disable notification in the stock app : go to settings and scroll down to notification settings and unselect " notifications " . 2 ) install sms popup . 3 ) enable sms popup . then go to addition settings and disable " screen on for popup " . maybe someday samsung/verizon will fix the problem , but for now this workaround seems to work for me .
i have one found so far paid solution , but there is a 30 day trial to check it out . http://www.rerware.com/android/ ; android app mybackup ; you can backup data and apps , both online and on sd
this is possible using adb shell : $ telnet localhost 5554 Android Console: type 'help' for a list of commands OK geo fix -82.411629 28.054553 OK  please read : stackexchange-url
sim contacts are not synced , neither are " phone " contacts . if you had used google contact , they would have been synced with your google/gmail account -- but then you would not have noticed their loss , as they would have been synced back to your new device . had you saved them as sim contacts , they had also be on your new device . which leaves us with the other non-synced variant : " phone contacts " . those are stored on device internal storage ( to be more precise : in a database file located in /data/data/com.google.android.providers.contacts/databases ) , which is not directly accessible by normal users , so you could not have simply copied it . conclusion : as these data are not stored in " my files " , you have not copied them . and as you have factory-reset the original device , you cannot simply restore them from there . so apart from a quite expensive forensics recovery ( done by a data recovery specialist ) from your old device , there is no way to recover those contacts , sorry .
the only way rooting can gain you battery time is if you can uninstall an app that is using a lot of power , and which you can not uninstall without rooting ( i.e. . it is something that shipped with the device ) . i do not know what is on your device , but judging from what i have seen on my droid 3 , there is not likely to be any noticeable change in battery life . on the plus side , if you root the device , you will have the option to get rid of any junk that was pre-installed and thereby not have to see all the update notices for stuff that you will never use and which wants more and more permissions with every update .
does a malicious android webview break the doublesubmittcookie countermeasure against csrf ? short answer : no . long answer : csrf exploits the trust that a site has in a user 's browser . csrf protection is not intended to protect the server from a malicious user agent or from an untrustworthy user . the user is responsible for choosing a trustworthy browser .
as i have mentioned in the comments already ( and which harbichidian thankfully approved ) , this can be done using tasker : condition : state → docked task : ( put something here you want to be done when placing the device in dock , or substitute some dummy like " variable set : %dummy = 1" ) exit task : media control → pause there might be several other approaches to this . i still hold tasker being at least one of the better solutions ( if not even the best ) is you can do so much more with it . just check the questions tagged " tasker " , or follow the links in our tasker tag-wiki to get an idea .
you can not disable the pop-up alone , but there are some other options:- you can disable the spell-checker completely . if your keyboard already provides all the spell-check functionality you need , then this might be a good option for you . in language and input in the device settings , untick spell checker . this will disable the pop-up and the red underlining for misspelled words . you can change the language of the spell-checker . from language and input in the device settings , click the settings icon next to spell checker , then the globe icon on the next screen . you can only have one language at a time in the default spell-checker , so this might not be helpful . you can install a replacement spell-checker . android allows other apps to provide the spell-check functionality in place of the built-in spell-checker . a different spell-checker might allow you to have more than one language enabled . once you have installed the spell-checker , enable it from the same screen described in the above alternative . in case some visitors are confused about the diffrence between the keyboard and the spell-checker , see this screenshot , from the android developers ' site : the red underlining , and the vertical menu of suggested corrections , are both provided by the spell-checker . most soft-keyboards also include a list of suggested word completions , which are usually in a horizontal line above the keyboard . here you can see ":" and " ; " , and the rest are hidden by the spell-checker 's pop-up .
try directly this if link is originated from an app for android to handle : market://details?id=&lt;package_name&gt; notice : there is no domain and host .
gps logger suits all your needs ( 2 is an option you can turn on )
i figured this was not currently possible so i just created a widget that activated whatever profile i want active when tasker is open then disable the said profile if i go back to the home app .
according to this , you need an external app and you need to root the phone . some other solutions shared in a google code issue thread . update : using gesture search , i entered " proxy " and got to the proxy settings on my droid . do not know how to get there otherwise , and do not know if it actually works , but there you go . ( someone else mentioned it in that google thread . )
taken straight from android developer site there is no effect on the application performance so long as the external storage is mounted on the device . the . apk file is saved on the external storage , but all private user data , databases , optimized . dex files , and extracted native code are saved on the internal device memory . the unique container in which your application is stored is encrypted with a randomly generated key that can be decrypted only by the device that originally installed it . thus , an application installed on an sd card works for only one device . the user can move your application to the internal storage through the system settings . also -> applications that should not install on external storage ( more details on android developer site ) services alarm services live wallpapers live folders app widgets account managers sync adapters device administrators broadcast receivers listening for " boot completed "
cyanogenmod 7.1 has exactly this feature , but without faking data , only failing , if the app accesses the api . proposition for faking the imei was rejected . faking other data , like contacts , is currently under discussion .
using nothing but your android options will not do the job straight forward , you need to install an app to do your folders , there are two applications ( amongst others of course ) ; one called app mate , or appmanager-organize your apps , both are available at the market , and both will require sometime at first to cache your apps and stuff . i am caching my handset right now , and will get back to here with what is what . [ update ] app mate is no use for you , on the other hand appmanager is way much better , it can even sort your folder applications according to frequency of use but unfortunately the folders it creates on your home-screen is cropped in a strange way , i guess that will be easy for the developer to fix .
ironically the android 4.2.2 update i had been waiting many months for turned finally turned up the day after i posted my question . since i updated i have not seen the problem occur again so i am hoping it fixed it . on the other hand it might just be a coincidence so i will have to see how it goes .
some apps use this to retrieve debug information and send it to the company to help improve the app ( eg . evernote [ source ] ) . could not find any information on how netflix uses the data and can not test but maybe there is a " send debug information " button or something similar . this , of course , is pure speculation , so you will have to think " do i trust this company with my data ? " as to what information is made available by this , you can check this by using alogcat or the android sdk and logcat . there is a public google+ post which describes an example of logcat information .
if you do not want to be shackled to itunes for downloading/syncing the actual episodes , you can right-click the podcast in itunes , and select copy podcast url . it will copy the url to the podcast feed to your clipboard . use this url on your android device to subscribe to the podcast there .
try clearing the cache and/or clearing app data .
you can use a logcat viewer , such as logcat reader ( i have found that one works well ) , and just scroll back through the logs until the time in question . a less precise solution would be to go to settings > about phone > battery use and that will tell you what has been using most of your battery .
short answer : yes , it is for all google maps links . the long answer is that android 's intent mechanism ( which is the way android decides what app to start ) can use different parts of the url to match the app . the app can register itself with android to handle : a particular uri scheme , such as market:// a particular domain , such as youtube.com paths within the domain matching a particular filter , such as /users/* apps can also filter on other things not relevant to clicking a link , such as different actions ( e . g . share ) or different mime types . one app can have more than one filter , and one filter can match any combination of the above things . for example , a youtube app might have one filter that matches when all these conditions are met : the scheme is http:// or https:// the domain is youtube.com the path matches watch?v=* and another that matches when all these conditions are met : the scheme is http:// or https:// the domain is youtu.be ( the domain for short urls ) in this case , there are two different defaults to set : the first time you click a link http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DJRFaR71HfY it will set the default for that kind of link . then , if you later click a http://youtu.be/DJRFaR71HfY , it'll ask a second time , because that counts as a different kind of link . in the case of google maps , there are several different kinds of link it can handle ( as well as other intent filters not relevant to links ) :- geo://* latitude://* http://maps.google.tld/ or https://maps.google.tld/ ( with nothing after the / ) , for every tld that google has (google.com, google . fr , etc . ) http://maps.google.tld/maps* or https://maps.google.tld/maps* http://mapy.google.pl/ or https://mapy.google.pl/ ( "mapy " being polish for " maps" ) http://mapy.google.pl/maps* or https://mapy.googl.pl/maps* http://local.google.com/ or https://local.google.com/ http://local.google.com/maps* or https://local.google.com/maps* http://m.google.com/latitude or https://m.google.com/latitude http://www.google.com/latitude or https://www.google.com/latitude http://m.google.com/u/m/* or https://m.google.com/u/m/* each one of those lines counts as a different kind of link , so android will ask again . in addition , all but the first of those have two separate entries : one for opening or browsing a link in the usual way , and another for scanning an nfc tag ( or receiving by android beam ) a matching link . again , those two things count as different links for the purposes of setting defaults . to get this information from the google maps app , i used the app packageexplorer . the information it gives you takes some knowledge to interpret : you may find the android intent api guide for developers useful .
download google play store here [ http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1996995 ] . install it from file manager by clicking apk file . convert to system app via titaniumbackup if you have already bought it as this feature is only available in pro version . or use this app [ https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=de.j4velin.systemappmover ] which is free . you can also move to /system/app folder manually and then set the right permission [ and generate odex file ] but using app to convert app to system app is safer option .
it is possible to send emails to sms inboxes . but you can not send a sms to an email inbox given you do not have an internet connection . you must already know that emails require internet connectivity . as you asked , sms gateways can be used to send and receive smses provided you are subscribed to a sms line via a Direct-to-mobile or a Direct-to SMS gateway . simply put , you cannot use this functionality with your normal sim card , if you are willing to do it in an offline method . read more about sms gateways in wikipedia . on a side note , if you can go online ( say mobile data ) , you can do this by way of a mms . all you have to do is to send the mms to the desired email address . some of the gateway addresses for email to sms are listed below . alltel : phonenumber@message . alltel . com at and t : phonenumber@txt . att .nett-mobile : phonenumber@tmomail .netvirgin mobile : phonenumber@vmobl . com sprint : phonenumber@messaging . sprintpcs . com verizon : phonenumber@vtext . com nextel : phonenumber@messaging . nextel . com us cellular : phonenumber@mms . uscc .netkeep in mind that most of the networks tend to block and/or alter their gateways once the traffic is considerably high , as this method is widely used by spammers .
your voice files are also stored in the whatsapp folder . the path is : WhatsApp/Media/WhatsApp Voice Notes/ the file names are starting with ptt
i have just released an open source svn client that uses actual svn protocol . . . it is called oasvn ( open android svn ) you can get it on the play market here : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.valleytg.oasvn.android does svn checkout , update , commit , export , cleanup and revert . more to come soon . more information and source are here : http://www.valleytg.com jira for requests : http://www.valleytg.com/jira
get an on-screen keyboard with arrow keys , such as hacker 's keyboard . i use it as a secondary input method , it is not so suitable to all situations but can quickly be switched from the long-press menu .
i have never used it but i remember reading about key ring rewards cards . try that and see what you think . edit : i also tried searching the market for " loyalty cards " and came up with this list of apps . i was going to specifically name some but as i have not tried them i thought it best that i just give you the list . seems there are quite a few that will help you manage your cards
i figured it out . it was the kernel that came with liquid smooth rom . the kernel developer , chevyno1 ( of simply stunning mod ) , disabled logging in the kernel . i switched to a different kernel by jdlfg and logging immediately turned on with the next boot .
a new version of the app came out today ( 2.2.0.233662 ) with " numerous bug fixes " mentioned in the " what is new " text . this apparently is one of the fixes . everything is back to normal now .
